  Street dust concentrations can be high in spring. The City of Helsinki fights street dust by removing the dirt, dust and gritting materials accumulated on streets in winter. Streets and pedestrian and cycling ways to be cleaned in the city total over 2,000 kilometres. The spring cleaning project takes about 1.5 months.The spring washing of streets conducted by the City is started as weather permits. Although the removal of crushed stone used in gritting from, say, cycling paths can be started fairly early, effective street cleaning can only be done when night temperatures remain above freezing. Spring is late this year in terms of temperatures and the weather, and it is estimated that the work will only be completed in late May.In the launch of spring street washing, the City balances between slipperiness caused by sub-zero night temperatures and street dust prevention.Street cleaning proceeds smoothly when the City does not need to move parked cars. Street cleaning timetables are announced with boards on streets, online and with text messages. The goal is to make sure that car owners can know when to move their cars away from streets to be cleaned.
In addition to text messages and web pages, street cleaning is primarily announced with boards on streets with no-parking information. If a car has been parked on a street after a no-parking announcement board is placed on the street, the cost of car removal is charged to the car owner.Street
washing plans on a map (in Finnish)The cleaning of sidewalks in the inner city is the responsibility of properties elsewhere the City cleans sidewalks, too. Street dust prevention requires sidewalks to be washed, which is the responsibility of properties in the inner city. Sidewalks should be washed daily, especially on busy streets for as long as street dust occurs. The washing must not, however, cause sidewalks to be slippery.Properties can sweep grits from sidewalks to the edge of the roadway  but never onto tram tracks  and the City will remove them in conjunction with roadway cleaning. No grits must ever be swept onto a cleaned roadway.Information
for propertiesStreet dust typically contains street paving materials removed by studded tires, gritting materials, de-icing salts, metal and rubber particles from vehicles, pulverized plants and pollen. The largest street dust particles may also contain bacterial compounds and soot particles. 
The City of Helsinki seeks actively to reduce adverse impacts from street dust. Gritting is done using washed and sieved crushed stone, which emits less dust than unwashed crushed stone. Street paving materials consist of harder materials than before in order to reduce the amount of material removed by studded tires. Street dust particles are also suspended in a mild saline solution.Street dust concentrations are monitored by Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority (HSL) at its air quality monitoring sites and, as needed, street dust is prevented by trapping dust particles in a calcium chloride solution.
"Helen is the first company in Finland to offer solar panels and an electricity storage system as a tailored package for its domestic customers. Microgenerators will gain greater benefits from their solar panels with the aid of an electricity storage system.The customers now have an ever-increasing range of options to take part in the production of distributed renewable energy. It is easy to start microgeneration with solar panels, and it is now more efficient than ever with the user of an electricity storage system.The system increases the utilisation rate of solar panels by balancing production and consumption. On a sunny day, solar panels often produce more electricity than the microgenerator is able to consume. If the home also has an electricity storage system, the surplus electricity generated during the day can be stored and used in the evening or at night after the sun has gone down.For example, it is possible to watch TV or cook for several hours, or take a sauna for two to three hours in the evening using the electricity stored in the home's electricity storage system.""With the electricity storage system, a microgenerator can monitor how the solar power they have generated is used and stored. The electricity storage system also brings other possibilities for the microgenerator to manage the energy they have produced by increasing the smart features of the system. For example, you can add remote-controlled sockets at home or prepare for power cuts with the electricity storage system,"" explains Helen's Project Manager Kristiina Siilin.The electricity storage system is the same height and width as a refrigerator, but it is only 25 centimetres deep. It is installed in a warm indoor space, for example, in a heated storeroom, hallway or a living room."
  Housing Fair Finland arranges the Elmisen polut event in Jtksaari in September 2018. The event is a new kind of housing event and it focuses on presenting urban housing and a city-like housing environment.Diverse paths of living are currently being established in Jtksaari in Helsinki, which is where a substantial part of the new housing units in Helsinki are completed. An interesting neighbourhood is rising in the area, which introduces a lot of new city construction solutions. The aim of the new Elmisen polut event is to promote the new maritime neighbourhood. Furthermore, the event concept that is now launched can be carried out in all kinds of city environments in different parts of Finland.Free-of-charge
event invites guests to explore the different parts of Jtksaari
The Elmisen polut event is free to the participants and focuses on the event square to be constructed in the Hyvntoivonpuisto park and on the event paths specifically planned in the Jtksaari area. The event takes place on 1  9 September 2018. It is produced by Housing Fair Finland in co-operation with the City of Helsinki. The Elmisen polut event presents good new city living. Local residents, companies and communities are also invited to join the making of the event. Housing Fair Finland aims to expand the visibility of city living in its own operations.- The aim is to give the visitor and the partners a useful and inspiring experience, which develops the quality of living, planning and business activities. Elmisen polut elevates the appreciation of the presented neighbourhood among the residents, visitors and others who follow the event, says Housing Fair Finland Co-op Managing Director Harri Tuomaala. - It is great that a new city living event is arranged in Helsinki and Jtksaari. The event is a message that Jtksaari is deemed as an interesting area of city living, notes Outi Sntti, Project Director of the Lnsisatama area development project. Further information:Managing Director Harri Tuomaala, Housing Fair Finland Co-op tel. 040 032 2602Director Heikki Vuorenp, Housing Fair Finland Co-op tel. 050 531 6776Project Director Outi Sntti, City of Helsinki tel. 09 310 25976
The Liiketoimintasuunnitelma.com service (business-plan.fi), maintained by Helsinki Enterprise Agency, has been subject to an extensive data breach. The public service has around 130,000 usernames and passwords, which have been affected and leaked outside the system. The offence has been reported to the Helsinki Police and the investigation of the case is under way. The Police investigates the case as grand fraud. The Liiketoimintasuunnitelma.com service is owned by Helsingin Uusyrityskeskus ry. The customers of NewCo Helsinki, provided by the City's Economic Development's Enterprise Services unit, use the service. It is also used at other Finnish Enterprise Agencies and several educational establishments. The service is currently closed.The Liiketoimintasuunnitelma.com service is intended for creating a business plan and the information that has leaked may also include details about business plans. At this stage, Helsinki Enterprise Agency or the Police do not yet possess accurate information on the extent of the breach.The data breach was discovered on 3 April during routine observation by the Finnish Communications Regulatory Authority's National Cyber Security Centre. The case does not concern other e-services used by the City.Helsinki Enterprise Agency is responsible for the case-related communications, supported by the City communications. The City of Helsinki regrets the inconvenience that the situation has caused to its customers.More informationHelsingin Uusyrityskeskus ry's Press Release (in Finnish)Finnish Communications Regulatory Authority's Release (in Finnish)For further information and inquiries, please contactHelsinki Enterprise Agencyinfo@helsinginuusyrityskeskus.fiJarmo HykyvaaraChairman of the Board, Helsinki Enterprise Agency tel. 040 042 2387jarmo.hyokyvaara(at)smartum.fi Jukkapekka RisuSenior detective superintendent, Helsinki Police Department, financial crime and severe cybercrimetel. 029 547 5390jukkapekka.risu(at)poliisi.fi 
  The Helsinki City Council voted nearly unanimously at an extra session on 4 April to present to the Finnish Government a statement, according to which the package of proposals for the regional government, health and social services reform now under consideration in Parliament should not be approved.By this statement, Helsinki makes a clear declaration about the reform package, now that it is possible for the first time to issue such a statement after the proposal proceeded to Parliament consideration.
In the statement, the City Council assesses the regional government, health and social services reform as a whole. The aspects noted by the City Council include legislative risks, the establishment of regions, the tasks of the regions and economic impacts.According to Helsinki, the goals of the reform to narrow differences in health and wellbeing, to provide equal access to services and to restrain cost increases will not be achieved. In addition, the City Council considers that the impacts of the reform on the City of Helsinki finances would be significant and create exceptional uncertainty to municipal finances in the future.According to Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori, A same-for-all governance model forgets the growing importance of cities and differences between regions.Our current system, in which cities and municipalities have extensive powers and duties, is part of the foundation of our national competitiveness and success. This is also the direction into which the world is moving. The importance of cities grows with urbanization, Mayor Vapaavuori said in his address to the City Council.In her address to the City Council, Deputy Mayor for Social Services and Health Care Sanna Vesikansadiscussed the problematic aspects of the reform, especially those related to the adequacy of financing and the fragmentation of services.Helsinki has expressed its views of the problems on numerous occasions. The Government has repressed and reversed with frequently changing views, but in particular they have disregarded our main criticism, Deputy Mayor Vesikansa said.Read more:
Mayor Vapaavuoris address to City Council (in Finnish)
Deputy Mayor Vesikansas address to City Council (in Finnish)
Helsinkis Housing Production service is moving to new premise in Vallila, address Elimenkatu 15.The service will open the doors of its new premise to customers on 9 April 2018. Housing Production is closed due to the move on 6 April. Service numbers will continue to operate as normal.More information: http://www.att.hel.fi/en
  City bikes are back on the streets in Helsinki. Fee for the whole season, 3 April-31 October, is 30 euros. You can register for the whole season or buy a day or weekly pass. The service is available online at hsl.fi/kaupunkipyrt.The fee allows unlimited 30-minute bikes rides. For longer rides, there is a fee of 1 for each additional 30 minutes. The maximum cycling time is five hours at a time. In addition to the season pass, there are weekly passes (10) and day passes (5). All passes include an unlimited number of 30-minute bike rides, the overage fee applies for longer rides.CityBike Finland has started to fill in the stations but it takes time to go round all of the over one hundred stations. The snowy and icy weather conditions have made the installation of bike stations challenging. When all stations have been installed, there will be 150 bike stations and 1,500 city bikes in Helsinki.It is advisable to take the wintry weather conditions into account when riding the yellow bikes. As snow, ice and gravel make the streets slippery, cyclists need to be careful and adjust their speed to the conditions. We urge all cyclists to follow the traffic rules and, for example, not ride on the pavement.The Jalavatie, Tlnkatu and Ulvilantie bike stations will open once the street cleaning works are completed and the bike station by Helsinki Ice Hall will open when the street works in the area are completed.Season pass costs 30 euros  from the beginning of May, city bikes available in Espoo and for rides between the cities. The city bike services in Helsinki and Espoo operate in an integrated way. Customers register with one system and pay one season pass fee. From 2 May, the bikes can be used for rides between cities, from Espoo to Helsinki and vice versa. In Espoo, there will be 70 bike stations and 700 bikes. Later in the summer, 35 more stations and 350 bikes will be added in Espoo.Read
  Eastbound traffic is conducted onto a single lane at the eastern end of the Pasila bridge due to work related to the future Pasila mass transport terminal. The work, started on 26 March, disrupts traffic flow and mass transport. Pedestrian and cycling lanes are also diverted but remain at the same side of the bridge as before.The traffic rearrangements are estimated to last until March 2019. Considerable changes will be made to tram tracks in the summer of 2019 over the entire junction area.A map of the Pasila traffic
rearrangements >>Drivers are requested to avoid the Pasila bridge and to use alternative routes via the streets of Nordenskildinkatu and Hakamentie.The construction work will cause traffic rearrangements on the Pasila bridge and in front of the Pasila station until the autumn of 2019, when the new Pasila station and the commercial complex Mall of Tripla will be completed.
The contractor of the project is Graniittirakennus Kallio Oy.The Pasila bridge is widened and the eastern end of the bridge is renovated in the project. In front of the station, the bridge will be 13 metres wider than before. The new mass transport terminal will be placed in front of the station on the old and new bridge decks. Tram stops will be placed in the centre of the terminal and bus stops at the edges of it, says project manager Juuso Luoto of the City of Helsinki Urban Environment Division.Read more about the Pasila redevelopment (in Finnish):www.uusipasila.fi
www.facebook.com/pasilauudistuuThe redevelopment of Central Pasila is one of extensive construction projects that will extend the Helsinki city centre to Pasila. Over the next few years, extensive infill construction and transport projects will turn Pasila into an increasingly important and dynamic urban centre. The new Pasila will be a place for employment, housing and leisure. Today Pasila has 23,000 jobs and 10,000 residents in 2040, there will be 50,000 jobs and 30,000 residents.
  At the turn of 2017/2018, Helsinkis population was 643,272. This was 8,091 i.e. 1.3 per cent more than a year earlier. Population growth was faster, and 1,118 people larger, than in 2016. Over the last ten years, out-migration from Helsinki to the other municipalities of the region, the so-called Nurmijrvi Phenomenon that prevailed in the early 2000s, has turned into steady population growth in Helsinki. In the entire Helsinki Metropolitan Area population growth amounted to 16,465. These figures are from Statistics Finlands statistics on population structure issued earlier today.As a rule, population growth in Helsinki has come close to the so-called fast- growth alternative in the population projection, and last year it was over 1,000 people higher than the previous year. Over the last ten years, Helsinkis population has grown by almost as much as the size of Joensuu citys population. The fact that the population grows in the capital shows that there is an increasing demand for urban lifestyles and that the importance of cities is growing, says Helsinkis Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.The early childhood education age group, i.e. 1-6 year olds, increased by 428. Unusually strong growth was seen in the 7-15 year age group, now no less than 1,884. The working-age population, i.e. 18-64 year olds, grew by 3,600, the 65 year olds or older by 2,376 and the 75 year olds or older by 417.Those Helsinki residents whose mother tongue was Finnish increased by 2,863 and those with Swedish as their mother tongue by 164. Those with a foreign mother tongue increased by 5,055.Population of Helsinki and compared areas on 31 Dec.
Graffiti  the the grand spring exhibition at Helsinki Art Museum (6.4.-9.9.) sheds light on a phenomenon that is both illicit subculture and a figurative language visible to everyone in public spaces. In conjunction with the exhibition, Blade, the living legend of graffiti, and the Amsterdam-based graffiti maker Mick La Rock, will create a new wall painting at the Antinkatu underpass. If we manage to avoid a new cold spell, the work of these graffiti painters can be followed at Baana on Tuesday 3 April an on Wednesday 4 April.  Graffiti, explores the historical roots of graffiti and its present manifestations, with particular focus on the links between Helsinki graffiti culture and the international field. Mounted in the museums two large vaulted galleries, the show is divided into two parts. The first examines graffiti as a subculture, lifestyle and form of art. The roots of graffiti culture are presented through Martha Coopers iconic photos of subway trains and graffiti artists in NYC. A mural created for this exhibition by legendary graffiti artist Blade will bring history to life in the present, and Swedish Nug will paint his latest work directly onto the gallery wall. The exhibition also features a brand new piece by Finnish graffiti artists Egs and Trama.The colourful history of graffiti in Helsinki from the 1980s to the present is illustrated in a timeline highlighting the major shift in local citizens attitude toward the public space in the past ten years. Ten years ago, in 2008, the City of Helsinki discontinued its anti-graffiti project, Stop thryille (Stop the Scrawls). After the unconditionally negative public attitudes, the different forms of street art have received more favourable attention.The second part of the show consists of works of art that feature the public space and its utilisation as a place for art. The American group Guerrilla Girls presents an installation of posters and videos that illustrates their campaigns over the past few decades combating inequality in the art world and society at large. Urban Space Occupation Kit by Otto Karvonen will give audiences a chance to appropriate a space for themselves. The exhibition also includes works from the HAM collection by artists whose first visual inspiration was graffiti.HAM  6.4.2018-9.9.2018 Read more:Helsinki Art Museum, HAMA new piece of artwork for Baana 
Are you staying in Helsinki for Easter?MyHelsinki gatheredsome information on opening hours for sights, shops and restaurants during Easter 30.3.-2.4.According to traditional folk beliefs from the Ostrobothnia region of Northwest Finland, the witches that roamed the dark nights could be kept away by open fires and the pungent smell of smoke. On Easter Saturday 31 March bonfires are lit on the recreational island of Seurasaari to ward off the evil spirits, and dozens of children dressed up as witches and carrying coffee pots and brooms gather on the island.The traditional Via Crucis  Stages of the Cross procession takes place in the centre of Helsinki also on Easter Saturday 31.3. Based on medieval church traditions, the procession winds its way along the streets from Kaisaniemi Park past the House of the Estates and onwards to the steps of Helsinki Cathedral for the climax.While waiting for nature to wake from its slumber, you can visit the Winter Garden to admire the brilliant colours of the Easter lilies and tulips. Easter markets are another sure sign of the coming spring in Helsinki. Stalls appear all around town selling daffodils, tulips, saplings, design items, organic eggs, chocolates and jewellery.Most Helmet libraries are closed during Easter holidays. There are however some libraries open on Saturday 31st of March:Itkeskus, Kallio, Library 10, Pasila, Rikhardinkatu, Tl, VuosaariHealth Stations Health stations are closed on Easter between 30th March and 2nd April.Emergency servicesWhen local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services.Adults (over 16 years of age): Haartman Hospital and Emergency Room, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12, tel. 09 310 63231 and Malmi Hospital and Emergency Room, Talvelantie 6J, tel. 09 310 67204.ChildrenChildren's Hospital Emergency Clinic, Stenbckinkatu 11, tel. 09 87 10023.Emergency Dental CareEmergency dental care is provided from 30 March until 2 April 9 - 21 at Haartman Hospital, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12. Appointments can be booked 8 - 21 at 09 310 49999. Night emergency duty is at Tl hospital emergency department, Tlnkatu 40, tel. 09 471 87708. Please always make an appointment by phone before seeking treatment for Emergency Dental Care.24 h Telephone Health Service, Tel. 09 310 10023Information is provided about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call.Emergency Social Services and Crisis emergency support 24/7Emergency Social Services and Crisis emergency support serve 24/7 also during Easter. Emergency Social Services tel. 020 696 006 and Crisis emergency support tel. 09 310 44222.On Maundy Thursday 29 March, a Friday service will operate on public transport. On Good Friday, Easter Sunday and Easter Monday, a Sunday service will operate. On Holy Saturday, there will be additional services to Seurasaari on bus route 24S for the Easter bonfires at Seurasaari.
  The nature sites of the Helsinki metropolitan area can be visited on 134 nature tours this year. The tours have been compiled into a brochure  the Helsinki metropolitan nature tours calendar 2018. The tours will start with bird watching in April and end in OctoberNovember with hikes in the Nuuksio National Park and observing brown trout laying eggs at the Longinoja brook. The cities of the metropolitan area have organized free-of-charge, guided nature tours for metropolitan residents for more than 30 years.Helsinki metropolitan nature tours calendar 2018 (.pdf, in Finnish and Swedish)The Helsinki metropolitan nature tours calendar 2018 is in Finnish and Swedish.The Helsinki metropolitan nature is unbelievably versatile and surprising. The metropolitan area is home to splendid cultural and natural landscape with rich flora and fauna. The landscape hides many interesting stories.Spending time in nature is good for the mind and the body. Nature tours are also occasions to meet other people with similar interest in nature. Tours experienced together with others provide fine memories and a great deal of information about nature to be used on individual tours. Nature tours and park walks help new residents of the metropolitan area to familiarize themselves with their new home region.Helsinkis Vanhankaupunginlahti bay area has a newly completed accessible trail leading from Pornaistenniemi to Lammassaari. An accessible bird watching platform is under construction next to the bird watching tower. The trail will be officially opened on 31 May.Helsinkis nature sites can also be explored online with mobile and other devices at https://citynature.eu/en/helsinki/. The site, entitled Explore Helsinki Nature, includes a captivating nature video. Nature tours in Espoo, such as those in the Laajalahti bird wetland area, can now be joined by metro. Vantaa continues the citys theme year focusing on neighbourhood forests, see www.vantaa.fi/lhimetsvuosi (in Finnish). Special attention in Vantaa is paid this year to the citys marshland. The nature tours calendar also contains information on events targeting alien species.A total of 23,000 print copies of the Helsinki metropolitan nature tours calendar 2018 are now available from the customer service points of Espoo, Helsinki, Kauniainen and Vantaa, from nature centres and from the Virka-info information centre at the Helsinki City Hall (address Pohjoisesplanadi 1113). A PDF version is available online. City libraries will be distributing print copies from the beginning of April.
The guided tours are mainly in Finnish. Some tours are organized in Swedish, and one tour is in English. The tours are free of charge, but fees are charged for ferry rides. Some special tours require registration, but all others can be joined without registration. Anyone can join any tour regardless of their home city. Some tours are accessible. Participation requires no special fitness normal physical condition is sufficient.Read
At the beginning of April, HSL will introduce one of the world's first open retail interfaces for single tickets. The interface will be available to all operators interested in transport services. The interface will open on 2 April at http://sales-api.hsl.fi.At the same time, HSL will invite domestic and foreign transport service operators, and operators outside the transport sector, to create new services using the interface. HSL wants to support the MaaS and other third-party service development through its open data policy. We want to help develop versatile, innovative services that meet customers' needs. Our goal is to make our electronic information services and sales interface widely available to operators in Finland and abroad, says Mari Flink, Director of HSL's Customer Experience and Sales Department.HSL's open interface services include the journey planner service Reittiopas and HSL's real-time public transport vehicle location data.In addition, HSL will make its public transport mobile tickets available to all users via the OpenMaaS sales interface from 2 April. The ticket prices will be the same as on HSL's own Travel Card and mobile channels. The OpenMaaS interface will be further developed with the goal of adding day tickets by 31 May and season tickets by 30 November. Strong authentication of municipal residents will be required for the sale of subsidized season tickets.Use of the open interface services is free of charge, but requires registration and acceptance of the Terms of Use of HSL's open sales interface. Read more:Helsinki Region Transport, HSL
servicesWhen local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services. Adults (over 16 years of age)Haartman Hospital and Emergency Room, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12, tel. 09 310 63231 and Malmi Hospital and Emergency Room, Talvelantie 6J, tel. 09 310 67204. ChildrenChildren's Hospital Emergency Clinic, Stenbckinkatu 11, tel. 0987 10023. When local health stations are closed, residents of Helsinki with serious illnesses and in urgent need for care can also go to the Jorvi Hospital emergency room in Espoo, Turuntie 150, tel. 09 87 10023. Residents of Helsinki can also go the the Peijas Hospital emergency room in Vantaa, Sairaalakatu 1, Vantaa, tel. 09 471 67060.
Dental CareEmergency dental care is provided from 30 March until 2 April 9 - 21 at Haartman Hospital, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12. Appointments can be booked 8 - 21 at 09 310 49999. Night emergency duty is at Tl hospital emergency department, Tlnkatu 40, tel. 09 471 87708. Please call before seeking treatment for Emergency Dental Care.Emergency
Social Services and Crisis emergency support 24/7Emergency Social Services and Crisis emergency support serve 24/7 also during Easter. Emergency Social Services tel. 020696 006 and Crisis emergency support tel. 09310 44222. 
The city bikes will hit the streets of Helsinki on 3 April, and Espoo will have bikes starting 2 May. Registration for the whole season is open and you canbuy a day ora week pass starting 3 April.You can purchase access to city bikes for a day, week or the entire cycling season. All passes include an unlimited number of 30-minute bike rides. For a small extra fee, you can use the bike for longer, five hours at most. After use, the bike is returned to a bike station. Maximum cycling time is 5 hours. If you exceed 5 hours, an 80 delay fee will be charged.For a city bike user, a bicycle is always nearby: There are 150 city bike stations in Helsinki. Espoo currently has 70 stations, with 35 more to be added during the summer. Altogether you have a whopping 2,550 city bikes at your disposal.The city bike services of the two cities will operate in an integrated way. Customers register with one system and pay a season pass fee. The bikes can be used for rides between cities, from Espoo to Helsinki and vice versa. From May 2018, customers can return bikes at any city bike station in Helsinki or Espoo.You can register as a city bike user on the Helsinki Region Transport HSL city bikes webpage. You can also use a bike without registration by using a payment terminal, available at five stations: Kaivopuisto, Unioninkatu, Central Railway Station/East, Kiasma and Hakaniemi metro station. Read more:City bikes site an registrationCity bike registration now open - City bike season to begin in Helsinki on 3 April
  A touring cupola tent will bring contemporary circus to the courtyards, parks and plazas of Eastern Helsinki 314 June. The locations of the tour, featuring three different presentations, will be decided on the basis of proposals from residents.Vkev (powerful) is a solo contemporary circus performance by Sasu
Peistola, in which the audience can witness in close proximity what physical force is, what skills are and how it feels then the pendulum wave of a heavy metal ball is stopped using stomach muscles alone.Lyydia is a one-woman contemporary circus performance by Jenni
Lehtinen. This is a lyrical and aesthetically appealing presentation in which soft movements are balanced by strange and somewhat masculine circus equipment.Kulttuurikupoli(cultural cupola) is a series of short performances by circus artists Sasu Peistola and Jenni Lehtinen, Syrian clown Mohammad
The performances are free of charge. The Komsio Dome cupola tent accommodates a maximum audience of 30. The tent needs electricity. It takes a minimum space of 8 x 8 metres, and it is 5 metres high. There are no chairs for the audience inside the tent, and the audience are seated on pillows. The performances are meant for grownups and for young people aged 12 and older.The programme is organized by Cultural Centre Stoa and the contemporary circus association Agit-Cirk. Suggestions for performance locations, accompanied by brief arguments for the locations, should be sent no later than 11 May to monika.silander(at)hel.fi.
Helen has decided to build Finland's largest heat storage facility in the old oil caverns in Mustikkamaa for the storage of district heat. The heat storage facility will allow reduction in the use of fossil fuels.The investment decision on the Mustikkamaa cavern heat storage facility was approved by Helens Board of Directors in March. The value of the investment is about EUR 15 million, of which EUR 2.1 million will be met from the investment aid for new technology granted by the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Employment.The planning of the cavern heat storage facility has already been launched, procurement will start in the spring and construction work will begin in early 2019. The heat storage facility will be completed for production use in 2021.The three caverns located underground in Mustikkamaa have previously been used for storing heavy fuel oil. The oil stores were emptied and decommissioned already in 1999. Two of the connected caverns will now be converted into a heat storage facility.District heat will be stored in the caverns for use at another, more suitable time. On discharge, the heat can be utilised as such as district heat. The heat storage facility will provide flexibility to the energy system as it will balance variable heat consumption.- Thanks to the Mustikkamaa cavern heat storage facility, it will no longer be necessary to use and produce all heat at the same time. With the facility, it will be possible, for example, to avoid starting up separate oil- or gas-fired heating plants in the winter season, says unit head Juhani Aaltonen of Helen.- The use of fossil fuels in separate heat production will be reduced with the heat storage facility, and the use of renewable fuels and combined heat and power generation will be increased at the same time, Aaltonen continues.Read more:Helen
The City of Helsinki is a partner of Ultrahack, an event for the development of new digital solutions, arranged in May. The aim of the challenge in which the City participates is to find proposals for creating a customer journey aimed at event visitors.Ultrahack is an innovation contest where student teams, startups and corporations solve fresh challenges with the newest technologies. The idea of the challenge is to find event technology for transportation, marketing and the interaction between participants. The technology solutions may concern, for example, artificial intelligence, virtual reality and data platforms. The joint challenge of the cities of Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Tampere has already been published. The Ultrahack innovation contest is arranged in Helsinki on 1820 May 2018.Further reading:ChallengeUltrahackThe City's participation in the Ultrahack event is enabled by The European Regional Development Fund (ERDF). The six largest cities in Finland have a joint Six City Strategy (6Aika) for developing smarter and more open services. The aim is to create new know-how, business and jobs in Finland.
The theme of Helsinki Design Week 2018 is Trust, and the event invites people of the city, designers and visitors to trust themselves as well as each other and join the event in many ways.Helsinki Design Week is an open platform for active local residents as well as for international design professionals and design lovers. The event encourages everyone to see their urban surroundings with fresh eyes and create inspiring confluences and realizations.Are you planning to produce a design exhibition, a fashion show, a talk or a launch, or are you perhaps publishing a book, guiding a city tour, building a city installation, opening the doors of your studio, or managing a hackathon? Are you holding an event for children or a party that suits the theme? Apply to be a part of the official festival programme by completing the form by 31 May. The chosen events will be a part of the programme and gain exposure for festival marketing and communications.The community of event organizers is important to Helsinki Design Week. This year the eventintroduces a new way to participate: HDW Open Spaces.Helsinki Design Week challenges venue holders to take a different look at their environment. Are you based in a space that might actually be suitable for design event?Helsinki Design Weekwill combine urban spaces with the design event organizers in need of them.The biggest stock sale event in the Nordics begins the festival.High quality design products, affordable finds and an updated additional programme have made Design Market one of the most popular events of the festival. Apply quickly and mark your calendars for 89 September.The favourite of the entire family, Childrens Weekend, expands this year. HDW Childrens Design Week will still feature the Little Market, which invites vendors to Kattilahalli to sell their kids products. Additional events include workshops, a playground and a caf. The dates are 1516 September.Helsinki Design Weeks festival programme include 250 annual events, and the number of visitors in 2017 was 161,000.This years dates are 616 September 2018.Take part in making Helsinki Design Week! More details and the application forms Helsinki Design Week 2018
"Tram 8 will not run between the Opera and Jtksaari from Tuesday 3 April to 31 August due to improvement works on Mechelininkatu.The tram 8 will run only between the Opera and Arabia. Bus 8X will replace the tram between the Opera and Jtksaari. The tram will leave from and terminate at the ""Ooppera"" tram stop on Helsinginkatu. The tram will not serve the following stops: ""Tlntori"", ""Apollonkatu"", ""Caloniuksenkatu"", ""Perhonkatu"", ""Maria"", ""Itmerenkatu"", ""Ruoholahti(M)"", ""Lnsisatamankatu"", ""Crusellinsilta"" and ""Saukonpaasi"".Replacement bus 8X will use the route of tram 8 between Jtksaari and the Opera, with minor changes to the stop locations compared to tram stops. The stops served by the replacement bus are listed below.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport"
"Originating from Helsinki, Slush Tokyo is a leading international technology and startup event in Japan. It brings together over 6,000 technology professionals, 600 startups and 200 investors in Tokyo on 2829 March. The event is arranged for the fourth time.In Tokyo, there has been a lot of interest in Slush and the objective is to develop the local corporate culture in a more innovative direction. Slush Tokyo serves as a forum for new ideas and success stories and as a meeting place for technology professionals, investors and the international media. An active group of volunteers and entrepreneurs work as the local organisers of the event. This year, there was a record number of volunteer applicants, more than 600 persons.Among the Finnish companies participating in Slush Tokyo this year are ten ground-breaking startups from the fields of augmented reality and virtual reality. The expertise of the forerunners is on display at the event at Helsinki's and Business Finland's joint ""Coolest Tech Hub"" department.On 28 March, Business Finland is also arranging an event in connection to Slush Tokyo, which focuses on the utilisation of virtual expertise in the field of tourism. In addition to the City of Helsinki, the participants include a number of Finnish forerunner companies, such as ZOAN, which has created an interactive Virtual Helsinki modelling. Itcan be used to visit Helsinki with a virtual reality headset from faraway locations such as Japan.This year, Slush Tokyo's theme is ""Breaking Barriers"".The event focuses on financing and other challenges that startups experience. The discussions are concerned especially with equality and the worldwide corporate culture. The objective is to ensure that entrepreneurs can be successful in the future regardless of culture, language, gender, age or other characteristics.Slush's conquest of Asia started in 2015, when the first events were held in Tokyo and Beijing. Slush events have also been arranged in Singapore and Shanghai since 2016. During 2017, Slush arranged over 70 smaller startup events in Asia, in addition to the four annual main events.""In Asia, Slush is considered remarkable especially for its strong international bias. Our worldwide network helps startups with local growth, but also with the internationalisation"", says Slush President Alexander Pihlainen.The Slush Helsinki 2018 event is arranged on 45 December.InformationSlush TokyoSlush Helsinki "
The HSY collection vehicles tourstarats April 3rd.You can bring domestic hazardous waste (no pressure impregnated wood, explosives or asbestos), electric and electronic devices and scrap metal to the vehicles. Vehicles receive this type of waste free of charge. At the collection vehicle, please hand over your waste items only to a member of HSY staff. We will forward them for proper treatment.Read more:HSY
"The smart neighbourhood of Kalasatama in Helsinki won the first prize of its category in the international KNX Award contest. Kalasatama's smart real estate and housing automation and energy solutions participated in the contest along 40 other propositions. In total, almost 10,000 propositions were submitted to the contest.""The award is a great acknowledgement to the City of Helsinki in the field of smart city development. It shows how important roles the cities play as enablers of new markets. Requiring open standards and innovative terms for the conveyance of plots have worked in Kalasatama. In this way, the City can offer big enough test platforms for the testing and spreading of new sustainable solutions. In the best case, using a known standard helps new innovations spread around the world"", says Helsinki Deputy Mayor for the Urban Environment Anni Sinnemki.In Kalasatama, the KNX standard is used in the automatisation of the building services engineering. This means that the system steers the functions of the buildings, such as the heating, lighting and safety technology in a flexible and energy-efficient way.Kalasatama is becoming the world's most extensive integrated area that utilises a building services engineering standard. Currently, the standard is used by the Helen-delivered service Hima, through which the inhabitants can regulate the energy and water consumption and manage the electricity with a smartphone or a tablet computer. ""The introduction of a standard for an entire neighbourhood offers a possibility to develop and spread different kinds of energy and real estate automation solutions. Besides Hima, we hope that the companies utilise Kalasatama's KNX channel in imaginative ways for different kinds of housing and smart energy services"" says Forum Virium's Programme Manager Veera Mustonen.Earlier this year, the City of Helsinki and Kalasatama were awarded at Finland's KNX Contest, as the first city in Finland that has implemented terms for conveyance of plots relating to smart energy systems in Kalasatama. This has made it possible to develop the area as an entity into a true smart city neighbourhood.KNX Award Contest KNX solutions, thecity demands for automated solutions is the foundation for sustainablebuildings. Contestants KalasatamaSmart Kalasatama"
In the new edition of the City of Helsinkis international news bulletin Helsinki News, Deputy Mayor Anni Sinnemki asserts that the fundamental strength of Helsinki is the good everyday life that people can enjoy in the city. A high quality of urban life comes from all the aspects that make a city function well, she writes in her column.A well-functioning city is a safe city, says Matti Koskinen, Head of the City of Helsinki Safety and Preparedness Unit, who attributes the general safety of Helsinki to long-term efforts to build a well-balanced city. Perceived safety is high and has increased in Helsinki.One of the key makings of functional Helsinki is new solutions to moving smarter in the city. Helsinki advances smart mobility innovation by engaging users and by serving as a development platform. For example, Jtksaari is an urban test lab for smart mobility concepts, and driverless electric minibuses are about to go into pilot service on streets.Helsinki actively engages citizens in more ways to make the city a better place for all. A new tool to implement Helsinkis strategic plan for public participation is the Helsinki Participation Game, which steers the city staff to better engage citizens.A functional city embraces its global responsibilities: Helsinki has announced a detailed plan how to become carbon neutral by 2035.Helsinki News also presents Games Factory, a new game industry community scheduled to open at the Maria 01 tech startup hub in June 2018.Helsinki News 1/2018
A Helsinki expert group has completed a proposal for an action plan that outlines how the city can be rendered carbon neutral by 2035. Entitled Carbon Neutral Helsinki 2035, the plan details how to reduce energy consumption and how to increase on-site renewable energy generation in the city. The plan will be implemented side by side with a program to render the citys centralized energy production carbon neutral. In September 2017, Helsinki reset the citys target year for carbon neutrality to 2035, speeding up the goal by 15 years from the earlier target year 2050. An interim goal is to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 60% from 1990 to 2030.Carbon Neutral Helsinki 2035 contains 143 actions that enable Helsinki to reach the ambitious goals, says Esa Nikunen, Director General of Helsinki Environment Services.Helsinkis definition of carbon neutrality is to reduce greenhouse gas emissions generated within the city borders by 80% and to offset the rest.With the citys emission reduction programs launched so far, Helsinki has cut carbon dioxide emissions by 25% from 1990, that is, by 1,000 kilotons per year (kt/a) but needs to cut an additional 2,000 kt/a, in order to go down to targeted 700 kt/a, which will be offset. The population of Helsinki is estimated to grow from the current 640,000 to 780,000 by 2035.The biggest source of greenhouse gas emissions in Helsinki is heating. According to the action plan, the city can economically cut the heat energy consumption of buildings by one-fifth with increasingly ambitious energy-efficiency upgrades in the old building stock, stricter standards in new construction, heat recovery, and geothermal heating.The action plan details how electricity consumption in the city can remain at todays level, despite trends that increase consumption including electric vehicles. Solar power generated by buildings should be increased to cover one-sixth of the total electricity consumption of the city.According to the plan, Helsinki can reduce greenhouse gas emissions from transportation by 69% with the help of increased use of sustainable modes of transportation, regulation, and electric vehicles projected by represent 30% of the total fleet in 2035.Helsinki can achieve its goal in transportation, which is much stricter than the national goal, owing to the increasing density in our urban structure. Helsinki has excellent opportunities to promote public transportation, walking, and cycling, Nikunen says.The City of Helsinki-owned energy company Helen draws up a separate plan to become carbon neutral, removing coal from the companys energy palette. Today the companys combined district heat and power (CHP) process, which heats 90% of Helsinkis heated building stock, is half fueled by coal and one-third fueled by natural gas. By 2035, Helens renewable energy utilization should increase from the current 10% to 70%. Helen will also replace fossil fuels with smart energy solutions, such as energy recycling by utilization of waste heat by heat pumps.The Carbon Neutral Helsinki 2035 action plan, together with the effects of Helsinkis emission reduction programs launched so far, will represent 52% of the total cuts in the citys greenhouse gas emissions by 2035. Helens plan will represent 34%, and national actions and the impact of global warming to reduce heating needs will represent 14% of the total.The Carbon Neutral Helsinki 2035 action plan was co-written in an open process according to the Citys principles of transparency, with the help of workshops for civic organizations, stakeholders and researchers, and with all documents displayed online for comments.The final decisions on the action plan will be made by the Helsinki City Council.Helsinkis climate action: http://www.stadinilmasto.fi/en/
"A depot for the tramline Crown Bridges is planned to be built in Laajasalo. Housing units will also be built in connection to the depot. The winning entry in the architecture contest for this so-called hybrid depot was made by Anttinen Oiva Arkkitehdit Ltd. The winning proposal, called Scapes, consists of pentagonally shaped blocks of varying height. The building process will be commenced in the beginning of the 2020s.The tram depot and housing blocks will be built along Reposalmentie, near the services in the centre of Laajasalo, such as the new shopping centre planned to open in autumn 2018. The winning entry places the tram depot and the parking for the housing units under a deck. The edges of the blocks are framed with row houses built of dark brick. Every block has a higher tower-like multistorey apartment house with light plastered faades and glass walls. The sizes of the housing units vary from spacious studios to four-room apartments of more than 80 square metres. Life-cycle housing is also suggested. ""The tram depot will be placed under a deck so that only the entrances and exits can be seen. Similar depots have been built in Europe earlier on. The object is planned by specialists to ensure that the result will be functional and of high quality,"" says Project Manager Leena Mtsniemi from HKL.The contest entries were evaluated, among other things, according to how the solution takes the cityscape and architecture into account as well as how viable, cost effective and functional it is in traffic. ""The City is pleased with the high level of the competition. Scapes is a high-quality proposal worth developing more closely in the depot planning and detailed planning process. The City will later look for partners for the building process of the housing units. The aim is for the building process to begin in 2023 at its latest,"" says Pirjo Sirn, Chairperson of the jury and Project Manager at the Helsinki City Executive Office.""The proposal has a strong idea concerning the cityscape, which, in a nice way, is based on buildings of different sizes and garden spaces between them. A strong idea can withstand the specifications during the further planning without suffering damage,"" says Anu Kuutti, Team Manager at the Helsinki City Urban Environment Division. During the next few years, new housing units for about 6 000 new residents will be built in Laajasalo. The detailed planning of the housing units along the tramline is being done right now. The tram depot will be carried out according to the schedule planned for the tramline Crown Bridges. The tramline will take passengers from the centre via Kruunuvuorenranta to Laajasalo in 2026.The planning competition for the hybrid block in Laajasalo was organised by the City of Helsinki and the Helsinki City Transport municipal enterprise HKL. Three domestic bureaus as well as one foreign bureau with a Finnish partner bureau were invited to enter the competition.Crown Bridges"
The Ministry of Education and Culture and the City of Helsinki are working with the foundation for the Design Museum and the foundation for the Architecture Museum and the Architecture Information Centre to come up with realisation alternatives for a design and architecture museum complex in line with the highest international standards. The objective is to create guidelines for the renewal of the operations of the Design Museum and the Architecture Museum. The starting point is strengthening the role of the museums and the objective to increase the local, national and international impact and attractiveness. The project will identify the needs, strengths and possibilities of synergy of the museums. The objective is to create museum operations and a tourist destination offering diverse services for different kinds of audiences and co-operation networks. The main asset of the project are the museums and their unique collections and information resources of Finnish design and architecture, extensive experience of museum operations and expertise and co-operation networks. The Ministry of Education and Culture and the City of Helsinki have together with the museums also identified that a shared museum building may be an integral part of the solution. However, a new building does not, on its own, solve the development needs associated with the operations of the museums or constitute a high-quality attraction for the visitors in terms of international recognition and content.The study is managed by a project group, headed by CEO Tuomas Auvinen. The other members of the project group are Creative Director, Strategic Marketing Mirkku Kullberg and Innovator Ulla Ters. The study is monitored by a support group assigned by the Government, the City and the museums. The work on the study starts on 20 March 2018 and the project presents its final report by 15 June 2018.Design and architecture hold an essential role both in the construction of the Finnish identity and in the success of Finland and Helsinki. Through the development of the operating conditions and co-operation of the Design Museum and the Architecture Museum, it would be possible to increase the effectiveness and visibility of their operations. The success of the museums would improve the recognition, appeal and visibility of Finnish design and architecture, and increase the attractiveness of Helsinki and entire Finland. 
  The Helsinki City Board proposes to the City Council that the Bunkkeri property in Jtksaari be sold to SRV Construction Ltd and that the proposed agreements concerning sports facilities, a swimming hall and residences to be constructed in Bunkkeri by SVR be approved. The sale price would be 22.7 million euros.The total floor area of Bunkkeri (Bunker), built in 1972 as a cargo warehouse, is 38,800 square metres. The building can be converted into facilities housing public services for the residential community. The City Council chose SRV Construction Ltd (SRV Rakennus Oy) as the contractor for the Bunkkeri projects in May 2016, but the Helsinki Administrative Court repealed the decision in September 2017.In its decision, the Administrative Court considered that, although the sports facilities and swimming hall played a significant role in the Bunkkeri project, the main purpose of the project was a sale of real estate and residential building rights. According to the Municipal Act, the market value of the property should have been evaluated by an independent agent.
The progress of the Bunkkeri development has been delayed because of the legal proceedings, but needs for sports facilities and a swimming hall in the area continue to exist. It is estimated that the area will be home to approximately 17,000 residents by the mid-2020s. The sports facilities would serve the residents of the southern and western parts of Helsinki, as well as the new comprehensive school to be built in Jtksaari. The sports facilities are scheduled for completion in 2021 and the swimming hall in 2022. According to the project plan, the City would lease the sports facilities and swimming hall for 25 years. The total floor area of the homes to be built in Bunkkeri would be 20,500 square metres.According to the decision of the Helsinki Administrative Court, the best alterative for the implementation of the Bunkkeri projects was a real estate deal under private law. SRV Construction Ltd possesses the pre-conditions to continue project implementation on the basis of the bid approved earlier by the City of Helsinki. This allows the project to be completed without delay. The final decision on the sale of the Bunkkeri property and the approval of the related agreements will be made by the City Council.The City Board has decided to monitor the implementation of the Helsinki City Strategy with 49 criteria. 26 of the criteria are related to Securing Sustainable Growth and 16 to Developing Services. Responsible Management of Finances will be monitored with 7 criteria. Some of the criteria embrace the weakest and most vulnerable citizen groups, because attention to their concerns is of special importance in the implementation of the City Strategy.The criteria include 16 criteria to be developed. They will reflect the user experience and satisfaction of residents, customers and users divergence of areas mobility the functionality of the city structure employment-based immigration and digitalization. There have been no acceptable or unified ways to measure the above before, and there are no statistics or research to illustrate them.The criteria are used to monitor the key aspects of City operations and the City Strategy. The criteria are classified in accordance with the themes of the Strategy  that is, Securing Sustainable Growth, Developing Services, and Responsible Management of Finances. The aspects monitored at the field level include the functionality of the city structure, general safety and the appeal of the city, the wellbeing of children and young people, and prevention of social exclusion.The City Council decided, in conjunction with the approval of the City Strategy 20172021 in September 2017, that the implementation of the City Strategy should be monitored and evaluated as part of the annual audits of financial management and operations.
Helsinkis Building Control Services are moving to Kalasatama. From 21 March 2018 onwards, Building Control Services will operate out of new premises at the address Srnistenkatu 1.Building Control Services are closed due to moving between 16 and 20 March. During this period, Building Control Services will only conduct audits and meetings that have been agreed upon separately. Rectification claims can be submitted during office hours to the building manager at the lobby of Srnistenkatu 1.The new premises will cause changes in customer service arrangements. Negotiations and presentations must be arranged in advance. Those dropping off security deposits will also have to set up a meeting in advance with the permit secretary via e-mail or telephone (10:0012:00).
"The economy of Helsinki has been managed with perseverance and the City's economy is on a firm footing.The year 2017 in the economy of the City of Helsinki was more positive than what was expected in the budget. The City's operating margin was better than in the budget and the tax revenue grew more than what was anticipated in the budget. The interest payables were also less than in the budget. Thus, the annual contribution margin was 359 million better than in the budget and a little better than the previous year's level. ""Even in comparison to other large cities, Helsinki's investment level compared to the depreciations is significantly higher, which adds to the pressure for a good annual contribution in the upcoming years as well"", Mayor Jan"
"Vapaavuori sums up.Even though Helsinki's economy is currently in a stable position, the pending regional government, health and social services reform, if implemented, brings insecurity to the City's economic development and to its investment capacity in the medium-term. ""Helsinki is a strongly growing City. In 2017, Helsinki received more than 9,000 new inhabitants, which is the biggest annual figure since the 1960's. To enable sustainable growth, the City has to make investments in services, housing construction and city infrastructure. The investment capacity of the growing City must be ensured under all circumstances and this is also an essential issue in terms of the promotion of the City's interests"", says Mayor Jan Vapaavuori. Lively"
The number of housing units under construction in Helsinki has remained at the 7,000 units level for the third consecutive year, which means about 5,000 completed housing units per year. In 2017, licences were granted for the construction of 8,200 housing units. The City's investments without the investments by municipally owned companies were 546 million. Including the municipally owned companies, the investment expenditure was 621 million in 2017. The largest pre-construction objects were located in Kalasatama (30.4 million) and Lnsisatama (18.5 million).Good
The City's profit for the financial year was 483 million. The previous year's figure was 470 million.The annual contribution margin was 838 million. The annual contribution margin indicates the income financing left available for investments and loan instalments. The annual contribution margin was 359 million higher than anticipated in the budget. This was especially due to the tax revenue being better than anticipated. 
The grand total of the balance sheet was 14,497 million. This represented a growth of 248 million compared to the previous year.The equity ratio was 79.6 per cent. The equity ratio of the City has stayed above 75 per cent during the last few years, when the average goal in the municipal economy is 70 per cent.Growth
The tax revenue amounted to 3,380 million, which means that the total tax revenue was 247 million more than in the budget and that the tax revenue accrued was 5.5 per cent higher than a year earlier. The biggest growth occurred in the corporation tax revenue (+33 per cent compared to 2016), which can be explained by the increase in Helsinki's municipality-specific apportioned share, from 26.7 per cent in 2016 to 29.1 per cent in 2017. The national corporation tax accrual saw a positive development as well, for example thanks to the corporate acquisitions taking place during the 2016 fiscal year. The municipal tax revenue was 2,595 million (0.4 per cent growth) with the tax rate at 18.5 per cent. The corporation tax revenue was 528 million (33 per cent growth). The real estate tax accrual landed at 257 million (15,7 per cent growth)The state subsidies allocated to Helsinki were 220 million. The reduction in the state subsidies (-30.3 per cent from 2016) resulted especially from Kela taking over the social assistance administration and from the cuts to the state subsidies brought on by the Agreement on Competitiveness.
The City's loans amounted to 1,871 per capita, compared to 2,157 in the previous year. The loan stock at the end of 2017 was 1,206 million. The liquidity of the City at the end of the year was 99 days. The liquidity of the City also includes group subsidies' account funds deposited in the City's group account. The City's loan stock (loans from financial institutions and insurance institutions) decreased by 165 million.The Helsinki City Group's annual contribution margin for 2017 amounted to 1,393 million, which represented an improvement of about 88 million compared to 2016. The liquidity of the City Group at the end of the year was 76 days.The
City Council approves the financial statements in June.
The City Board processes the financial statements on Monday 19 March 2018, signs them and sends them over to the auditors. The City Council approves the financial statements at its meeting on 20 June 2018.Financial Statements (in Finnish only)
The initiative for the meeting comes from Tommi Laitio, Head of the City of Helsinki Cultural and Leisure Division. As a member of a minority myself, I want to be part of making Helsinki a workplace where its easy for everybody to speak about themselves and their families at the office coffee table, Laitio says.Surveys show that people feel better at work, are more committed to their employer and produce better results when they dont have to pretend at the workplace that theyre something that theyre not.I believe that a network of employees would encourage members of minorities, help the employer to conduct a more egalitarian human resource policy and help the City to improve services to residents who are members of sexual and gender minorities, Laitio says.The City of Helsinki seeks to promote egalitarian values and equality. The Citys goal is to create such a workplace in which everybody is appreciated and everybody feels that they can be their entire real self. We dont approve discrimination in any form, says Asta Enroos, Human Resources Manager at the City Executive Office.Participants would shape the network to mirror themselvesThe first meeting of the proposed network will be held on Thursday, 12 April, from 1719, at the auditorium of the Pasila Library, address Kellosilta 9.This informal meeting will be used to discuss the topic and to survey the participants interest in launching network activities.Laitio will open the meeting and talk about his own experiences as an employer.The network team, operating like a personnel club, would create professional networks, organize events and use their expertise to contribute to the City of Helsinki diversity and equality programmes.Welcome to the meeting are all City employees who are members of sexual and gender minorities as well as everybody keen to promote the cause. There is no registration.PROGRAMME 12 APRIL, 1719Opening words: Tommi Laitio, Head of the City of Helsinki Cultural and Leisure DivisionTommi Laitio, a member of the Helsinki City leadership group, was actively involved in a 2010 campaign (Kaikki muuttuu paremmaksi, All will be better), which brought forth experiences of members of sexual and gender minorities from their childhood and youth. Laitio has openly spoken about his homosexuality. In his opening words, Laitio will address his own experiences as a City of Helsinki employee and how LGBT questions are included the Helsinki City Strategy.Benefits of a diverse workplace: Hanna Kaustia, Programme Director, McKinsey & CompanyThe management consulting firm McKinsey & Company has for years explored the impact of diversity on organizational leadership, workplace wellbeing and productivity. Hanna Kaustia will present the results of McKinsey & Company studies on the benefits of diversity both to the employee and the employer.DiscussionThe meeting is meant to find out whether City of Helsinki employees are interested in establishing an LGTB network. The discussion will be used to explore the wishes of participants regarding the question and to recruit volunteers to launch the project.Video filming and editing: Ville Rty, Production company Kuutti Rocks OyContact for more information about the meeting:Human resources expert Susanna Puustinen, Helsinki City Executive Office, susanna.puustinen(at)hel.fiTommi Laitio speaks on the video about Helsinki as a workplace for sexual minorities. The soundtrack and subtitles are in Finnish.
The City of Helsinkis objective is to be one of Europes most captivating locations for innovative start-ups and the most attractive knowledge hub for companies and individuals wanting to make the world a better place to live in. In order to reach the goal, the area for the biggest start-up community in the Nordic countries, Maria 01, will be expanded into a unique cluster called Campus Maria. The aim is to build Europe's leading campus for start-ups, high-growth firms and technology companies in Helsinki.Currently about 130 companies and 700 staff members are operating at Maria 01. After the expansion and the completion of Campus Maria, the available square metres will grow from 10 000 to 80 000. The area can then house about 500 new companies and over 4 000 staff members. At the moment, Campus Maria is looking for a developer. There is an ongoing open call until 30 April.On social media#campusmariaMore informationCampus Maria 
  A new real-time air quality map produced for the Helsinki metropolitan area shows what kind of air youre breathing outdoors at your location. The map also forecasts how air quality will be changing over the next few hours. The map allows metropolitan residents to reduce their exposure to air pollution.The air quality map shows air quality in the entire Helsinki metropolitan area with higher accuracy than the service available so far. The map shows both the current air quality and a forecast for air quality over the next few hours, allowing map users to check air quality, for example, in the vicinity of their homes and on their way to work.
The map can be downloaded onto smartphones at hsy.fi/ilmanlaatukartta (note, the page is in Finnish). With the map on their smartphones, residents can conveniently check the local air quality when moving about in the area. The map on hsy.fi/ilmanlaatukartta shows an air quality forecast for the next 12 hours. The forecast can be used, for example, to choose a cycling route for a commute by bicycle, says the service provider Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority (HSY).
The air quality map visualizes data produced by a model developed by the Finnish Meteorological Institute. The model utilizes air quality measurements and integrates them with weather data, geospatial data, traffic volumes, air pollution carried over long distances and estimates of emissions from wood burning.The real-time air quality model integrates air quality measurements with land use and weather data. In addition, the model utilizes the traditional analysis of air pollutant distribution. The model can be used to produce air quality data hour by hour with an accuracy of 12 x 12 metres, the Finnish Meteorological Institute reports.Residents can utilize the new air quality map to reduce exposure to air pollutants. Residents particularly vulnerable to air pollutants include those with respiratory and cardiovascular diseases, the elderly and young children, the HSY air quality unit states.In addition to the new air quality map, HSY still maintains a real-time air quality map based on air quality measurements at measuring sites. The map is available here.The air quality map will be developed further, as conditions like street dust present challenges to modelling. The most accurate data available for modelling is the data on exhaust gases from vehicles, but data on street dust and wood burning are less accurate. Thus the map may in some cases indicate markedly better or worse local air quality than the actual air quality. Residents are encouraged to give feedback based on their user experience from the map. The feedback will be used to develop the air quality map further.The air quality map has been developed in projects coordinated by the Finnish Meteorological Institute. Project members include HSY, the Haaga-Helia University of Applied Sciences, the University of Helsinki and Tampere University of Technology.Read
The Nordic Noir crime drama series Deadwind was filmed in Helsinki over a year ago and is now going to be distributed internationally. The City of Helsinki helped the production team of the series with picking out locations for filming, reaching the locations and getting the licences needed without complications.Deadwind portrays Helsinki as a city with interesting contrasts and a certain urban roughness combined with the turn of the seasons as well as the proximity to the sea and nature. The frozen sea and the city in its wintery landscape provides an exotic atmosphere for the series, especially with the international audience in mind.Nordic TV series have been on the rise for some time already. Deadwind, too, has been sold for distribution in countries like France and Germany.For some time, the City Of Helsinki has endeavoured to enable the production of movies and TV series in the city, since there is a great deal of potential in them. The City has employees who are informed about the matter, and who provide assistance for production teams in finding filming locations as well as in acquiring licences without complications.High-quality productions also increase the audience's interest in the country or city functioning as the filming location. Because of this, productions that are filmed in Helsinki and distributed internationally have a significant role also as one of the segments in the City's tourism marketing. Movies and TV series reach the kind of audiences not necessarily reachable through traditional marketing. At the same time, the recognition of Helsinki as a potential filming location for big international productions is increased. Helsinki is an excellent example of a big functional, safe and equal city. The audio-visual industry is of importance to the City in other ways as well. According to estimates, about 70 percent of the budget of TV or movie productions goes to local labour costs. In other words, big productions also influence local employment. Business Finland launched production incentives for the audio-visual industry last year. Through the system, production companies can be reimbursed for some of the costs used for wages and service purchases in Finland. The incentive compensates for 25 percent of the generated costs. Corresponding systems are used widely all over the world, for example in 20 countries in Europe alone.So far, 12 episodes of Deadwind have been shot. The show airs in Finland on Yle TV 2 as of 14 March. Deadwind is produced by Dionysos Films and Yle.Yle Areena  DeadwindMore informationSenior Advisor Taina Seitsara, Economic Development unit of the City of Helsinki, Competitiveness and International Relations, taina.seitsara(at)hel.fi Business Finland's production incentive for the audio-visual industry
The recognised International Mobile Gaming Awards organisation (IMGA) brings its competition jury to Helsinki on 1213 March. For Helsinki, participation in the hosting of the IMGA event is one way of increasing the recognition and attractiveness of the City among professionals in the international game industry. The Helsinki Games Factory, due to open in spring, will become a game industry vantage point located in connection to the Maria 01 startup cluster. The IMGA Global Judging Sessions event is arranged in Helsinki, in the premises of Mothership of Work. The IMGA jury includes representatives from the likes of Baidu, Google, Supercell and VentureBeat. During the event entity arranged in Helsinki, the jury will choose the 2018 mobile game winners, who will be announced at the Closing Party in San Francisco on 20 March, in connection to the Game Developers Conference (GDC) event.The IMGA event in Helsinki provides a networking opportunity to the representatives of the Chinese game delegation, Helsinki-based game industry players and the members of the jury.After two jury days on 14 march, IMGA and MyGamez organise the China Game Day seminar, which offers information to Finnish game industry startups about the game industry in China.The Finnish game industry consists of around 250 companies, of which 42 per cent are based in the Helsinki region. Later this spring, a game industry cluster called Helsinki Games Factory will open in connection to the Maria 01 startup cluster. It will also serve as an event and showroom premise for the game industry. The purpose of Games Factory is to develop the game industry in Helsinki, support the growth of game companies and the creation of new companies in the field and increase the recognition and attractiveness of it among top professionals. Game Factory has more than 2,000 floor square metres of premises, which can accommodate 200 game industry professionals and 1520 companies in the field, for which there is an ongoing open call. Helsinki Games Factory has received funding for 2018 from the City of Helsinki's innovation fund. More information
  A dense concentration of construction cranes signals a vast development underway just three kilometres from the Helsinki city centre: the Pasila area is developing into a strong urban community to be completed in stages by 2040.The cranes mark the construction yards of Central Pasila, which will soon be joined by more construction elsewhere in Pasila. Next year development will get underway in Ilmala to the north of Central Pasila. Ilmala will have one-third of the 50,000 jobs and half of the housing for 30,000 of the future Pasila.To most people in Helsinki, Ilmala has been known as the home base of the Finnish national broadcasting company Yle and the commercial Finnish broadcasting company MTV. Commuters are well familiar with the Ilmala train stop, but the vast majority of them only pass it by. However, the area has already attracted the interest of business, although the grand plan for Ilmala is still only on paper.
The location of Ilmala is excellent, no matter what direction you come from, says Niina Puumalainen, the Pasila project manager at the Helsinki Urban Environment Division, underscoring the key strength of Ilmala.The city centre is only 7 minutes away and the airport is 20 minutes away by train. In the future, a tram line will be extended to the heart of Ilmala. Pedestrians and cyclists will be served by efficient routes. Central Pasilas emerging Tripla commercial complex with its services and transport hub will be within a short walk.The Finnish headquarters of the European engineering consultancy company Sweco relocated to Ilmala two years ago, focusing their operations scattered around the Helsinki metropolitan area into three adaptable buildings specifically designed for Sweco. Company representatives confirm that the main reasons for Sweco to choose Ilmala were the location and the easy reach by any mode of transport.Newcomers in Ilmala include the construction company Hartela, which is also actively building the area. Ilmala will be a dynamic city district closely linked with the Helsinki city centre, asserts Hartela sales director Anniina Saari.Hartela shares a new building with Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority HSY. The latter has focused operations from five locations to Ilmala. The building is an almost zero-energy building, so it is well in line with HSYs environmental values and operations.Other newcomers in Ilmala include Danske Bank and the Swedish energy company Vattenfall. The Finnish railway company VR will move to the former Yle headquarters building in spring 2018.Yle will not only retain its prominent presence in Ilmala but aims to strengthen it further. The company plans to build its Ilmala site into an international media campus, also known as Ilmala Studios. The studios would serve a variety of production companies besides Yle.The previously closed Yle business park is now open, and the adjacent areas are planned for diverse activity.As the area develops, there will be demand for cafs, restaurants and other services. The ideas for the area include a cultural and events venue easy to reach from the Ilmala train station, says the Ilmala planning team leader Dan Mollgren.Systematic development of Ilmala will begin from the northern section of the area. Several housing blocks will be started at the same time by the autumn of 2019.
According to Helsinkis planning principles, housing will be mixed with office and commercial buildings. Half of the new homes will be close to the Ilmala train station.
The Ilmala residential sites will be urban, marked by high density, but differences in apartment building heights will create variance. The housing types will be mixed to create balanced neighbourhoods. In addition to owner-occupied homes, there will be rental homes, Hitas homes (price and quality controlled owner-occupied homes) and part-ownership homes. Families will be served by playgrounds in courtyards surrounded by buildings.The Helsinki Central Park bordering Ilmala offers a variety of sports and outdoor opportunities in the parks magnificent forest nature.
  The City of Helsinki Service Centre saved nearly 1,550,000 kilometres in travel and reduced greenhouse gas emissions from transport by a corresponding amount in 2017, as a result of the operations of the transport service for the elderly and disabled, Helsingin Matkapalvelu, and virtual care services.Applying a ride-sharing policy, the transport service seeks to combine rides for customers travelling in the same direction. Last year, ride sharing saved more than 430,000 kilometres in travel.A virtual care nurse does not drive to customers homes but cares for customers virtually through services consisting of video- and audio-transmitted remote care. Virtual care enables the nurse to care for more customers during a workday, and needs to drive are reduced remarkably. The reduction in kilometres driven was more than a million last year.Shared rides and virtual care services reduced driving by nearly 200,000 kilometres from 2016 to 2017. The savings were partially due to an increase in the number of customers and remote contacts of virtual care services.The City of Helsinki Service Centre, responsible for the central ride booking service of Helsingin Matkapalvelu and for virtual care services, is committed to environmentally responsible operations in providing services. The goal is to reduce trips and travel between places. As a result, fuel consumption and emissions go down.Service Centre was granted an EcoCompass certificate last year. The environmental certificate covers all operations of the nearly 600 locations of Service Centre.Read
The City of Helsinki is preparing a maritime strategy that aims to improve the accessibility of the citys marine sites and the services of the archipelago as well as to promote seaside events. Residents, entrepreneurs and others have a chance to share their ideas on the development of seaside Helsinki until 15 March.According to the citys strategy, Helsinkis maritime location is part of its fundamental nature and appearance. The future goal is to better take advantage of the seaside location as an attraction factor. The goal will be reached by opening the nearby archipelago to the public and by promoting maritime tourism and developing possibilities for recreation. A new international biennial for contemporary art, taking advantage of the archipelago, will be arranged for the first time in Helsinki in 2020.The aims of the current strategy are to improve the accessibility of the citys marine sites and the services of the archipelago and to promote seaside events. Now everyone who produces or employs Helsinkis maritime services has a chance to participate and share their ideas, as background for the development work.Share your idea on the web page for Seaside Helsinki by 15 March!More informationWeb page for ideas on Seaside Helsinki The Most Functional City in the World - The Helsinki City Strategy 20172021
  The Helsinki City Boards Economic Development Sub-committee has reserved sites for a floating pool and a sports centre planned for the bottom of the Ahdinallas sea basin in Jtksaari. The site reservations were made at the sub-committee meeting of February 28, 2018. Plans for the floating pool include a water park, a sauna, a ball sports court and a stage. The sports centre to be housed in a new building would contain diverse sports facilities including a surf simulator and an indoor sand court for beach volleyball.The site reservation for the planning of the floating pool was made to Bluet Oy Ltd, which was involved in the development of Allas Sea Pool in Katajanokka. The site reservation for the sports centre was made to Surf Beach Helsinki Oy. The enterprises are requested to present viable plans for the projects by the end of 2019 at the latest.In addition, the Economic Development Sub-committee extended the site reservation made to Peab Invest Oy for an office building planned for Pitjnmki.The sub-committee appointed the advisory board for the collaboration of the City of Helsinki and the University of Helsinki on a temporary basis. The advisory board is tasked to develop and to coordinate the collaboration. In recent years, the advisory board, first appointed in 1987, has focused on entrepreneurship, multiculturalism, the general appeal of the city and the university, research and development, and matters related to the development of the university campuses.The sub-committee decided not to finance two projects from the City of Helsinki Innovation Fund and transferred funds unused in 2017, totalling no more than 135,900 euros, to be used in 2018 for the Digitalents Helsinki project, the Varaamo project (a service that enables citizens to reserve public spaces and equipment for their uses) and the Jtksaari Smart Mobility Lab project.The sub-committee closed the meeting with presentations on the operations of Forum Virium Helsinki Oy, Helsinki Marketing Ltd and Helsinki Business Hub Ltd Oy. The Economic Development Sub-committee will hold its next meeting on Monday, 19 March 2018.Background information
The Helsinki City Boards Economic Development Sub-committee is a strategic body in the Helsinki city administration that defines broad guidelines and plays an important role in steering the Citys economic development policy. The Economic Development Sub-committee is chaired by Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.City
Boards Economic Development Sub-committee
"Maria 01 has grown into the largest startup cluster in the Nordic countries, to which there are more arrivals than it can accommodate. The backgrounds of those active at the campus form an integral part of Maria's operations: the new companies are accompanied by corporate partners and investors.The old hospital building, designed by Lars Sonck in the first half of the 20th century, became a startup home base in a couple of years, and since the summer, an increasing number of established large companies have started in the area.""We had such a good slogan that we did not have to change it at Maria either"", smiles crane company Konecranes' startup coordinator Jussi Eskelinen , referring to the words Lifting Businesses. The company offers industrial material handling solutions and services. The slogan is clearly visible in the company's poster next to Eskelinen's desk.Konecranes' Jussi Eskelinen works one or two days a week at Maria 01.We are on the first floor of the main building, in the open space for corporate partners. Konecranes' neighbours are, for example, Telia and consulting company Accenture.Eskelinen works one or two days per week at Maria and during those days, he meets with entrepreneurs in the area. As an industrial company, Konecranes has attracted attention in the area and Eskelinen is used to telling why the company has come to Maria.""Digitalisation changes all fields, including our operations. Solving problems through digital technologies requires special know-how, which can often be found in startups.""As Maria has become an important startup cluster, it is natural that Konecranes is present and creating cooperation opportunities.""This year, we do not yet limit ourselves to specific technologies or fields. Instead, we aim to recognise the biggest potentials of startup cooperation. We are actively looking for and open in our attitude towards commercial opportunities with startups. This applies to Finland, but to the other Nordic countries and to global opportunities as well.""""At Maria, there are many companies with whom we could cooperate. These are companies such as Selko, which develops an application for analysing requirement specification, and Logent, which develops transportation management optimisation.""The thoughts of new entrepreneurs were also taken into consideration in the planning of the Konecranes Reach Program, which was just published. Startups selected through the program are invited to pitch at Maria in April, when there will be decision-makers from Konecranes present. The aim is to find new business opportunities and solutions, which are beneficial to Konecranes' customers or its own operations.""We have been collaborating with startups for a good while now. When Maria 01 started, it was evident that we wanted to be a part of it. This is a central place in the world of startups"", confirms Mika Raitola, Innovation Manager at Telia.The company wants to develop its business activities with its partners and bring in small budding tech enterprises as well. At Maria, Telia wants to network especially with those interested in developing 5G, or the fifth generation network.""We have promised to bring the 5G network to Helsinki, one way or another, during the present year. For that we are looking for services here at Maria"", tells Raitola.Telia's Mika Raitola thinks that Maria's enterprises are tremendously diverse.Raitola has been at Maria 01 for a couple of months, but he is already convinced that joining was worth it. The place is known and its location is comfortably in the middle of everything.Among the entrepreneurs in the area, there are many interesting ones with whom it is possible to develop a fast network.""Maria's enterprises are remarkably diverse and many are astonishingly technical. The operations of some of them are connected to, for example, food or mindfulness.""Finding the right partners requires footwork, including numerous meetings and arrangements for joint events. Getting acquainted and keeping in touch with each other has been made easier by the contact channels in the area. When a Chinese investor group visited Maria 01 in February, the place initiated a lively discussion and cheerful moods. The idea to bring a mix of startups, large companies and investors into an old hospital building was quite brilliant.Startup Maria CEO Voitto Kangas confirms that Maria has raised a lot of interest. Visit requests are flowing in, sometimes almost in excess. Startups looking to establish themselves in the area face a rigorous screening. Nowadays, the campus has 85 new companies, about 10 investors and 7 corporate partners.Kangas says that the established companies have deemed it a good idea to develop their business activities in the middle of the startup cluster. Startup Maria CEO Voitto Kangas tells that more space is needed in the Maria 01 area for the R&D teams of large companies and for foreign newcomers. Small and large have nicely found each other. Part of the corporate partners have organised their own accelerator programmes for new collaborations.Finding a partner is obviously beneficial to all. Established companies want to develop their business activities and the beginners hope to connect with the larger ones and find, for example, a sales channel for their own products or services.Kangas has noticed that one significant theme in the cooperation between the small ones and the large ones is the established companies' huge software systems, which may comprise hundreds of programs. The companies want to make the management of them more sensible.Startups are also in demand when companies want to try a new business model without having to risk their established business.The Maria area is about to be expanded into a centre, which would be the leading startup and tech centre in Europe, Campus Maria. The number of floor square metres will be increased to 80,000, when the current figure is 10,000 floor square metres. Over the next couple of years, another 10,000 floor square metres of renovated premises will be taken into use.When all the old hospital premises in the Maria area are in use, there will be room for up to 300 companies.""We have not been able to accommodate the R&D teams of larges companies. We also need more space for foreign newcomers"", tells Kangas.Planned in the southern part of the area are new buildings of 40,00060,000 floor square metres. The area will be replanned and a developer will be assigned to take care of the building of it. The developer should join before the land-use planning, so that new ideas can be taken into consideration in the plan.The intent is that the construction of the larger Maria can start in 2020.Background information- The Maria 01 startup campus was opened in August 2016, after which it has grown into the biggest growth company community and premises in the Nordic countries.- The aim is to promote the business development of new companies and create a joint meeting place. - There are approximately 700 people working in the area and more than 20 tech events arranged monthly.- The area is expanding and when it is completed in 2023, it will comprise 80,000 floor square metres. At that moment, there are some 4,000 people working in the area.Social media#maria01#campusmariaFurther readingMaria 01Campus MariaOriginal text (in Finnish): Kirsi Riipinen Photos: Ilkka Ranta-aho"
  Helsinki succeeded in attracting more congress visitors in 2017 than in any year previously. The number of international association meetings increased by almost a third compared to 2016. Helsinki is currently the most popular congress city in the entire Nordic region.Helsinki enjoyed a record tourism year in 2017, which is reflected also in the number of congresses that were organised in the Finnish capital. According to the latest statistics, Helsinki hosted a total of 367 international association meetings that were attended by almost 72,000 congress visitors last year. The number of both congresses and congress visitors in 2017 far exceeded the figures we achieved in previous years. Our previous record was set in 2016, when we had around 61,000 congress visitors, so 2017 really was an outstanding year, says Ines Antti-Poika, Convention Director at Helsinki Marketing.
Tourism in the Finnish capital is currently growing faster than in neighbouring capital cities, and as a congress city too Helsinki is more popular than any of the other Nordic cities. Congress organisers have exceeded even their own expectations regarding the number of attendees. For example, originally 3000 people were expected to attend the World Glaucoma Congress, whereas the actual figure was 3500. The European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology in turn was attended by no less than 8100 delegates,Antti-Poika adds.Attracting international conventions to Helsinki requires long-term work, and the competition in the industry is tough. According to the latest Union of International Associations (UIA) statistics, Helsinki is ranked 15th as a congress city and ahead of such cities as Stockholm and Copenhagen.  Helsinki is recognised worldwide as a reliable and functional city. We have already confirmed dozens of congresses for the next couple of years. Attracting major events to Helsinki takes years of work, but organisers of smaller congresses may decide at shorter notice. Our advantages include the quality of our services and our close cooperation with local actors, Antti-Poika continues.Helsinki is a forerunner in the congress industry also in terms of sustainable development. The Global Destination Sustainability Index measures the environmental deeds of cities and the performance of their local convention bureaus, in our case Helsinki Marketing, as well as the commitment of service providers to sustainability. According to the latest GDS rankings Helsinki is ranked in 6th position. Helsinkis international congress marketing is the responsibility of Helsinki Marketing, which cooperates with numerous local actors. For example, a two-year pilot project initiated together with the University of Helsinki is looking to attract the attention of the international scientific community in particular. The aim is to enhance both the reputation of the University of Helsinki and awareness about Helsinki as an attractive congress city and innovation platform.Helsinki is working hard to stand out from the competition by developing digital tourism services. A new website, MyHelsinki.fi, now serves visitors in six languages. In addition, a new Helsinki mini program for Chinese visitors is now available and Helsinki will continue to work closely with Chinese internet service giant Tencent to further develop the application.Read moremyhelsinki.fivisithelsinki.fiPress Release
The City of Helsinki is preparing a strategy for seaside Helsinki. Helsinkis seaside location is part of its fundamental nature and appearance. This dimension has not been sufficiently utilized as an attraction factor for the city. The aims of the strategy are to improve the accessibility of the citys marine sites and the services of the archipelago as well as to promote seaside events.How could we make the archipelago more accessible and improve its services? How could we promote seaside events? Tell your ideas by 15.3. on this websiteBackground informationThe Most Functional City in the World: Helsinki City Strategy 20172021
Helen is exploring various options of building new bioenergy heating plants in Helsinki. At this stage, the objective is only to find out whether the Tattarisuo area is suitable for producing heat with biofuels. A public presentation meeting on the project will be held in the Puistola Comprehensive School in March.Distributed heat production is needed in different areas of Helsinki in order to safeguard heat supply that is as undisturbed as possible for our customers in all parts of the city. The current plans for exploring various alternatives include areas in Vuosaari, Patola and Tattarisuo.The new bioenergy heating plants will replace coal use and ensure sufficient district heat supplies. The new bioenergy heating plants will not be built all at the same time, but their implementation will be carried out in phases so that the first of the heating plants to be implemented will be in production use by 2024 at the latest.A wood chip heating plant with a district heat output of 130 MW is being planned for Tattarisuo. The plant would be slightly larger than Helens recently completed Salmisaari pellet-fired heating plant. In addition to wood chips, we are exploring the possibility of utilising recycled fuels, such as fuel produced from fractions containing clean plastics, wood and cardboard, as well as demolition wood.Tattarisuo is an excellent location for a heating plant as there are a lot of district heating customers in North Helsinki, but for the time being there is only little energy production. There are also plans to build more residential housing in the area. Heating for the city centre can also be secured from the district due to its good distribution connections.The environmental impact assessment of the Tattarisuo bioenergy heating plant has been launched. The assessment aims to promote the observance of environmental impacts already in the planning stage and to increase the provision of information to citizens and their opportunities to participate in the planning of the project. The environmental impact assessment will generate information for the purpose of decision-making and the licensing process concerning the project.The environmental impact assessment report on the Tattarisuo bioenergy heating plant will be completed in late summer 2018.The project presentation will be held on Tuesday, 13 March 2018 at the Puistola Comprehensive School (Koudantie 2) at 18.00  20.00.The presentation is open for everyone and no advance registration is needed. Helen is making significant investments in renewable energy and in replacing coal: in 2017 these investments amounted to EUR 30 million. A new wood pellet heating plant was completed in Salmisaari this year. The plant can produce heat for 25,000 one-bedroom apartments or a town the size of Savonlinna. Surplus heat will also be recovered to an increasing degree when the new Esplanade heating and cooling plant will be commissioned in spring 2018. The amount of surplus heat recovered with the new heat pumps is 15 MW.Facts:Read moreHelen
The Helsinki City Board has approved an appropriation of nearly one million euros for youth summer jobs. The appropriation allows a summer maintenance and cleaning project of the City of Helsinki to hire 325 young people for periods ranging from three weeks to two months.The Culture and Leisure Divisions sports services will be handling the maintenance and cleaning of public recreational sites, camping sites and outdoor sports sites during the summer of 2018. The division can give summer jobs to 198 young people with their budget of 480,420 euros for the purpose. The construction and maintenance services provider Stara can hire 127 young people with their budget of 453,496 euros. Stara is responsible for the cleaning and tidiness of parks and recreational forests as well as for the maintenance and cleaning of other public green areas, streets and parks.Summer jobsThe City Board is in favour of a proposed reform of foreign language training for children, including a proposal to start the studies of the first and second foreign languages (A1 and A2 languages) in lower grades. Children in Helsinki will start their A1 foreign language studies in first grade from the autumn of 2018 onwards.Helsinki makes a statement in favour of a proposal to strengthen foreign language studies in early childhood education. The City is of the opinion that foreign language learning is the more effective the earlier the studies begin. Helsinki is also in favour of a proposal to integrate an oral language skills test with the Matriculation Examination as part of the foreign language examinations and the examination of the second domestic language (Swedish or Finnish).Helsinki considers international degree programmes and international schools to be important. The City considers that these programmes and schools should be developed and increased, also by including first-language studies as an addition to the comprehensive school curriculum. The students first language is of primary importance in all learning and with regard to growth, development and the formulation of the students identity.The City Board makes a second statement to the Ministry of Education and Culture, concerning a proposed draft for a new law on general upper secondary education and revisions to the law on the organization of the Matriculation Examination. The City Board is of the opinion that the timetable of the reform is unnecessarily tight. A revision of the scope of the subjects studied in general upper secondary schools was only started in the autumn of 2017, and the results of the revision can only be seen by 2020. Changes to general upper secondary education will have an impact lasting for decades, and therefore a long-term approach with the reform is recommended.
The Six City Strategy (6Aika) has been chosen to represent Finland for the EU Cohesion Policys 30th anniversary year. The selection will bring plenty of international visibility to the joint strategy of the six cities and its projects. The Six City Strategy will be Finlands only representative in a campaign by the EU Commission where the top projects from EU member countries are highlighted through different communication activities. The Six City Strategy is implemented via projects. The current pilot project portfolio ranges from smart mobility, circular economy, health and well-being and the gaming industry to the education sector as well as to several employment projects.In addition to these, the strategy has furthered Finnish smart city development via three large-scale spearhead projects: Open Data and Interfaces spearhead project, Open Participation and Customership spearhead project and Open Innovation Platforms spearhead project. The Six City Strategy is part of Finlands structural funds programme for sustainable growth and jobs 20142020. It also contributes to the EU agenda for sustainable urban development. The strategy is funded by European Regional Development Fund, European Social Fund, the Finnish Government and the participating cities.Cohesion Policy is the EUs regional and structural policy. It aims to strengthen economic and social cohesion by reducing disparities in the level of development between regions in Europe. In the programming period of 2014-2020, the financing for Cohesion Policy is 351,8 billion euros which is approximately a third of the EUs budget. Cohesion Policy is delivered through three main funds: European Regional Development Fund (ERDF), European Social Fund (ESF) and Cohesion Fund. These funds are an important source of investment for actions which support employment, innovation, education, social inclusion and the shift towards a low-carbon economy. More information6Aika
  Even though the ice on the shores is thick enough for outdoor activities, there are floes and cracks in the ice around the South Harbour and other harbours due to boat and ship traffic. Entering the ice is hence strongly advised against.A working vessel is situated off the Harakka island, which is why the ice on the shore against Kaivopuisto, for example between Mattolaituri and Ursula is weak. Do not enter the ice!Uunisaari can be accessed safely via the pontoon platform.
The spring joint application to vocational and general upper secondary education is now open. The application period closes at 15:00 on 13 March. City of Helsinki general upper secondary schools and Helsinki Vocational College (Stadin ammattiopisto) make available more than 6,000 places in secondary education. The City of Helsinki fulfills the requirement of the national Training Guarantee and ensures that all young people have a place in further education or training at the end of their comprehensive school education. No less than 60 percent of those finishing their comprehensive school education in Helsinki in 2018 are guaranteed placement in general upper secondary education and 40 percent in vocational secondary education.Helsinki Vocational College (Stadin ammattiopisto) offers 27 degrees. Some of the degrees are new, such as nature and environmental studies and visual presentation studies beginning in August. The college is also ideal for athletes, as it allows flexible combinations of sports and studies. The college also offers a double degree combining general upper secondary studies and vocational studies. The number of places in secondary education offered by the college is approximately 3,300.
All 15 general upper secondary schools of the City of Helsinki allow students to focus on some studies, and there is a wide range of alternatives. The Vuosaari Upper Secondary School and the Helsinki Upper Secondary School of Languages will both have a new focus in August: Vuosaari will focus on music and technology, and the School of Languages will have an added focus on international studies as well as languages. All general upper secondary schools offer a wide range of options, which are complemented with campus activities. Students can take courses at all schools on the same campus.Schools marked with * have a national special focus
Gymnasiet Lrkan (a Swedish-language upper secondary school): mediespr, matematiskt-naturvetenskapligt spr, globalt spar (media studies, mathematical and natural science studies, global studies)Helsinki Upper Secondary School for Adults provides various levels of comprehensive school studies for adults and general upper secondary studies for adults.
All institutions of secondary education should be applied to on the Studyinfo website at www.opintopolku.fi. Studyinfo contains information on education, degrees and educational institutions, and it includes links to the websites of the educational institutions.
readers during the year.Launched at the beginning of 2016, Helsinki Marketings residence programme is open to social media influencers and freelance journalists all over the world. Selected residents get to stay in Helsinki from 3 to 6 nights and create their own programme. They are also encouraged to report on their experiences however they like. Over the past two years, the residence atAallonkoti Hotel
Apartmentshas hosted a total of 161 residents from 20 countries.I appreciate the time you've taken to put together an experience with robust possibilities, and yet one in which each guest has the freedom to make it his or her own, saysPatrick
Janelle(@aguynamedpatrick).Based on their writings, the residents have been inspired by such themes as Finnish fashion, food, design, architecture, nature, events, science and education, as well as getting to meet the locals. The twin city idea and daytrips to the Estonian capital Tallinn have also been popular themes.Samples of these stories are featured on the
  #MyHelsinkiResidence website along with the six latest Instagram posts. The website also provides further information about the residence programme.Helsinki is a bright and attractive city that clearly interests social media influencers and their followers. We will be continuing the programme throughout 2018, and we look forward to receiving applications from a diverse range of social media influencers and freelance journalists alike. Stories about Helsinki are now more interesting than ever, saysTia Hallanoro, Marketing Communications Director at Helsinki Marketing.The hashtag #MyHelsinkiResidence was introduced at the beginning of 2018. The residence programme was launched in 2016 with the hashtag #HelsinkiSecret Residence.Blog posts:#MyHelsinki Residence is part of Helsinkis new marketing strategy, according to which all content should be based on personal and genuine recommendations. Readmore.The main sponsors of MyHelsinki Residence areAallonkoti Hotel Apartments,,Finnair,Business Finland(Visit Finland),Finavia,Tallink SiljaandVisit Tallinn.
The new exhibition at the Helsinki art museum showsthe works of French and Finnish artist who lived and worked in Paris, mostly dating from the first few decades of the 20th century.Leonard Bcksbacka (18921963) founded the Konstsalongen art gallery in Helsinki in 1915. This provided him with an excellent vantage point from which to observe artistic life during the interwar period. At that time, the spirit in Paris was modern and filled with parties. Bcksbacka became an advocate for French art, and he bought many works, exhibited them in his gallery in Helsinki on several occasions, and even convinced some Finnish museums to include them in their collections.Leonard and Katarina Bcksbackas art collection played a decisive role in the founding of the Helsinki Art Museum. In 1976, a total of 448 works of art were donated to the city, and they formed the core of the HAM Helsinki Art Museums collections.The exhibition is curated by art historian Laura Gutman, who is originally from Paris but now lives in Finland. This exhibition is a continuation of the HAMs roots series.Air de Paris at HAM Helsinki art museum 23.2.12.8. Tickets 10/8 euros. Open from Tuesdays to Sundays from 11.00 to 19.00.Read moreHAM
The English edition of the Statistical Yearbook of Helsinki provides a varied, statistics-based description of the city and its residents. Many of the tables also present comparative data from the rest of the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, the Helsinki Region and Finland as a whole. Moreover, the yearbook contains a chapter on major cities in the rest of Scandinavia and another on Tallinn, Riga, Vilnius and St Petersburg.The 2017 edition of the book is the 105th. The statistical tables are also available as open data on the Helsinki Region Infoshare service.These are some of the facts provided in the
The Flexi Spaces project of the Forum Virium Helsinki innovation unit has created a model to give citizens and communities easy access to various spaces. The model utilizes digital solutions such as smart locks and web-based space reservation and payment platforms. The new model for opening spaces, tested in the Helsinki smart city district of Kalasatama, has been a success. The topic was discussed at an event focusing on the opening of spaces to citizens and communities, held at the Helsinki City Hall on 15 February. The opening speech at the event was held by Helsinki Deputy Mayor Nasima Razmyar responsible for the Citys Culture and Leisure Division.As with other sharing economy concepts, new solutions to increase efficiency in the use of spaces benefit both the owners of spaces and those with needs for spaces. When under-used and empty spaces are opened for use by citizens and communities, the city becomes more dynamic, and citizen activity becomes possible in different parts of the city. Efficient use of spaces is also advisable from the economic perspective.Efficient use of spaces is a particularly significant question to the Culture and Leisure Division. If we manage to put the City of Helsinki spaces to efficient use with the help of digital solutions, we can create a tremendous amount of new opportunities for sports and cultural activities, Deputy Mayor Razmyar says.Kalasatama has served as a piloting area for flex-space services. For example, a rental housing company of Setlementtiasunnot opened their leisure activities space to all users in the Kalasatama Flexi Spaces project. Residents of the housing block can use the space free of charge other users pay 20 euros per hour in rent. The space is reserved and the rent is paid through the Flextila.com system.We have paying customers almost daily. The newest customers include a musical kindergarten and a dance group. The quality of life and level of activity of the housing block residents increase when, for example, they can go in slippers from their homes to a yoga class, says Pirjo Peltosuo, a community coordinator at Setlementtiasunnot.Thanks to the Flexi Spaces project, Kalasatama alone now has 15 flex spaces, which were reserved more than 600 times in the first year. Forum Virium Helsinki is now extending the Flexi Spaces model to Tampere, Turku and Oulu. The lessons learned from Flexi Spaces are distributed Europe-wide in the Refill EU project.The City of Helsinki has opened its spaces through the Varaamo reservation system and the City spaces bank. An increase in flexible spaces is already taken into consideration in zoning. The City of Helsinki also promotes the flexible use of spaces in the City strategy. One goal is to make schools and sports facilities easily available to citizens.Read more:
Video: Deputy Mayor Nasima Razmyars opening speech at the event focusing on the opening of spaces
Helsinki Region Transport (HSL) will open a retail interface for single tickets on 2 April. The API for public transport single ticket sales will be open to all interested transport operators.
HSL is currently building the worlds first completely open public transport ticketing interface. The interface will allow operators in Finland and abroad to incorporate HSLs tickets into their array of services.
The service needs to be easy for third parties, so that it can be used by various operators, not just technology companies. At the same time, we need to ensure that the interface poses no information security risks or risks to HSLs business activities emphasizes Juha Lamminkari, HSLs System Architect. The interface will open for commercial purposes at https://sales-api.hsl.fion 2 April.At the same time, HSL will start an IdeaLab program for mobility services to create and test new ideas together with other operators. As part of the IdeaLab, there will be an innovation contest for mobility services, from which HSL will select the ideas to be pilotet.Read moreHSL
Helsinki enjoyed a record year for tourism in 2017. Over four million overnight stays were registered inside Helsinki, representing year-on-year growth of 13 percent. The number of overnight stays in Helsinki Region as a whole was 5.3 million. As the nations capital, Helsinki is the driving force of tourism in Finland, as reflected especially in the high proportion of overnight stays by foreign visitors compared to the rest of Finland. The number of overnight stays in Helsinki by foreign visitors grew by 15 percent, while the number of overnight stays by domestic visitors increased by 10 percent.Tourism in Helsinki is doing really well right now. Most of our visitors last year came from Russia, Germany, Great Britain, the USA, Sweden and Japan. The biggest relative increases in the number of visitors came from Russia, by 37 percent, and China, by 31 percent, and we also saw growth in many other markets. The positive economic situation in many of our key markets has benefitted the global tourism industry and enabled both Helsinki and Finland to post record tourism figures, comments Laura Aalto, CEO of Helsinki Marketing.Helsinkis main attraction in the tourism markets is its proximity to nature combined with the intriguing urban culture and event offerings. Tourists are increasingly interested in truly experiencing and gaining a genuine feel for the destination, as the most popular city destinations in Europe suffer from excessive tourism. Smaller cities like Helsinki are well positioned to respond to the growing demand for experiential tourism.Tourism in Helsinki is currently growing faster than in neighbouring capital cities. Last year the number of overnight stays increased by just 2 percent in Copenhagen, 3 percent in Oslo and 3 percent in Tallinn. According to preliminary statistics, Stockholm also had growth of around three percent in 2017. In order to maintain its impressive growth, Helsinki must continue to focus on increasing accommodation capacity and on visitor services.To ensure sustainable growth, it is important that tourism reinforces the vitality of the entire city. We must see that Helsinkis accommodation capacity continues to grow, that we continue to improve our visitor services, and that we make sure these services meet the needs of visitors, also digitally. Tourism has moved very rapidly into the digital age, which is creating new demands for tourist destinations, Aalto continues.Helsinki is working hard to stand out from the competition by developing digital tourism services. A new website, MyHelsinki.fi, was launched last summer with contents based on genuine recommendations by locals. The website now serves visitors in six languages. In addition, a new mini program was launched for Chinese visitors as part of the Chinese New Year celebrations on Thursday 15 February 2018. The new service provides visitor information to the mobile devices of almost a billion WeChat users. Helsinki will continue to work closely with Chinese internet service giant Tencent to further develop the application.The strength of Helsinkis tourism sector is the broad diversity of nationalities visiting the Finnish capital. It also benefits from an even distribution between leisure travel and business travel, the latter of which accounted for 47 percent of registered overnight stays in Helsinki last year. International association meetings in particular attract many business travellers. Helsinki is currently the most popular congress city in the Nordic region and 15th in the UIA global rankings.Helsinkis international status is also boosted by its excellent transportation connections. The national airline Finnair offers many flights to and from Asia, giving Helsinki a big advantage over other European cities. In addition, the Port of Helsinki became the busiest passenger port in Europe and possibly the whole world last year, serving an impressive 12.3 million passengers. A total of 266 international cruise ships visited Helsinki in 2017, bringing with them almost half a million cruise passengers.Read more:
The Lahdenvyl route network plan will be implemented at the earliest from August 2019.Some bus services currently running along Hmeentie to the city center will be rerouted to run via Hermannin rantatie to the new bus terminal in Kalasatama.The biggest change is that there will no longer be direct bus services from all areas covered by the route network to Helsinki city center. It was considered sensible that routes serving the area between the Kerava City Rail Link and Lahdenvyl are terminated in Kalasatama. Trains provide the primary transport link to Helsinki city center from their service area. Routes 711, 721, 731 and 738 will terminate in Kalasatama.It is necessary to divert traffic to Kalasatama because the Railway Square cannot accommodate increasing passenger numbers and traffic volumes. Some bus services currently running along Hmeentie to the city center will be rerouted to run via Hermannin rantatie to Kalasatama. With good connections further afield and good service supply, Kalasatama is a natural endpoint for buses running along Lahdenvyl.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport
The Mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori inaugurated Helen's new bioenergy heating plant in Salmisaari. The plant produces renewable district heat in the largest pellet-fired boiler in Finland. Helsinki is strongly committed to mitigating climate change. Carbon neutrality requires us to be a bold trailblazer and for all sectors to reduce their emissions. The Salmisaari pellet-fired heating plant inaugurated today is a perfect example of using renewable energy in the city's heat production, said the Mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori in his inauguration speech. The Salmisaari pellet-fired heating plant is a significant project to increase renewable energy in Helens energy production. Coal is being replaced by biofuels, but a climate-neutral future also needs other solutions, said Helens CEO Pekka Manninen. The new heating plant represents solid Finnish competence: the degree of domestic origin in the heating plant project is over 80%. The plant can generate renewable district heat for the needs of 25,000 one-bedroom apartments.Read moreHelen
  The mayors of the cities of Helsinki, Espoo and Vantaa and the Presidents of Helsinki University and Aalto University have signed a contract for cooperation in urban studies and for funding a postdoctoral researcher posts at both universities for the period 2018-2023. The contributions of the cities to this research, which is designed to support development in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, total 2.72 million for the contract period. The aim of the contract is to stimulate interaction between the universities and cities, support the high quality and social impact of the urban research conducted in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, and to upgrade the use of research findings in urban development. The idea is also to enable the birth and success of a strong urban research community in the metropolitan area.Successful cities need the kind of knowledge that is based on high-quality research. Big cities, especially, have challenges  but opportunities as well. In future, we will be needing more robust tools to solve the problems and grab the opportunities, says Helsinkis Mayor Jan
Vapaavuori.The funds earmarked by the cities of Helsinki, Espoo and Vantaa are channelled to Helsinki Universitys Institute of Urban and Regional Studies beginning operation in 2018 and cooperating with the Aalto Universitys multi-disciplinary Living+ collaboration platform. The postdoctoral researchers funded by the cities will be located in both universities.Research themes directly from strategy
programmes
The cities of Helsinki, Espoo and Vantaa will participate in the recruitment of the postdoctoral researchers. The themes to be studied this year were selected directly from the strategy programmes of the cities.The themes selected are crucial to development in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area: social inequality in cities, competitiveness of urban areas, a carbon-neutral city, and how digitalisation changes urban life. To ensure continuous interaction, the researchers will also partly work in the premises of the cities.
Furthermore, Helsinki University and Aalto University will allocate resources of their own, too, for the urban research cooperation by either establishing new researcher posts or directing the content of existing tasks towards university-city cooperation. The universities will also implement a common multi-disciplinary masters programme in urban research and urbanplanning (Urban Studies & Planning), where students will be involved in solving challenges that cities face.
"Im very glad Helsinki, Espoo and Vantaa want to deepen their cooperation with Helsinki University and Aalto University and to invest in urban studies. Besides promoting research and teaching, this kind of intimate interaction between cities and universities will stimulate the use of research findings in the cities own work, says Jukka Kola, Rector of the University of Helsinki.Themes relating to cities are important and topical both in Finland and the rest of the world. Research helps understand developments and find new solutions to the challenges that cities are facing today. We at Aalto University are ready to contribute with high-level knowledge on, for example, architecture, traffic systems and urban design, says Ilkka Niemel, Aalto University President.More about the subject: 
Annina Ala-Outinen, Coordinator, Helsinki City Executive Office, +358 9310 36588Laura vall, Special Adviser to the Mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori, +358 50361 7511
  Jari Niemel, Professor, University of Helsinki, +358 40740 8539Annukka Jyrm, Senior Advisor, Aalto University, +358 50373 2238

Internet service giant
Tencent and the City of Helsinki launched a groundbreaking WeChat Helsinki mini
program on Thursday 15 February. The new application offers Helsinki travel
information in Chinese to almost one billion WeChat users. As a pioneer in utilising
open data, Helsinki will continue to work closely with Tencent to further develop
the application.


China is the largest outbound tourism market in the world. The cooperation between Helsinki and Tencent gives the Finnish capital a groundbreaking channel straight into the mobile devices of WeChat users. Helsinki has set itself the goal of being the most digitalised city in the world, and the cooperation with Tencent ensures that the city is already now a globally remarkable innovator in digital tourism services.In September 2017 the City of Helsinki and Tencent signed a cooperation agreement, according to which Helsinki will serve as an intelligent tourism model for Chinese outbound tourism. The two cooperation partners have since codeveloped a destination mini program that offers Helsinki travel information to almost one billion WeChat users.On Thursday 15 February the Mayor of Helsinki Jan
Vapaavuori and General Manager Zhan
Shu from Tencent Governmental Affairs and Tourism Center launched the new WeChat Helsinki mini program as part of the Chinese New Year celebrations in Helsinki.
  
The initial version of the WeChat Helsinki mini program allows users to access content about Helsinkis sights, services, events and transportation. Panoramic Helsinki 360-photos, a translation service and emergency help are also included.As a pioneer in utilising open data, Helsinki will continue to work closely with Tencent to further develop the application. Helsinkis open data resources include databases for places, events and services. The aim is to build an application that provides users with comprehensive, professional and real-time information and services.
Helsinkis strategic aim is to be the
forerunner city of digitalisation in the near future. For travellers
we want to be the safest, most functional and happiest place to visit. The Helsinki
mini program makes it possible to share whats best about Helsinki with millions
of Chinese people in a way that creates a sharable, local experience, says
  Jan Vapaavuori, Mayor of Helsinki.This is Tencents first overseas pilot cooperation project in the"
"convenient platform for overseas destinations to showcase their urban charm. Helsinki wants to build a more tailored travel experience for Chinese visitors, and forming a partnership with Tencent is the right way to do that,"" states Zhan Shu, General Manager of the Tencent Governmental Affairs and Tourism Center."
In the near future the WeChat Helsinki mini program will also include an interactive map and a public transportation journey planner. The aim is also to include the possibility to buy mobile tickets for public transport and test the WeChat Pay integration for some of the services.
The Finnish airline Finnair offers nearly 40 direct flights a week from seven major Chinese cities to Helsinki. Helsinkis excellent accessibility has given the Finnish capital a head start in the Chinese tourism market, and now the same step has been taken also digitally.Helsinki has become increasingly popular among Chinese tourists in recent years. The number of registered overnight stays by Chinese travellers in Helsinki has more than doubled in the past five years. In 2017 the number of overnight stays by Chinese visitors increased by 29,3 percent over the previous year to 135 000.Helsinki joined the Beijing-based World Tourism Cities Federation (WTCF) in 2014. The valuable membership has enabled new business contacts and opened significant opportunities for cooperation in China. The WTCF has selected Helsinki to be the host city of its 2019 summit meeting. Beijing and Helsinki have been sister cities since 2006.
Helsinki WeChat ID: MyHelsinki
  Tencent and Helsinki Marketing signed the cooperation agreement during the WTCF conference in Los Angeles in September 2017. Helsinki Marketing is a marketing company owned by the City of Helsinki. Helsinki Marketing is responsible for Helsinkis operative city marketing and business partnerships.
Official website:  www.myhelsinki.fi 
"Beijinger Chen Jinlong was impressed with what he heard. He had just been introduced to Finnish health and wellbeing competence at the Hospital District of Helsinki and Uusimaa's Biomedicum facility. He is an investor, but also an entrepreneur looking for business partners. His Beijing Sanrong Technology company won last night's pitching competition, which was held in connection to the Beijing Week corporate event in Helsinki.Beijing Week was a three-day event arranged by the cities of Helsinki and Beijing and their partners from Wednesday to Friday, 7-9 February.Chen shows business cards that he received from the representatives of some of the especially interesting companies. These companies will be contacted.The visit to the Demos Helsinki think tank was also very interesting. During the visit, he was told about modern Finnish transport solutions. ""China and Finland could have a lot of co-operation. We are interested in the same things and develop the same kind of technology.""Chen was in Europe for the first time and happy that he came to Helsinki. He thought that the City has, for example, a very interesting and strong startup cluster.""From what I have gathered, Finns are very precise, honest and efficient, which is important in business acitivities. It would be pleasant to co-operate with Finns.""He was already thinking about the next trip and the theme of that trip would likely be investing.Harri Santamala from Sensible4 was one of the performers at Demos Helsinki on Friday. The company develops vehicle automation systems for shared and public transport. Santamala was thankful for the opportunity to present the company to Chinese investors, as the Finnish market is too narrow for the company. ""Finland is very good as the first market, for example, because the legislation is in order here.""However, a company with such a narrow niche must look for business elsewhere. The moment of the Beijing Week was very good for the company, as Sensible4 is in the process of signing its first contract with an international company. From here, it would be great to move on to China.After Santamala's presentation, the Chinese investors continued the discussion with him.What was your impression, will something come out of these meetings in the future? ""I have a strong feeling that it's a miracle if something doesn't come out of this.""During Friday, Chinese guests visited the Maria 01 startup centre, where they were guided by Voitto Kangas.Probably the liveliest conversation of the visit commenced after Kangas' speech: Jeez, what an excellent idea. Bring together young entrepreneurs to an old hospital, whose premises they may rent on the cheap and refurbish. And that the investors are really near, maybe a floor down  just go and knock on the door.Cheerful fits of laughter. A truly fantastic place this Helsinki.Text: Kirsi RiipinenImages: Ilkka Ranta-ahoThe event on social media#HelsinkiBeijing Further infoBeijing-Helsinki Science & Technology Startup Forum 2018"
"The announcing of the winners of the pitching competition was one of the most anticipated happenings of the Beijing Week corporate event in Helsinki. Beijing Week was a three-day event during 7-9 February arranged by the cities of Helsinki and Beijing and their partners.In the competition on Wednesday, 18 pitchers had tried to convince the jury that their company is the best possible export to the Chinese market.The Jury selected the following winners Supermetrics in the artificial intelligence category, BroadBit Batteries in the smart and clean solutions category and Beijing Sanrong Technology in the health and wellbeing technology category. The judge of the jury Torsti Tenhunen said that the level of pitchers was varied. In the group, there were both complete novices and companies with turnover.""There were some true pearls in the bunch as well.""Tenhunen works, among others, for the Finnish Business Angels Network and Spinnaker Ventures, which invest in growth companies.The members of the eight-person jury each awarded points, and when points of the possible winners were close to each other, the jury members convened.""Eventually, it was a simple decision"" says Tenhunen.The winners get to participate in the spring 2018 Sino Track accelerator programme, including the Sino Track camp in Beijing in March. They also receive the City of Helsinki business advisory service NewCo Helsinki's grant and the City of Beijing Municipal Commission of Science and Technology rewarded the winners with EUR 2,500 each.The smart and clean category winner BroadBit Batteries' David Brown was very happy about the win, but also about the event itself.""I have met investors, clients and potential business partners.""The company develops new kinds of batteries using sodium-based chemistries. The Metropolitan Area company already has international business, but now they want to go to China: the market is huge and it is growing rapidly. Both the award and the Beijing Week event came at a very good moment.Another China-minded company who participated in the event and pitching is Parking Energy, who turns car pre-heating spots into charging stations for electric cars.Jiri Rsnen thinks that just being part of the pitching was a good way to get more visibility and recognition to the company. Parking Energy will go for the Chinese market, sooner or later.""Of course, the very different character of the market gives food for thought. We must understand that a lot of time and resources must be allocated for China.In view of the ceremony, NewCo Helsinki's premises in Kallio were decorated with beautiful Chinese influences, to the point that they were almost unrecognisable. Red carpets, lights and decorations coloured the festive framework, which saw toasts being made to the winners, but also to the intensifying co-operation between Helsinki and Beijing.Director of Economic Development Marja-Leena Rinkineva told in her speech that NewCo's premises were once a school for the visually impaired. The premises are still very important to the City, as now there is a service that offers help to new companies. The NewCo services have helped founding as many as 20,000 companies.Event though there was still one day left of the Beijing Week, Rinkineva dared deem it a success.Xiangyang Lin, Deputy Secretary General of People's Government of Beijing Municipality agreed. He was very impressed with the exquisite event.Text: Kirsi RiipinenImages: Ilkka Ranta-ahoThe event on social media#HelsinkiBeijing Further infoBeijing-Helsinki Science & Technology Startup Forum 2018"
"On Beijing Week, the access to the Chinese market took a step forward right away on the first day of the event. Beijing Week was a three-day event organised by Helsinki, Beijing and the partners of the cities.The best thing about the event became evident immediately to two participating Finnish startups: companies quickly found each other and started planning a joint entrance to the Chinese market.One of these, JigLab, makes artificial intelligence solutions, while the other, Valohai, focuses on platforms for the solutions. They are as if made for each other.JigLab's Petri Hassinen and Valohai's Eero Laaksonen praise the event in general, too. Co-operation and networking is extremely important for companies in their early stages.""When cities, universities and polytechnics and numerous others work together, big things start to happen. The significance of cities is growing and they are increasingly driving things forward"", ponders Hassinen.The power of co-operation between cities was praised several times in the opening addresses of the event. City Manager Sami Sarvilinna is certain that Helsinki and Beijing will find more new common themes, when the Winter Olympics in Beijing approach.City Manager Sami Sarvilinna says that Beijing Week is a good addition to the development of the co-operation between the cities of Beijing and Helsinki. This event could be arranged again  while maybe not this big every year.One part of the event is winter sports, which was the theme of a separate seminar arranged on Wednesday. As if on cue, Helsinki's appeal as a winter sports city was increased by a snowfall.Sarvilinna reiterated the city's goal of being the most functional city in the world, which means, for example, a better quality of life and improved opportunities of success for companies.Xiangyang Lin, Deputy Secretary General of Beijing, emphasised the sister city partnership and praised how the friendship has started to resemble a happy family.The People's Republic of China's Ambassador to Finland Chen Li noted that it is due to these kinds of events that the co-operation between the cities can be developed to a whole new level.In her speech, Dongling Zhang of the Beijing Municipal Commission of Science and Technology described why the Finns ought to become interested in China. The Government is very interested in increasing co-operation outside the country borders and to cater for this it has, for example, made some facilitating adjustments to the taxation and regulations for foreigners. In Beijing, those who come to the city receive help with sorting out the paperwork as well.A partnership contract ensures that the joint business opportunities in Helsinki and Beijing can be developed further in the future.Wednesday provided a lot of information about the market, artificial intelligence, smart and clean solutions and health and welfare technology in China. And of course, the prerequisite for Finns on this market.Torsti Tenhunen elaborated on some realities of the country: in 2015, there were 12,000 new startups per day, now that figure has probably increased to 15,000. Tenhunen works, among other things, for the Finnish Business Angels Network and Spinnaker Ventures, which invests in growth companies.""The competition is fierce. That is why companies need to focus, find their own exact niche.""But, on the other hand, the possibilities are gigantic: By 2030, two thirds of the people belonging to the middle-class live in Asia, while only 21 per cent live in Europe and North America. In other words, the Chinese market is incomparable.""I have said that China is like another planet. Those entering the market need to understand how it works. It is also important to choose a specific geographical area. For example, Beijing is like a country of its own, the same goes for e.g. Shanghai.Tenhunen encourages smart companies to enter the country, as there is a distinct need for Finnish expertise, and Nordic expertise in general, in China.Business Finland's Director of Digitalisation Pekka Sivonen told how artificial intelligence has been the subject of research in Finland for 55 years. OECD statistics show that we are the leading users of open data in the world.We have a fresh national example of the utilisation of artificial intelligence: Finland is building, and soon using, the citizen's virtual assistant Aurora, through which Finns can talk directly with the public authorities.An important part of the Beijing Week were the pitching and matchmaking events, short startup presentations and quick meetings between investors and companies.During the matchmaking part of the event, investors and startups made quick acquaintances. Aitokaiku's Jarno Eerola tells facts about his IT company. Contact information was exchanged actively at the matchmakings. The pitchers presented AI applications, each quite inventive, whether it was about video advertising, identification or smart city solutions. A total of 18 pitchers had been chosen.Chaos architects' Natalia Rincn's turn to pitch and convince the jury that the company would make it on the Chinese market.The jury chooses the pitchers for the next phase. The judges from the left Shilong Zhu, Andrea Di Pietrantonio, Stanley Lu, Pia Erkinheimo, Jay Huang, Touko Kontro and Torsti Tenhunen behind Erkinheimo's back.The programme of the first day impressed the participants. Howden's Fangbing Wang thinks that the event was a very important networking opportunity and she had already established numerous new contacts. Rukakeskus' Yuan Lin attended the event to find new ideas for the tourism sector and said that she had also found some.Fangbing Wang and Yuan Lin attended the Beijing Week to get contacts and ideas. Some were received even during the first day.Advanced Medical Technologies' Dengqiang Jia and Qing Liu were among the very pleased participants. Dengqiang Jia and Qing Liu were impressed with the level of the Chinese participants at the event.They found the level of the pitchers to be incredibly high. The observation was a positive one, as they are looking for Finnish business partners to China.Text: Kirsi Riipinen Photos: Ilkka Ranta-ahoThe event on social media#HelsinkiBeijingFurther infoBeijing-Helsinki Science & Technology Startup Forum 2018"
Are you looking to start a business? At the beginning, you need a good idea, but also a lot of information. The City of Helsinki's NewCo Helsinki business advisory service publishes a guide for the budding entrepreneur in several languages, now also in Chinese.An updated version of the Finnish guide has also been published recently.The guide includes basic information about entrepreneurship and the permits needed for it in Finland. At the same time, it encourages the entrepreneur to utilise NewCo Helsinki's free services for establishing a company.Further informationNewCo Helsinki's Guide to starting a business in ChineseNewCo Helsinki's guides to the entrepreneurNewCo Helsinki's advisory services
  The English section of the Helsinki-info bulletins new edition takes a look at startups and entrepreneurship, presenting NewCo Helsinki and the expanding role of the Maria 01 startup hub. An African-born community activist sheds light on immigrant life in Helsinki.The business advisory and startup services provider NewCo Helsinki has established itself in the bedrock of the Helsinki startup ecosystem. NewCo Helsinki customers speak about being taken from point zero through the steps of founding a business to being put onto a growth curve.Were a key local enabler for individuals and student teams to get started in business and for startups to grow, says the head of NewCo Helsinki Tommo Koivusalo.The Maria 01 startup hub is about to open Games Factory, a new centre and showroom of the Finnish game development community, as ambitious plans for a major expansion advance. Maria 01 also expands its role in the Helsinki startup ecosystem. Our mission is to be an umbrella for the entire Helsinki startup ecosystem, says Maria 01 CEO Voitto Kangas.A recent addition to the Maria 01 community is The Shortcut. Co-Founder and CEO Anne Badan
  explains, The Shortcut is a grassroots non-profit that taps into the enormous opportunities offered by the unused skills, hidden talent and potential of people who are looking for employment and a place in Finnish society. The Shortcut works through tech and entrepreneurship.In its regular series featuring Helsinkis international residents, Helsinki-info introduces Fatima Usman of West Africa, better known in Helsinki as Mama Africa. Working as an African cultural ambassador, she has run workshops on African culture for more than 20 years and stays active in multicultural affairs.Read the above articles in Helsinki-info
The traditional Penkkarit (benchpressing fest) drive for matriculation examination candidates will be held in Helsinki city centre on 15 February. The trucks will gather at Merisatama beginning at 12.30 pm. The convoy will set forth at about 1 pm when the first trucks will cross the start line by the Market Hall. The motorcade will include over 100 trucks and approximately 4, 000 upper secondary school students.The convoy will take the route Ehrenstrmintie  Laivasillankatu  Etelranta  Pohjoisesplanadi  Lnnrotinkatu  Hietalahdentori  Bulevardi  Yrjnkatu  Uudenmaankatu  Erottajankatu  Etelesplanadi  Etelranta.The trucks will drive around the route twice.The route
  The planning of the Hakaniemenranta area of Helsinki proceeds with an idea competition. All competition entries are now on display and can be commented on until 28 February in the City of Helsinki online feedback service kerrokantasi.hel.fi.The competition entries can also be seen until 23 February at the information and exhibition space Laituri at Narinkka 2 in Kamppi.The feedback on the ideas for Hakaniemenranta will be compiled for use by the competition jury. The jury will select the winner in the spring.The competition attracted wide interest, and the entries numbered more than 60. The competitors were asked to envision how to develop more housing and services in Hakaniemenranta while creating appealing waterfront areas open to all at the same time.The ideas obtained from the competition for new city blocks, waterfront areas, parks and streets will be utilized in detailed planning and development. The starting point for the competition was the Hakaniemenranta detailed plan draft approved a year ago. This draft preliminarily defines the zones of five new city blocks, among other elements.The idea competition is organized by the City of Helsinki in cooperation with the Finnish association of landscape architects MARK and the Finnish Association of Architects SAFA.
Hakaniemenranta (Hakaniemi waterfront) has been zoned for a great deal of new construction. Plans for a new hotel have advanced the most. The hotel would be placed in the vicinity of the Metallitalo property partially on landfill. The Hakaniemi bridge has reached the end of its service life and will be rebuilt. The new light rail connection from the city centre to Kruunuvuorenranta, to be completed in the 2020s, will pass through the area. Hakaniemi would also be home to a station of the proposed underground City Rail Loop (Pisararata).The current plans for Hakaniemenranta would change the area more than ever since the construction of the Merihaka blocks, says architect Perttu
Pulkka.The planning of the Hakaniemi area is covered by a newsletter (in Finnish), which can be subscribed to at www.hel.fi/kaupunkiymparisto/uutiskirjeet.Read more:
Comment on ideas
for Hakaniemenranta onlineInformation
and exhibition space LaituriHakaniemi
plans in Map ServiceSubscribe to
newsletter on Hakaniemenranta and Merihaka (in Finnish)
Approximately 850 second grade upper secondary school students from Helsinki will perform ball room dances at the New School Seniors Ball event on 16 February at 2 pm at Helsinki Ice Hall (Nordenskildinkatu 11-13). The event will last for about 1 hours and admission is free.Eleven upper secondary schools from Helsinki will take part in the event. It will be opened at 2 pm by Pia Pakarinen, Deputy Mayor for Education. Practicing and performing ball room dances for the New School Seniors' Ball is an important part of the education of culture and etiquette of upper secondary schools. The traditional New School Seniors Ball event was organized for the first time in Helsinki in 1992.The course teaching ball room dances for the New School Seniors Ball is one of the most popular courses among upper secondary school students. During the course, students practice traditional 19th century ball room dances and also more modern dances from the beginning of the 20th century. The course culminates in a joint performance of several schools held in the Ice Hall on the eve of the winter holiday.It is customary for the upper secondary schools to hold a dance performance for the students of the school in Friday morning and for the families of the dancers in Thursday evening. Some students organize dance performances also in nursing homes and comprehensive schools.
"European Cities and Regions of the Future study ranks annually the most promising investment location in Europe. This year fDI Intelligence, a service from the Financial Times, named Greater Helsinki as the winner in the FDI strategy category, when comparing small regions. In addition, Uusimaa region won in its own size category.The FDI strategy placed Helsinki region on the top among the small regions in a ranking done by fDI Intelligence. Last year Helsinki was on place seven. This particular category compares how well regions attract foreign direct investments and the ability of the regional development agencies to market the region for the investors. In the Helsinki region, this work is done by regional development agency Helsinki Business Hub.""We have made strategic decisions and focused our resources to domains where we have clear strengths. In 2016, we evaluated our strategic focus areas from three perspectives. We estimated international market potential, Helsinki regions special conditions and the implementation ability of Helsinki Business Hub in chosen fields. This ranking indicates that these choices have been successful"", CEO of Helsinki Business Hub Marja-Liisa Niinikoski comments.In addition to the region, the ranking compares cities. Helsinki and Espoo were both ranked in top 10 in their own size categories from several points of view. Also, the whole Uusimaa region took the first place among the mid-size regions. ""Successful cities have many strengths and only a few weaknesses. Our strengths support investment  infrastructure works, a collaboration between the public and private sector is uncomplicated, talent is readily available and there are strong ecosystems that support companies in finding solutions for global challenges. Helsinki wants to be the most functional city in the world and a place that attracts people and companies that work towards a better world. I believe this ranking is a great example that we are making this vision come true, the mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori explains. Helsinki region has been recognized by the foreign companies especially in the ICT and health sector. A major part of last years investments came from these two domains.""Finlands ICT and health industries are among the best in the world from the foreign companies point of view. The legacy of Nokia is still alive and the layoffs in the recent years have caused a situation that talent is easily available. This is very attractive for foreign companies. For instance, Huawei has expanded their R&D function in Finland during the last years. In the health sector, we are also very strong. Our legislation, open data possibilities and innovations and opportunities in personalized health have all been noticed globally. This is a good base to build our reputation on"", Niinikoski says.More informationfDI Intelligence"
  Helsinki schools are closed for their regular winter break on 1822 February. But the week is filled with action around Helsinki.You can do sports, dance, teleport, do and re-do things, focus, or relax  the winter school break is not just for hanging around, as there are cool things to do around Helsinki! Check these out: A FunAction day at the Liikuntamylly sports hall 19 February. A water sports lane at the Itkeskus swimming hall 1920 February. Free-of-charge winter break courses at the Stoa and Vuotalo cultural centres 1921 February. An EasySport week at the Tl sports hall 1923 February. Build a miniature winter landscape at Helsinki City Museum 1923 February. Winter break movies at the Vuotalo and Malmitalo cultural centres 1922 February. A winter fun event at the Tapuli public playground 20 February.A free-of-charge sports event for the whole family is held at the Palohein sports park on Wednesday 21 February from 15:3018:30. The event spreads through the park including its ski tracks and ice hall.Read more about what
to do during the winter school break in Finnish.
Reaktori, the biggest and the most exciting winter-break event for young people, is here again, for the 14th time! Messukeskus (Helsinki expo and convention centre) hosts action and free-of-charge programmes for 1318-year-olds on a half-hectare event floor. 2123 February 13:0020:00.Helsinki Zoo at Korkeasaari offers a great deal to see and experience. You need go no further!The National Museum of Finland allows visitors to go orienteering with short films during the winter school break. The various exhibitions at the museum include short films of the project in which the Finnish Broadcasting Company Yle invited citizens to produce their own Finland short films from archive materials. These short films bring together the past and the present in hilarious ways. They have been produced by both beginners and professionals.The Ateneum art museum holds a nonstop art workshop from 1016 on 21 February. The themes are drawing and watercolour painting. Admission until15:30.Design Museum organizes daily workshops during the winter school break. The workshops offer activities to families, friends and everybody interested in design and museums.Ice Park organizes a special programme for families on Saturday 17 February. On hand guiding skaters is figure skating coach Kiira Leppik. The cunning feline duo of Detective Office Cat & Cat tackles another thrilling mystery. Kronos, a laboratory rat from the future, has badly messed things up. Theatre Cat makes another appearance at Theatre Museum during the winter school break. The performances are from 1216 on 2023 February. The audience can join at any time, but no later than 15:30, for the price of admission (10/5 euros). No reservation is required. The performances are in Finnish.
There are plenty of opportunities for skating, skiing and outdoor activities.
The winners of the Pitching Competition, arranged in connection to the Science and Technology Startup Forum of the Beijing Week business event in Helsinki, were announced yesterday. The winner in the category of Artificial Intelligence was Helsinki-based software company Supermetrics, while Espoo-based battery technology company BroadBit Batteries claimed the first prize in the category of Smart & Clean and Chinese company Beijing Sanrong Technology came out on top in the category of Healthcare & Wellness.A total of 18 growth companies, six in each category, participated in the Pitching Competition.As part of the prize, the three winners get to participate in the spring 2018 Sino Track accelerator programme, including the Sino Track camp in Beijing in March. Moreover,the City of Beijing Municipal Science & Technology Commission awards each winning company with a prize of EUR 2,500 and the City of Helsinki's enterprise service NewCo Helsinki awards a Beijing trip grant to winning company Supermetrics. The jury consisted of Shilong Zhu, Stanley Lu, Andrea Di Pietrantonio, Sue Wang, Shilong Zhu, Pia Erkinheimo, Touko Kontro and Torsti Tenhunen.Artificial Intelligence Category:AdLaunch, Aitokaiku, JigLabs, Selko Technologies, Supermetrics (Winner) and ValohaiSmart & Clean Category:BroadBit Batteries (Winner), CHAOS architects, MOPRIM, Parking Energy, Sensible 4 and TeraloopHealthcare & Wellness Category:Beijing Sanrong Technology (Winner), CutoSense, LS CancerDiag, MVision AI, Sooma and SuomiHealthBeijing Week Event in Helsinki 79 February 2018The Event consists of a Science, Technology and Startup Forum and a Winter Sports Seminar. The event entity, organised for the first time, brings together startup entrepreneurs, corporate executives, investors and other influential figures from Helsinki and Beijing.Facts about the co-operation between the countries 5 April 2017, President of the People's Republic of China Xi Jinping and President of Finland Sauli Niinist signed a Joint Declaration promoting the cooperative partnership between the countries. Helsinki and Beijing have been sister cities since July 2006. The co-operation has been intensive especially in culture and education. During the last few years, the co-operation in industrial policy has gained strength. On 29 August 2017, the Cities of Beijing and Helsinki signed a three-year action plan with five priority areas of cooperation (winter sports, culture, education and teaching, design and startup companies).In the new city strategy of Helsinki, Beijing is prioritised as a central foreign collaboration city.Event organisersBeijing Week is organised by City of Helsinki enterprise service NewCo Helsinki, Helsinki Business Hub, City of Beijing Municipal Science & Technology Commission, Beijing Association for International Science & Technology Cooperation and COMB+ business accelerator.The collaboration partners of the event are China Council for the Promotion of International Trade Beijing Sub-Council and Chinese Association of Science and Technology in Finland.More informationBeijing-Helsinki Science & Technology Startup Forum 2018
  The modernization and renewal of the Helsinki Olympic Stadium will continue with several crucial project stages during 2018. The most striking of the stages will be the installation of the roof over the stadium seating areas.All seating areas of the stadium will be covered as part of the renovation project, and the roof installation including the related preparatory work is one of the key stages of the project. The roof structures will contain approximately 3,000 tonnes of steel. The longest single steel beam will span 36 metres. Deliveries to the construction site will be made through the streets of Mntymentie and Hammarskjldintie, mainly in the daytime. The work will begin in late spring 2018.The floor area of new underground spaces built for the stadium totals 20,000 square metres, that is, equal to the floor area of the old underground spaces, which are renovated. The main concrete construction work has been completed in the northern logistical area and the adjacent northeastern storage area. Work will continue through the spring and summer in the sports and events area on the western side of the stadium.The reinforcement of exterior structures with concrete jacketing is almost finished at the southern end of the stadium and continues at the eastern seating areas proceeding towards the northern end. The stadium is circled by approximately 80 concrete pillars, which are reinforced with concrete jacketing so that they will support the new roof of the seating areas. Older concrete layers of the pillars are removed, and the pillars are covered with a thicker layer of concrete.The Sports Museum of Finland at the Helsinki Olympic Stadium is also under a renovation.Read more:
Helsinki Olympic StadiumOlympic
buildings in Helsinki
In February 2018 it will be 100 years since the foundation of the Field Artillery of Independent Finland and the Artillery School. The Finnish Defence Forces honour their 100th anniversary with an artillery equipment display in Helsinki on 9 February. The events are free of charge.The events are free of charge.The Army has an artillery equipment display on the Senate Square on 9 February. The audience has an opportunity to see for example howitzers, cannons and artillery rocket launchers. The newest addition is the 155 mm armoured howitzer K9 Thunder.World War II era guns are presented by Heritage Association of Heavy Artillery Battalion 1.Additionally, you can see a demonstration of a horse-drawn artillery gun position occupation. The field artillery is a central part of the Armys capability. The artillery is developed with long-term goals in mind and by taking advantage of the possibilities offered by new technology and developments in the field of artillery. The field artillery is a versatile and technological branch that is well-suited for a military built on general conscription and offers many different training opportunities.The Artillery School is responsible for training the professional soldiers of the field artillery and provising continuing training. The Artillery School participates in the planning and execution of large Army and directs the training of the field artillery according to the guidelines set by the branch leadership. Additionally, the Artillery School supports the research and development of field artillery.The days programme:9 - 9.30 Wreath laying, Hietaniemi cemetery. Wreaths will be laid on the graves of General of the Artillery, V.P Nenonen, of Marshal Mannerheim and by the Cross of Heroes.10.00-18.00 Artillery equipment display, Senate Square. By the equipment display at 10.30 and 13.00 there will be a demonstration of a horse-drawn artillery gun position occupation. The events are free of charge.Traffic arrangements of the event
Because of the event, traffic around and at the Senate Square is restricted starting from 8 February at 16.00. Hallituskatu will be closed to all traffic between Snellmanninkatu and Unioninkatu for the duration of the even and its dismounting.The Finnish Defence Forces equipment arriving in Helsinki will be assembled in Hanasaari on 8 February at 17.00 and move via Hmeenlinnanvyl - Keh 3 - Lahdenvyl - Hermannin Rantatie - Srnisten Rantatie - Parrukatu and from 1800 to the Senate Square via Parrukuja - Hanasaarenkatu - Srnisten rantatie - Pohjoisranta - Aleksanterinkatu - Senate Square.The equipment display will dismounted on 9 February after 18.00 and the equipment will be move to Hanasaari. From Hanasaari, the units will be leaving via Parrukatu- Srnisten rantatie - Hermannin Rantatie - Lahdenvyl - Keh 1- Hmeenlinnanvyl.You can follow the events via the Finnish Defence Forces social media channels:facebook.com/maavoimattwitter.com/maavoimat @MaavoimatRead more:maavoimat.fi
Applications for City of Helsinki summer jobs are to be submitted electronically through the City recruiting page at Helsinkirekry.fi > Avoimet typaikat > Kestyt ja kessijaisuudet (Finnish and Swedish only). An application deadline is shown separately at each job advertisement. Job seekers should check the site regularly, as new positions are announced almost every week during spring. Open jobs at the City-owned enterprises are applied for through each entity's own website.The City looks for summer help, for example, in care work, park maintenance and various office tasks, as planning trainees, as construction helpers and in sports site maintenance. Students and professionals are needed especially as holidays temp employees at the Social Services and Health Care Division.The City of Helsinki's summer jobs are popular and an abundance of applicants is expected this year as well. Last year, there were more than 36,000 applications, of which about 22,000 came from 1617-year-olds. Almost 4,500 applicants got a summer job.The most popular positions going by the number of applications were assistant instructor of game activities, customer advisor, library assistant, facility maintenance trainee and early childhood educator assistant. Summer jobs were done with as many as 199 titles. Last year, City of Helsinki-owned enterprises also offered a number of popular jobs, such as summer help at Palmia, outdoor area keeper at Helen, Helsinki Help tourist guide at Helsinki Marketing and summer salesperson at Helsinki Zoo.This year makes no exception, as the enterprises offer hundreds of summer jobs. Palmia, which provides catering, real estate, cleaning and security services, will hire over 100 summer workers. The vacant summer jobs are, among others, in security services and different kinds of real estate maintenance, as well as cleaning duties. Summer helps must be 16 or older and no previous work experience is required. The persons chosen for the summer temporary posts should have some employment experience or experience in the field.The Helen group has about 80 vacant summer jobs in diverse positions at the power plants, maintenance and planning, and customer service and expert duties. Summer jobs are offered to students of different fields and educational levels, for an average duration of three months. There are also some summer jobs for people under the age of 18. Port of Helsinki hires 35 office and harbour workers for 24 months.Helsinki Marketing is looking for 22 Helsinki Help travel guides to work in the streets of the city during the summer season. In addition, about 10 summer workers will be hired to both full-time and part-time assignments of varying durations at the travel information desks in the city centre and at Helsinki Airport.Moreover, Korkeasaaren elintarhan sti (Helsinki Zoo foundation) hires about 30 summer worker for customer service, environment and facility maintenance and as zoo keepers. The summer workers must be 18 years of age and sufficient education or studies are required for the zoo keeping tasks. Summer workers are hired for part-time and full-time jobs of different durations. The City of Helsinki is a partner of the A Responsible Summer Job campaign for the sixth consecutive year. The campaign, run by the Economic Information Office TAT, challenges employers to offer young people more and better summer jobs.About 1,000 City of Helsinki summer jobs are reserved for young people applying for their first job. The application period for summer jobs meant for 1617-year-olds and jobs in a summer cleaning project (Siisti kes) meant for 1620-year-olds, is shorter than usual, 5-19 March.The summer cleaning project will hire both young people with previous work experience and others without any work experience. Roughly 300 workers of the project will help keep parks, squares, street sides, sports sites and beaches tidy.With the Summer voucher, the City of Helsinki reimburses employers who hire 9th graders between 3 June and 13 August for 300 euros of the total pay. A voucher is given to every 9th grader in Helsinki, 5,203 pupils in total. Every 9th grader in Helsinki is given a numbered and personal voucher for the reimbursement.A voucher holder can accept a summer job with any business, association, foundation or parish. Last year, the Summer voucher helped create 1,000 new summer jobs.The City of Helsinki expects voucher employers to comply with the principles of the A Responsible Summer Job 2018 campaign.The City of Helsinki participates in the A Responsible Summer Job campaign as an employer and continues as a partner of the campaign during the summer job season 2018.Further informationCity of Helsinki summer jobs and summer temporary postsSummer voucher 2018A Responsible Summer Job 2018
  Air quality monitoring sites in the Helsinki metropolitan area now include Helsinkis South Harbour, where a movable monitoring station measures air pollution from vessels and harbour traffic.Air quality monitoring in the metropolitan area is carried out by Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority HSY, which monitors air quality with fixed and movable monitoring stations.The fixed stations in Helsinki are placed at Mannerheimintie 5 and Mkelnkatu 50 in the city centre, at the Kallio sports field and in Vartiokyl.The movable air quality monitoring stations change places annually. Helsinkis South Harbour is one of four new sites of the movable monitoring stations this year. Only the movable station placed on Mechelininkatu in Helsinki continues operation at the same site from 2017 to 2018 to monitor air quality in this busy street canyon.This year, the HSY air quality monitoring network in the metropolitan area is complemented with 15 monitoring sites equipped with light state-of-the-art air quality monitoring instruments, that is, air quality sensors. The new sensor sites are part of a research project combining Finnish technologies and local competencies to produce data for accurate reports on current and future local air quality.The new air quality monitoring sites will help us to produce comprehensive air quality data from the metropolitan area for over a year. In addition, the sites will produce information on variations in air quality when measured at different elevations and at different distances from roads and streets, says Maria
Myllynen, head of the HSY air protection unit.Air quality monitoring stations and sites gather data on particles in air, ultrafine particles and nitrogen oxide concentrations, among other pollutants. Especially elderly people, small children and people with respiratory and cardiovascular disorders can be adversely affected by exposure to air pollution. Exposure can be avoided by paying close attention to current air quality, Myllynen says.Myllynen reminds the public, You can check the current air quality on the HSY website. To check air qualityRead more:
quality in Helsinki Metropolitan Area Air
quality monitoring stations Helsinki as testbed for pioneering urban air quality system
"City of Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori is currently visiting Tallinn and meeting Mayor of Tallinn Taavi Aas. Today, both Mayors participated in the seminar of the FinEst Link Project in Tallinn, and the results of the study published at the event show that a fast tunnel connection between Helsinki and Tallinn would bring about wide-ranging societal and economic benefits not only for both city regions and nations, but for the entire Europe as well. ""Helsinki and Tallinn are both powerhouses of their respective national economies, and their success affects the entire country. Due to the strongly integrated labour markets of the cities, the Port of Helsinki has grown to become the world's busiest sea passenger port in terms of the number of passengers. The fluency of the connections is a prerequisite for the continued twin city development in the future. A comprehensive investigation of the tunnel alternative is natural in this situation"", says Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.The FinEst Link Project is focused on improving the connections between Helsinki and Tallinn and reducing the carbon dioxide emissions. The project has also worked to estimate the prerequisites for building a tunnel connection and its socioeconomic impact on the development of the HelsinkiTallinn twin city. Functional traffic and transport is an integral part of the HelsinkiTallinn twin city. The traffic and transport streams running through the ports of Helsinki strengthen the entire Helsinki Region and the twin city. The tunnel plans show just how important the functionality of the twin city's internal traffic and transport is deemed. The Helsinki Region and Tallinn have a combined population of approximately two million, and together the area forms a medium-sized European metropolis.Further informationThe FinEst Link Project"
The results of the FinEst Link project, published earlier today, state that a fast connection between Helsinki and Tallinn could bring major regional, national benefits and growth potential for Europe.According to the FinEst Link feasibility study, the railway tunnel would help create a metropolitan twin-city region of three million inhabitants in the future where people, goods and services could move around easily. The expanding labour market would create economic growth, open new possibilities for businesses and improve the quality of life. The HelsinkiTallinn tunnel with travel time of only 30 minutes would enable daily commuting across the Gulf of Finland and connect the rail network from Central Europe via Finland to the Arctic. The feasibility study is made as conventional railway both for passengers and freight and good connection to both countries transport systems. From the viewpoint of deeper twin-city integration and regional development there could be major benefits from the tunnel. Geographically Finland resembles an island and the tunnel would offer a connection to the Central European rail network, says FinEst Link Project Director Kari Ruohonen.The FinEst Link project published the results of the feasibility study in the final conference held in Tallinn. The economic and technical feasibility, impacts and costs of a railway tunnel between Helsinki and Tallinn were widely discussed by speakers such as Prime Minister of Estonia Jri Ratas, Transport Minister Anne Berner and Kadri Simson, the Mayors of Helsinki and Tallinn Jan Vapaavuori and Taavi Aas, Regional Mayor Ossi Savolainen from Helsinki-Uusimaa region and Chairman of the Board Andre Sepp from the Union of Harju County Municipalities. In the FinEst Link project, the investment cost of the railway tunnel has been estimated at 1320 billion euros. The project uses a mean value of 16 billion euros. The amount includes, for instance, tunnel construction, two artificial islands, planning costs, stations, terminals and depots excluding however the costs for rolling stock. The tunnel project could be economically feasible by using a public-private partnership model where the private sector finances the building of the tunnel. and an EU grant would be needed to cover 40 % of the costs. After becoming operational, the ticket revenues from the trains and tunnel fees would cover the annual operational and maintenance costs of the tunnel. In addition, the train operation requires subsidies. The subsidy from Finland and Estonia is 280 million euros per year for 40 years. After a planning phase, the building and boring of the tunnel could start in 2025 and be built in 15 years. The tunnel would be ready for passengers and cargo in 2040. The FinEst Link project analysed the economic and technical feasibility of a railway tunnel for passenger and cargo traffic using a conventional rail operation concept but asked for ideas from new technology developers presented their ideas and solutions at the Tallinn final conference. Emerging innovations such as technological development and innovative financial solutions could increase the feasibility of the fixed link and shorten its planning schedule, estimates Project Director Kari Ruohonen.The FinEst Link feasibility study presents an operational model where at peak hours passenger trains run at 20-minute intervals at 200km/h. The travel time is 30 minutes and single ticket costs 18 euros. The price of a frequent traveller ticket is 15 euros and of a 30-day ticket 480 euros. Approximately 40 passenger trains run between Helsinki and Tallinn daily.Car shuttle trains, truck trains and cargo trains run approximately 30 times per day at the speed of 120160 kilometers per hour. Transferring a private car in shuttle costs 70 euros. The FinEst Link final report identifies a tunnel system with two single-track tunnels and one service tunnel with cross-passages. Rails for crossing cargo trains are built in the stations. The maintenance of the tunnel is carried out at night time.In the study, the tunnel alignment with stations, terminals and depots has been defined. On the Finnish side, there are three stations for passenger traffic: Helsinki city centre, Pasila and Helsinki-Vantaa airport.The terminals and depots on the Finnish side could be located at the noise area of the airport. The terminals would serve the cargo traffic of all Finland. The tunnel would connect fluently to the planned Ring Road 4 (Keh 4) and other road network, to logistic terminals and to the Hanko-Hyvink track creating a well-functioning connection to the rest of Finland.In Tallinn, the tunnel would reach lemiste which is a growing commercial area a bit more than three kilometers distance from the Old Town. Located close to the Tallinn airport, lemiste has a recently opened tram connection to the city center. The terminals and depots would be located at the airport noise area and close to the logistic areas. For freight transport, the tunnel would connect to the Muuga terminal which is the largest cargo harbor in Estonia.In the tunnel, the tracks would have the European gauge of 1435 mm but when joining the planned Airport Line in Helsinki, a part of the tunnel tube would have both tracks: the European standard and the Finnish one (1524 mm).The HelsinkiTallinn tunnel alignment is 103 kilometers long which by the current standards would be the longest undersea railway tunnel in the world. According to the FinEst Link calculations, approximately 12,5 million passengers would take the train and 10,5 million the fast ferries totalling to 23 million passengers per year in 2050. Currently approximately nine million passengers travel between the cities per year. A significant increase to the passenger volumes comes from daily commuters who would have whole new possibilities for living and working, explains Kari Ruohonen.The FinEst Link project foresees significant growth potential for cargo if the tunnel is built. According to its estimations 4 million tons of cargo would run both in the tunnel and on the ferries resulting to a total of 8 million tons per year in 2050. Currently the amount of cargo between Helsinki and Tallinn is approximately 3.8 million tons.The FinEst Link feasibility study estimates the passenger and cargo volumes to double or triple in the next 30 years. Also, the volumes in the ferries would continue to grow even if the tunnel is built.FinEst LinkThe project is led by HelsinkiUusimaa Regional Council in partnership with the Cities of Helsinki and Tallinn, Union of Harju County Municipalities, Finnish Transport Agency and the Estonian Ministry of Economic Affairs and Communications.Co-funding received from the EUs Interreg Central Baltic programmeBudget is 1.3 million euros for 20162018Consultants of the FinEst Link feasibility study are: Amberg Engineering, Sweco Finland, WSP, Ramboll Finland, Sito, Pyry, Strafica, Kaupunkitutkimus TA, Inspira and Rebel Group. Visual materials by Kairo Design Agency.More informationFinEst Link ProjectThe FinEst Link Final ReportThe FinEst Link brochure
The around-the-clock availability of urgent and essential social and health care services will be ensured despite the strike banning overtime and shift changes imposed by municipal sector labour unions. The strike may cause some local disruptions in services, however. For more information on our services, please visit our service locations or contact:
Medical Aid Services will be transferred from the temporary premises in Kontula to Malmi hospital on 12 February 2018. The Laakso Medical Aid Services unit will continue to operate as usual.Tel. 310 47589 (telephone hours: MonFri, 9:0015:00)Talvelantie 6, building 1800700 Helsinki(open MonFri 8:0016:00)Tel. 310 47589 (telephone hours: MonFri 9:0015:00)Lkrinkatu 8 S00250 Helsinki(open MonThu 8:0016:00, Wed 8:0018:00, Fri 8:0016:00)Return and maintenance of medical aids:Lkrinkatu 8 V, 00250 Helsinki(open MonFri 8:0016:00)The Kontula Medical Aid Services will close on Thursday 8 February 2018.On the moving day, Friday 9 February 2018, medical aid services will be provided at the Laakso Medical Aid Services unit. Medical Aid Services
There are cancellations to Metro and tram services due to a ban on overtime and shift swaps announced by the Trade Union for the Public and Welfare Sectors JHL. Most Metro and tram drivers belong to JHL.The ban means that, for example, services are cancelled if a Metro or tram driver is sick and there is no standby driver available. In addition, if there is no driver for the next service(s) on a route, the vehicle must be returned to depot and retrieved from the depot when a driver is available. This means that if one driver is missing, several services are affected.The number of cancelled services varies daily depending on the availability of drivers. A service is cancelled if the driver is sick and there is no standby driver. This means that in most cases, the cancelled services are not known much in advance. The routes affected depend on what routes and services the driver who has taken ill was supposed to be driving.Especially in the case of the Metro, services are operated on overtime hours because the demand for drivers has been higher than expected as the extended Metro services require more drivers than anticipated.HKL is continuously training new drivers. A number of new drivers completed their training in January.- At the moment, there are only few standby Metro drivers which means that there are cancellations because of the overtime ban, says Arttu Kuukankorpi, Director of Traffic Operations Unit at HKL.HKL and HSL inform passengers about changes to services and about cancelled services via the HSL disruption information service. In addition, there are audio announcement at stations, if need be. HKL apologizes for the inconvenience caused to passengers.JHL announced the overtime ban on last Thursday and the ban took effect on Monday 5 February at 6am. The ban will continue until further notice. The ban is related to municipal labor agreement talks.
The application period for the City of Helsinki Research Grants, totalling 73,000 euros, was open until 7 March 2018. The research grants are intended for post-graduate students with a Masters or equivalent degree (working on doctoral or licentiate theses). Also post doc research projects are eligible for the grants.Grants may be awarded for research focusing on: city economy and preconditions for business operations,
 organisation and evaluation of services produced or ordered by the city, living environment, well-being, history and urban life in Helsinki, or issues related to economic and cultural dynamism and internationalisation in Helsinki.The grants will be awarded in MayJune. All applications must be submitted by Wednesday 7 March, 12:00 noon. Please see the application form below for more detailed instructions on how to apply. For further information, you can also contact Research Director Katja Vilkama, tel. +358(0)9 310 78396, e-mail: katja.vilkama(at)hel.fi (between 12 February and 7 March). Application form in English (pdf)Application form in English (doc)
Helsinki is fast developing into an international city of tea: the popularity of tea has grown significantly in the capital of the promised land of coffee. Helsinki is home to a notable number of shops specializing in tea, with selections featuring fine tea brands and world-leading tea products. These shops represent a wide variety of tea cultures, from Russia to China, from South Korea to the British Isles to Austria. Most of the shops hold tastings and provide tea training.The tea society Teen
Ystvt ry (Friends of Tea) has published a map of the Helsinki TEA DISTRICT, which takes readers on a TEA WALK in the city, allowing them to be acquainted with the tea cultures present in Helsinki. The tour can end with the traditional Afternoon Tea at Caf Aalto or Salutorget restaurant, or with a ferry trip to Caf Samovarbar on the Suomenlinna islands.The tea destinations of Helsinkis TEA DISTRICT are identified with the districts symbol, a sticker of the shape of a tea jug, attached to the front door or window of the outlet. The TEA DISTRICT destinations are members of Teen Ystvt ry (Friends of Tea). Today 6th February is also Tea Day and the theme this year is Taste Tea!Teenystavat.fi (the tea societys website, in Finnish only)
The brand-new Kalasatama Health and Well-being Centre will open its doors on Typajankatu 14A in February.The Health and Well-being Centre will provide an extensive range of services under one roof. The services of the Herttoniemi, Kallio and Vallila health stations and dental clinics will be transferred to Kalasatama. The Health and Well-being Centre will also provide services such as rehabilitation, psychiatric and substance abuse services, social services for young people and adults, and services for disabled people and immigrants (see the list below).The Kalasatama Health and Well-being Centre will also provide care management, social welfare counselling and housing consultation for elderly people.
Many of the services of the Kalasatama Health and Well-being Centre will be available on weekdays from 7.00 am to 8.00 pm. The extended opening hours are especially beneficial to customers who prefer to use the services after 4.00 pm due to their work schedules, for example.Easy to find We want Kalasatama to be easy to come to and its services easy to use.The Kalasatama Health and Well-being Centre is located by the metro station. Bus 26 stops in front of the building. Buses such as 58 and 59 (Itvyl stop), as well as 55 and 56 (Typajankatu stop), also stop near the Health and Well-being Centre. For private cars, there is a parking areaat Capellan puistotie.Map of KalasatamaThe following units and services will be transferred to the Kalasatama Health and Well-being Centre:
The Metro, tram services and nearly all bus services to be disrupted on Friday 2 February due to a strike.The Metro and tram services will not operate on Friday 2 February due to a strike. The services will operate as usual from Saturday morning. Most bus services in the HSL area will not run on Friday 2 February 3am-6pm.Bus services are expected to resume gradually after 6pm. Late night services and night bus services are expected to operate normally.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport, list of bus services operating during the strike
The Mayor of Helsinki, Jan Vapaavuori, holds his first resident evening at the school Myllypuron peruskoulu on Thursday 1 February at 18:30.Ask the city and the experts will respond. Thank you for all participants, we receiveda total of 76 comments. Read moreMayor Jan Vapaavuori is the sixth leader of the city to continue the resident evening tradition. Resident evenings have been held since 1975. The first one was held on the initiative of Teuvo Aura.The event is organised by the City of Helsinki in cooperation with Myllypuro-Seura ry, Myllrinlaakson Omakotiyhdistys ry, Lions Club Helsinki/Myllypuro ry and Myllypuron Martat ry.You can meet the experts at the pop up market in Myllypuro already at 17:00.Students of the school are selling coffee and pastries. Childcare for children over 3 years old.Read more:Helsinki-kanavaKerro kantasi questionnaireEvent invitation on FacebookThe Mayor's resident evening on FacebookPast resident evenings on the Helsinki channel
Helen and Skanska are investigating the possibility of building a gigantic seasonal storage facility for heat energy in the old rock caverns located beneath Kruunuvuori in Helsinki. There are reportedly no other similar solutions implemented anywhere else in the world.The seasonal energy storage solution is being outlined as part of the energy system of an ecological district with a new way of utilising sea water heated by the sun and the recycled heat of residential buildings. The envisaged project will utilise the rock caverns located beneath Kruunuvuori, one of which has previously been used as an oil stockpile. The total capacity of the caverns is 300,000 m3 and they are located about 50 metres below sea level. The energy solution designed by Helen is based on a model where heat pumps are used for the heating and cooling of buildings. In summer, the caverns will be filled with surface water heated by the sun and collected from Kruunuvuorenselk, and in the winter this water is utilised as the energy source for heat pumps. In the summer season, surplus solar heat from buildings is also collected for processing and recycling for the use of the residents. Therefore, in the model, the sea water and buildings heated by the sun function as a source of heat for the heat pumps, and heat is collected and distributed in the heating networks in the district.Kruunuvuorenranta offers urban living in a marine environment, close to nature. The high-end residential district will be built in Kruunuvuorenranta in place and in the immediate vicinity of the Laajasalo oil harbour. The future district of Kruunuvuorenranta will be among the most prominent maritime facades of the city. Kruunuvuorenranta will be completed by 2030, and it will offer homes to 13,000 residents.Read more:Helen
  The Helsinki City Board has allocated close to 1.5 million euros to efforts to improve the labour market conditions for immigrants. The funds are aimed at speeding up their employment. The funds are targeted at those immigrants in Helsinki whose integration process and labour market conditions can be improved with rapid, customized action.The programmes that the funds support include the following: a programme combining work trials, paid work and language training, the so-called TKP operation model, conducted by the City Executive Offices Economic Development division the strengthening of the rapid employment channel of The Skills Center (Stadin osaamiskeskus in Finnish) and cooperation with enterprises and the continuation of the practices of International House Helsinki to provide immigrants with advisory services and services for dealings with the authorities. International House Helsinki has been in operation since December 2017. The funds allocated to programmes conducted by the City Executive Office total close to one million euros.An appropriation of 377,100 euros granted to the City of Helsinki Education Division will make it possible for the division to continue the KOTIVA programme to provide Finnish and Swedish language instruction for parents caring for their children at home. Language instruction can be provided for 180 parents during the current year. The programme consists of 14 courses at various competency levels supported with child care. Child care is organized during the courses with the support of Helsinki public playgrounds and contracted organizations. The funds allocated to the Education Division total close to half a million euros.Detailed information about the activities to be conducted with the funds can be found on the City Board meeting
agenda (item 27).The City Board has approved an agreement on collaboration in urban studies with the University of Helsinki and Aalto University. The term of the agreement is 20182023. The University of Helsinki will open an institute for urban studies during 2018, and this institute will collaborate with Aalto Universitys multidisciplinary Living+ platform. Funding provided by the cities of Helsinki, Espoo and Vantaa will be channeled to the new urban studies institute, to be distributed by the University of Helsinki to its various faculties and to Aalto University.One of the goals of the agreement on the funding of the urban studies collaboration and the activities of postdoc researchers is to maintain the high quality of urban studies and to support the studies societal impact.The City of Helsinki will fund the activities of two researchers in 2018 and the activities of three researchers annually during 20192023. Espoo and Vantaa will each fund one researchers activities in 2018, and they will together fund three researchers activities annually during 20192023. The cities can define the themes of the research on their own. The total cost to the City of Helsinki caused by the agreement is 1,360,000 euros.
From the beginning of February 2018, tram drivers will no longer sell tickets. Ending ticket sales by drivers reduces the amount of time trams spent at stops. This means faster and more punctual tram services and delivering improved level of service.Tram tickets will continue to be available from ticket machines and with Travel Card.A vast majority of single tickets sold are already mobile tickets or Travel Card value tickets. Single tickets are also available from ticket machines, kiosks and stores, says Mari Flink, HSLs Director of Customer Experience and Sales. The sales of mobile tickets has increased by 300 per cent and the array of tickets available on mobile devices is expanding.In addition, single tickets are available from nearly 400 parking ticket machines in Helsinki. HSL's tickets are available from machines accepting card payments.Read more:Helsinki Region TransportSales Points 
The City of Helsinki and Beijing Municipality will organize, in cooperation with their partners, a Beijing Week event in Helsinki from 7-9 February. The event consists of a Science and Technology Startup Forum, as well as a winter sports seminar. Held for the first time, the event brings startup entrepreneurs, business leaders, financiers, winter sports experts, and other influencers from Helsinki and Beijing together.On Wednesday 7 February, Helsinki City Hall will play host to the Science and Technology Startup Forum, which focuses on artificial intelligence, clean and intelligent solutions, and health and well-being technologies. There are more than 300 participants from close to 100 startups, and dozens from other companies attending.At the same time, a winter sports seminar in the Empire room of City Hall will address issues such as energy efficiency in sports arenas, organizing sporting events, and promoting Chinas winter sports. Due to the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics, winter sports and expertise related to it have become a hot topic throughout the whole of China. Wanting to succeed in their upcoming Winter Games, the country is invoking foreign know-how for their preparations.Helsinkis rapidly evolving startup ecosystem, strategic location between Europe and Asia, and expertise in technology particularly attract Chinese investors and companies, says Mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori.Beijing Week implements the sister city cooperation between Helsinki and Beijing, and is organized as part of the Chinese New Year. In addition to the main event at Helsinki City Hall, approximately 60 Chinese visitors arriving in Helsinki will attend introductory visits and related events.We will arrange over 300 scheduled appointments between Helsinki and Beijing organizations over the course of a couple of days. In addition, we are taking our Chinese attendees to visit Helsinki-based companies, says Marja-Leena Rinkineva, Director of Economic Development at the City of Helsinki.Beijing Week is organized by the NewCo Helsinki entrepreneurial advisory service, Helsinki Business Hub, Beijing Municipal Science & Technology Commission, Beijing Association for International Science & Technology Cooperation, business accelerator COMB+, supported by the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade Beijing Sub-Council and the Chinese Association of Science and Technology in Finland.Useful facts about collaboration between Finland and China On 5 April 2017, Chinese President Xi Jinping and Finnish President Sauli Niinist sign a Joint Declaration establishing a future-oriented cooperative partnership. Helsinki and Beijing have been sister cities since July 2006. The cooperation has been particularly active in the fields of culture and education. Industrial political cooperation has strengthened during the past few years. On 29 August 2017, Beijing Municipality and the City of Helsinki sign a three-year cooperation action plan, in which the five most important themes for the cooperation between the cities are defined (winter sports, culture, schools and education, design, and startup companies). In the new city strategy of Helsinki, Beijing is appointed as a central foreign collaboration city.NewCo HelsinkiNewCo Helsinki is part of the Economic Department of the City of Helsinki. NewCo Helsinki offers services for entrepreneurs seeking guidance and support, whether in establishing a company or running a startup. Our mission is to grow the number of successful companies and entrepreneurs in the Helsinki region. For more information, visit www.newcohelsinki.fiHelsinki Business HubHelsinki Business Hub is a business community in the Helsinki region that supports foreign companies to invest and develop in the metropolitan area as well as Finnish startups to internationalize. In addition, Helsinki Business Hub strengthens the domestic startup ecosystem by helping international investors find investment opportunities in Finland. For more information, visit www.helsinkibusinesshub.fiBeijing Municipal Science & Technology Commission (BMS&TC)BMS&TC is an administrative agency under the Beijing municipal government which is responsible for implementing national science and technology laws and regulations. Additionally, the agency formulates local science and technology development plans and policies in key fields such as electronic information, equipment manufacturing, and biomedicine.For more information, visit www.ebeijing.gov.cnCOMB+COMB+ is a full-lifecycle entrepreneurship platform dedicated to creating an ecosystem to help global startups realize their dreams. As a new-generation innovation incubator, COMB+ has a unique platform + investment business model with a focus on startups in technology and cultural industries. By offering services that cover the full entrepreneurship life cycle, COMB+ helps startups achieve accelerated growth in China and beyond. For more information visit www.sinotrackaccelerator.com and www.combplus.comEvent in social media#HelsinkiBeijingMore informationBeijing-Helsinki Science & Technology Startup Forum 2018
In Helsinki, the city bike season will open in April, while in Espoo, city bikes will be available from the beginning of May. Registration will open in mid-March and the services will operate in an integrated way. The popular city bike service will expand in 2018. In Helsinki, the city bike season will start earlier than before in response to customer feedback. The bikes will hit the streets in April the exact time depends on the weather and when the spring clean-up of streets is completed. There will be 70 bike stations in Espoo. As setting up bike stations takes some time, the city bike season will begin on 2 May in Espoo. The city bike services of the two cities will operate in an integrated way. Customers register with one system and pay a season pass fee. The bikes can be used for rides between cities, from Espoo to Helsinki and vice versa. From May 2018, customers can return bikes at any city bike station in Helsinki or Espoo. Users can use the service as before but in a wider area. There will in total 2,200 bikes at 150 bikes stations in Helsinki and 70 stations in Espoo. There may be minor changes to the locations of some bike stations. Due to the expansion of the service, the fee for the full season will increase by five euros. This year, the fee for the full season from April (from May in Espoo) to the end of October is 30 euros. Otherwise prices will remain unchanged. A day pass costs five euros, a weekly pass ten euros. After the first 30 minutes, customers pay one euro per 30 minutes for uninterrupted use of a bike. The maximum time of use is five hours at a time. HKLs Board of Governors and the Technical Services Committee of the City of Espoo decided the fees on 24 January. Once the season is over, revenue from the service will be divided between HKL and Espoo in proportion to the number of journeys made in each city. In 2017, HKL received about 1.2 million euros in revenue from the city bike service, making the service self-supporting, i.e. the income and expenses were nearly equal. Last summer, HSL conducted a usability evaluation of the digital services of the city bike system. In addition, a customer survey was conducted at the end of the season. On the basis of these studies and customer feedback, HSL decided to redesign the http://www.hsl.fi/citybikes service.Registration for the full season is scheduled to open in mid-March. In addition, city bikes will be included in the new HSL app. The first version of the app will be published during the late winter.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport
  The biggest changes in Helsinki public transport in 2018 will be made to crosstown services at Pasila level, the bus network in the Herttoniemi area and services to fast growing areas around the region. These changes are included in the transport service plan 20182019 of Helsinki Region Transport (HSL) approved by the HSL Executive Board on Tuesday 23 January.Many routes will run at a higher frequency, and services will be increased in many areas at nights and on weekends. In addition, services will be expanded to new areas in the region.Crosstown bus services will improve
especially at Pasila level from 13 August, as services shift to autumn timetables. Buses 58 and 551 will be rerouted to run on future trunk routes 500 and 510.Bus 58 (on future trunk route 500) will continue to run from Munkkivuori to Itkeskus via Pasila, with minor changes to the route in Herttoniemi. Bus 551 (on future trunk route 510) will be extended from Pasila to Herttoniemi, enabling three-minute headways between Munkkiniemi, Pasila and Herttoniemi at peak times.At the same time, the eastern terminus of buses 50 and 59 will be moved to Kalasatama to improve bus links in the new area. Bus 59 will be serving on Saturdays and Sundays as well as weekdays.Crosstown bus route 506 (MeilahtiPasilaArabiaViikkiMyllypuro) will also start running on Sundays. Bus 57 and trunk route 560 will operate at a higher frequency on Sundays.Bus services will extend to new developing areas around the region. Route 43 will be extended from Hakuninmaa to Kuninkaantammi in June. A new night bus service 87N will start serving Kruunuvuorenranta in Laajasalo as autumn timetables go into effect.In Southern Helsinki, transport links inside and across the area will improve as autumn timetables go into effect. Bus 17 will be rerouted to run on route KallioKruununhakaMarket SquareEiranranta with more frequent service. The section no longer served by bus 17 will be replaced by bus 21, which will start running from Lauttasaari via Viiskulma to Eira instead of Erottaja.In Herttoniemi, feeder buses 80, 82 and 83 will start running more frequently. The terminus of bus 80 will move from the Roihupelto industrial area to Itkeskus, enabling a more frequent service between Roihuvuori and Itkeskus closer to trunk-line level of service.There
will be no major changes to train services. I, P and K trains will run at 10-minute frequency one hour longer on weekdays and Saturdays, that is, until 20:30.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport
Sauli Niinist continues as thepresident of Finland.
Results by candidate will be published for the whole country, electoral district, municipality and polling area. The confirmed results will be ready and published by Tuesday 30th January after every electoral district has confirmed their results.Results of the presidential election
In Finland, the election day is Sunday 28 January. In Finland, the President of the Republic is elected by a direct vote. The presidential election may consist of two rounds, if necessary. The first round of the election will be conducted on Sunday 28 January.On the election day, voters may vote only at the polling station specified in the polling card. On the election day, the polling stations are open at 920.View larger mapEvery Finnish citizen who has reached the age of 18 no later than on the day of the first election is eligible to vote in the presidential election. In the presidential election, the voters may vote either on the election day or in advance during the advance voting period. Voters must present a photo ID when voting.The advance voting period in the possible second round is in Finland from 31 January to 6 February.Read more:Election of the President of the Republic 2018List of candidates in the Presidential Elections Information about the presidential elections in different languages 
Elections and voting in Finland
"Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori announcedJanuary 25thin his speech at the Ratkaisu 18 event that the City of Helsinki will recruit a Chief Digital Officer.According to Helsinki's new strategy, Helsinki aims to be the city in the world that best capitalises on digitalisation ""The City needs a visionary to head this development. That is why I am going to hire a CDO, or Chief Digital Officer, to work for the City of Helsinki"", says Vapaavuori.In the new City Strategy, Helsinkis vision is to be the worlds most functional city. Digitalisation plays an integral role in the realisation of this vision. There are already several digitalisation projects underway at the City and open data has become an organic part of the City of Helsinki's operations. Helsinki aims for a pioneer position in the digitalisation development. ""The CDO that we are looking for will bring forward-leaning thinking to the City. The Chief Digital Officer will possess a strong, independent position. His or her task is to be a promoter of the possibilities of digitalisation on all organisational levels"", Vapaavuori adds."
"The Mayor emphasises that as a working environment, the City offers exceptional opportunities for the upcoming Chief Digital Officer. ""Taking the country's capital to the top of the digitalisation development is very interesting, and a significant task even from an international perspective. For an experienced visionary, the position offers a true possibility to develop the world's most forward-looking everyday life for the residents of the city.The urbanisation development further strengthens the global importance of cities. The possibilities of digitalisation are either made use of or left unused in the cities. ""A successful city must be at the forefront of the development"", Vapaavuori underlines.The Chief Digital Officer works at the City Executive Office, reporting directly to the City Manager. The recruitment process will commence during the next few weeks."
When a private person moves to a country, there are several necessary public authority issues, which, when dealt with, may strike one as a mixed bag of different kinds of parties and modes of operation. The City of Helsinki's immigration information service has worked with the At work in Finland project to bring a web service, with the help of which the immigrant may go through his or her public authority path virtually, even before moving or immediately after having moved.The WelcomeGuide.fi service produces each user's own, tailor-made guide containing the things that he or she needs to sort out with the public authorities, as well as information about the order in which it should be done.The target group of the web service consists of people with a foreign background, who come to Finland to work, find work or study, and of their family members. The service can be used in the country of provenance or upon arrival in Finland.A goal of the Helsinki region is to be increasingly international. WelcomeGuide plays a part in making it easier to settle in the area. Get to know the serviceWelcomeGuide.fi
"  The Participation Game, which was launched last year as an internal tool at the City, has attracted interest around the world. According to its new strategy, the City is not a bureaucracy, but a place and a community, where the residents actively take part in the development and improvement of things. This promise is fulfilled through a board game that activates participation in a new way  the Participation Game.The Participation Game, developed under the direction of the City Executive Office's participation unit, helps city employees consider how the operations and services can be planned to be even better  together with the residents. The Game helps city employees ask different resident groups smarter questions about the things under preparation.""Currently, the Game has been tried out by more than 2,000 city employees and it has already been played almost 250 times. Now the Game has attracted interest abroad as well, and we have been approached almost daily by cities, the media and educational institutes with questions concerning this Game. The Participation Game, designed as a board game, is thus currently being translated into English"", says Titta Reunanen, Head of Citizen Co-operation at the City of Helsinki."
  The latest contacts have been made from the USA, from Blacksburg, Greensboro and Louisville, and in the UK the Game has attracted interest at least in some London-based media and in Dudley.The Game will be distributed domestically, as the Association of Finnish Local and Regional Authorities is making a version of the Game that suits smaller municipalities as well.Participation
is not the same thing as agreeing
"The Game emphasises new and old things that people want to do a little bit better. The Hellon service design agency was a collaborator of the City and the employees in the development of the Game. The Game is led by a trained facilitator, otherwise it can be played by anyone who is interested in the services and operations of the City and the development of them. ""The aim of the participation is not that eventually everyone is of the same opinion. In the best-case scenario, participation leads to a situation where the personnel that develop services understand what participation means in their own jobs and how it is currently being realised. After that, it is possible to agree upon practical measures for developing participation in the future"", says Tommi"
Laitio of the Participation Game working group.At the Culture and Leisure Division, the Game has yielded plenty of ideas and methods to increase the residents' opportunities to influence. The ideas have concerned digital participation, joint improvement of the habitability in areas and premises as well as many kinds of pop-up events, which can be brought into public spaces in different parts of the City. The most feasible ideas will be made a part of the plans of action.Bloombergcities: How Helsinki uses a board game to promote public participation
We will hold three open doors days at the new centre in Kalasatama before the opening. Come when it suits you:Info sessions and tours of the facility start every half an hour. Come and join us!Kalasatama
Health and Well-being Centre to open in FebruaryThe Kalasatama Health and Well-being Centre will open on Monday 5 February. Kalasatama will provide residents of Helsinki with smoother access to a broader range of social and health services than before, all under one roof.The services of the health stations and dental clinics of Herttoniemi, Kallio and Vallila will be transferred to the Kalasatama Health and Well-being Centre. Maternity and child health clinic services will remain in Kallio and Vallila. The Health and Well-being Centre will also provide services such as rehabilitation, psychiatric and substance abuse services, social services for young people and adults, and services for disabled people and immigrants. The Kalasatama Health and Well-being Centre will be open on weekdays 7:0020:00. Find us
easilyThe Health and Well-being Centre is located at Typajankatu 14 A. There is a great deal of construction underway in the Kalasatama area, but the centre is still easy to find (see the map below).The public transport connections are great, we recommend using them.See you in Kalasatama!
Deputy Mayor Pia Pakarinen spoke at the publication ceremony for the Global Talent Competitiveness Index (GTCI) study in Davos, Switzerland on Monday 22 January 2018. The publication ceremony is held in connection to the World Economic Forum. Pakarinen was invited as keynote speaker of the event in order to give the perspective of Helsinki and Finland to the study's theme: the significance of diversity when it comes to attracting talents. The results of the study were published on Monday 22 January.
Since 2013, a comparison has been published alongside the GTCI study. The comparison examines the countries' abilities to grow and attract top talents to their region as well as retain them. Except for countries, cities have also been compared since 2016. Finland and Helsinki have usually ranked quite high in the study.Helsinki fifth
in the city comparison  social mobility, formal education, openness and
equality of the sexes some of the strengths
"Finland ranked sixth in the GTCI country comparison this year  that is, three positions better than in the last study. In the city comparison, Helsinki is fifth after Zurich, Stockholm, Oslo and Copenhagen. However, the differences between the Nordic countries are small. According to the study, the strengths of Finland and Helsinki are social mobility, formal education, openness and equality of the sexes. Other strengths are tolerance of minorities and collaboration across organisations.""I am happy for the fact that when comparing the level of attraction, our school system is at the top of the world. Education, social mobility and equality are central strengths of the Finland brand. The City of Helsinki has worked hard on not segregating areas but making sure that all schools are good schools. At day-care centres and schools, we provide the basis for children from different backgrounds to learn to work together,"" Deputy Mayor Pia Pakarinen says of the results.Finland's weaknesses compared to the other countries are the level of internationality and the ability to attract global talent. In the city comparison in 2016, the weakness of Helsinki was bad connections to the airport.""We recognise the challenge  we are not yet international and attractive enough. We are competing for both talents and investments with Stockholm, Copenhagen and Oslo. Helsinki's vision is to be the most functional city in the world. The most functional city is also agile when it comes to serving global talents and companies,"" Pakarinen continues. The GTCI study was carried out as a cooperation between INSEAD, Adecco Group and Tata Communications. According to the City of Helsinki's evaluation, at the moment, the GTCI study is the most promising and methodologically transparent international comparison study of attracting talents. "
Further
information is provided by
Pirre Seppnen, Special Adviser to the Deputy Mayor, tel. 040 7050123, e-mail: pirre.seppanen(at)hel.fiDeputy Mayor Pia Pakarinen, tel. 040 5294989Read more about the GCTI study: https://gtcistudy.com/ 
  Health station customers can now contact their own health station online. The new feature was at first applied only to a part of the city, but has now been extended to all health stations in Helsinki. The customers can use the online form to state what kind of help they need. In non-urgent cases, contacting the health station online makes using the services easier. The customer can contact the health station when it best suits their schedule.We will react to contact requests at the latest the next weekday, on average within a few hours.
The online contact link can be found on the websites of all health stations: www.hel.fi/healthstations. Online bank account details or a mobile certificate is required to login to the service. Customers can still call or come to the health station in person. Tell us what you need help with(direct link to health care formsyou need to log in first)This news has been revised 28 Jan with the last line.
The Finnish Hostel Association has designated Hostel Suomenlinna as the Hostel of the Year 2018. This hostel, owned by the Finnish camp school association, is located in the Helsinki islands destination of Suomenlinna, which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The designation was made by the board of the Finnish Hostel Association on the basis of suggestions received from hostel guests. The board cited feedback received by the hostel, which describes the hostel as rich in character and cozy, as well as acknowledging the hostels good service and unique location.
Hostel Suomenlinna is marked by a strong dedication of the owner and staff to values promoting the hostels distinctive character, customer orientation and sustainable development. The hostels approaches and choices are truly environmentally friendly. The hostel has a homelike and relaxed atmosphere, says CEO Irja Hanelius of the Finnish Hostel Association.
Hostel Suomenlinna has 40 beds. The clientele comprises camp school students, convention and event visitors, and travellers from around the world. Keys to the success of Hostel Suomenlinna are its unique location combined with a good customer experience and the low cost of hostel accommodation. The Finnish Hostel Association designates one outstanding Finnish hostel a year with the honorary title Hostel of the Year. The designation has been conferred annually since 2004. The 2017 Hostel of the Year was Dream Hostel & Hotel in Tampere.Read
more:Hostel
on an island, 15 minutes from the cityFinnish
hostelshttps://www.facebook.com/hostellimatkahttps://twitter.com/hifinland
During the spring, early childhood education client fee decisions are to become electronic, and client families will receive notifications about new client fee decisions by text message and/or email. This change will provide families with faster access to information about decision processing.Fee decisions will be sent electronically to the personal e-services folder of the guardian whose details have been provided to the Client Fee Unit. The fee decision will be sent to the personal e-services folder even if the guardian did not submit the early childhood education application electronically. If the childs guardian does not have a personal e-services folder, the client fee decision will be posted to the guardians home address. Paper client fee decisions can always be requested.How do I sign in to my personal e-services folder?You can sign into your personal e-services folder using your online bank access codes or a mobile certificate. The City of Helsinkis login page features instructions on how to use your personal e-services folder. You can change the contact information used for notifications in your personal e-services folder.Additional informationIf you have any questions related to fee decisions, please contact the Education Divisions client fees departmentvia email: varhaiskasvatus.maksut@hel.fi or phone: +358 (0)9 310 8600 (exchange)Further information about e-services
"Increasingly versatile spaces are situated in a Helsinki that is getting more densely built over time. Thanks to underground building, building land above ground is spared for other purposes.A Latin dance lesson is starting at Maunula Sports Hall. The lesson starts with a warm-up and the instructor, neighbourhood trainer Jenna Haarainen, shows the attendees how it is done. The movements are familiar to the majority of the cheerful group, since many of the attendees are regular clients.The Maunula residents are an active bunch  they are really putting in their best effort at the gym. It gets sweaty when the participants switch from rowing machines to crosstrainers and barbells.The Sports Hall is situated below ground  something that barely comes to mind when training. The residents are so used to their underground facilities. They are places for travelling, parking, eating, drinking, visiting the theatre, target shooting, archiving, storing and servicing.It is Saturday morning at Formula Center in Myllypuro. A group that has been racing their go-karts on the track are taking off their helmets and checking for results from a screen at the caf to see which one of them drove the fastest lap this time. They smile contentedly and give each other high fives for hitting good speeds.This, too, occurs below ground, and this experience attracted Fanny Lpine, a reporter from the French-German TV channel Arte, as well as photographer Elsa Kleinschmager to the tracks. Arte is a culture channel that produces and presents news and documentaries.There are underground spaces in other large cities as well, but in Helsinki they are used in an exceptionally versatile fashion. If need be, Formula Center also functions as a bomb shelter, as does Maunula Sports Hall and for example Itkeskus Swimming Hall.In Helsinki, plenty of technology has been placed below ground, but for example the parliament's secret premises for times of crisis also intersect there. ""Ghost"" metro stations have been dug for future metro routes for instance in Munkkivuori. Helen's artificial reservoirs have been built below Esplanadi and in Pasila. The reservoirs function as energy reserves for the district cooling system.Nearly 400 different facilities have been built below ground. They have been built in different layers: there are tunnels for technical maintenance about 80 meters below ground, and at the deepest point, facilities have been dug at 100 meters below ground.Thanks to underground building, several hundred million euros worth of aboveground building land has been spared for other purposes.In Helsinki, there are 12,7 million cubic metres of rock facilities and 293 kilometres of technical tunnels. The amount corresponds to 117 Parliament Houses. The amount is so massive that, as far as is known, the world's first underground city plan has been drawn up for future building and planning. The plan is currently being updated.Ilkka Vhaho, director of the soil and bedrock unit at the City of Helsinki, points out that it is difficult to later change an already built rock facility, which is one of the reasons for drawing up the city plan.""We want to make sure that all the projects we know about are taken into consideration so we can work on different jobs simultaneously.In the new update for the city plan, a possible underground collector road in the city centre is being prepared for. The City Rail Loop is also included in the city plan.The space in the city centre is getting increasingly cramped, and there are not many free spots for building above ground. This was up for discussion at Amos Anderson Art Museum when its future was considered. A new idea was born and it concerned acquiring more space below ground as well as connecting Lasipalatsi and the museum together as a whole. The project was named Amos Rex and the museum is going to be opened again in May after renovations and building.Museum Director Kai Kartio says that expanding museums below ground is not very exceptional on a global scale.""In our case, the exceptional part is how it was planned. Amos Rex is becoming an architectural attraction,"" Kartio says.The underground building is not something that is emphasised at Amos Rex, quite the opposite. The transition from Lasipalatsi's square under ground is unnoticeable, and natural light is led into the building.Kartio is pleased with the fact that Amos Rex can be built in the centre of Helsinki thanks to the underground facilities. There are also tunnels going from Srninen to Katri Vala underground heating and cooling plant. One of the longest tunnels is the one from the power plant in Vuosaari to Salmisaari.My guide at the heating and cooling plant is Helen's Product Specialist Tuomas Ojanper. He states that the plant is the biggest heat pump plant in the world to produce both district heating and district cooling. Another unique part about the plant is its ability to salvage waste energy for example by using waste water from Viikinmki wastewater treatment plant. At the same time, the thermal stress on the Gulf of Finland caused by waste water is reduced.The technology at the plant is impressive. The heat pump, for instance, is so big that it could not possibly be transported on a regular lorry. The plant's yearly energy production corresponds to the energy needs of a city the size of Kotka. It stands for 7 per cent of the heating in Helsinki and 79 per cent of the cooling.The tunnels in joint use have previously been used for bus transports and tunnel marathons. These days the tunnels are very quiet. So quiet that when the peace-loving sharks from Linnanmki's Sea Life needed a temporary home during a renovation, the sharks were brought under ground. We continue our tour to the Viikinmki wastewater treatment plant. Here it becomes clear that the waste water from Helsinki and the rest of Uusimaa is purified mainly below ground.The wastewater treatment plant is a massive space, all in all over a million cubic metres large or the equivalent of over ten Parliament Houses.Waste water is purified in several different phases, and because of that there are multiple big reservoirs below ground. On a shelf, there are objects that have been found during the first phase. The objects include mobile phones, toy cars and dolls. HSY's Project Manager Anna Kuokkanen says that the purified waste water goes from the place we are standing at in the rock tunnel to ten kilometres from the shore of Katajaluoto, at 20 metres deep. Before that over 90 per cent of the nitrogen, phosphorus and organic matter has been removed from the waste water.Underground Helsinki was presented on the German-French TV channel Arte in the beginning of January, and during spring it is going to be shown to the channel's weekly audience of 21 million viewers.During the Helsinki visit, they filmed for example icebreakers at Pohjoisranta as well as city views from the roof of Hotel Torni. Video in Finnish.Text: Kirsi RiipinenImage: Ilkka Ranta-aho"
This years Lux Helsinki light festival from 6 to 10 January once again set a new record for audience numbers. Well over half a million people enjoyed the light art and magical atmosphere created by the winter festival in the heart of Helsinki. The festival passed off without incident, and the carefully planned and clearly marked route attracted a lot of positive feedback.The official route through the beautiful historical district of Kaartinkaupunki presented a diverse range of light art. Among the 11 installations were several works that had been specially commissioned for Lux Helsinki, including one that utilised ultraviolet paints and others that highlighted architectonic gems.The visual festival and its breathtaking art inspired visitors to publish a record number of photos and videos on social media: for example, almost 15,000 public images were posted on Instagram using the hashtag #luxhelsinki. The popularity of this years light festival extended also to local businesses. For example, participating Lux Helsinki Eat restaurants attracted thousands of customers during the festival. Similarly, the Design Museum, which was situated along this years route, set a new record for the number of visitors already on the first evening and attracted altogether 12,000 visitors during the course of the festival.Lux Helsinki strengthens Helsinkis profile as a multifaceted city of events, and the City of Helsinkis role is to help create and enable the possibilities for this and other happenings. Events are a vital part of Helsinkis urban culture and attractiveness. Each year Lux Helsinki motivates locals to get out during the darkest time of the year, at the same time stimulating sales among local companies along the official Lux Helsinki route and elsewhere in the city centre says Marja-Leena Rinkineva, Director of Economic Development at the City of Helsinki.Curator Ilkka Paloniemi is very happy with how this unique festival has flourished and developed. This years route encompassed new parts of the city and tested virtual reality technology in the light installation at the Espa Stage.Lux Helsinki brought familiar buildings to life and used light to compose a brilliant urban symphony during this dark time of the year, creating indelible memories not only in peoples minds but now also in social media archives, Paloniemi comments.Lux Helsinki
In the tenant mentor initiative, weve noticed that tenants whose Finnish language skills are poor or non-existent often need support with handling matters. Older immigrants in particular need specialised local support in handling matters related to housing, says tenant mentor project employee Seinab Omar Mohamed.The tenant mentor initiative is based on peer support, with immigrant tenants who have integrated into Finnish society well both linguistically and culturally offering their know-how to other tenants in need of it. The aim is to support and strengthen tenants involvement and participation in their own housing.The tenant mentor initiative is currently being conducted in southern and eastern Helsinki, with 13 tenant mentors and a tenant mentor project employee providing services in Finnish, Somali and Arabic. The initiative is also being expanded to northern Helsinki. The aim of the initiative is to help with housing-related situations in which bringing a matter up can help resolve problems before they escalate. Examples of such problems include misunderstandings between neighbours as well as poor understanding of rules and behaviours concerning yard areas, laundry rooms or waste collections facilities. Tenants who participate in the tenant mentor initiative receive professional support provided by housing consultants as well as education and training in tenants rights and obligations, sustainable development themes and the principles of voluntary work, organised in cooperation with the third sector. Interested? For more information, please contact tenant mentor project employee Seinab Omar Mohamed, tel. 040 628 1135 and housing consultant Maarit Lehtinen, tel. 040 846 5509. Dont hesitate to contact us together we can build a better community!
Helsinki
is the number one general port for international freight traffic in FinlandIn 2017, Helsinki grew to become the busiest passenger port in Europe and possibly the entire world with 12.3 million passengers. Passenger numbers continued to increase on the Helsinki-Tallinn route in particular, reflecting the development of Helsinki and Tallinn into twin cities with close economic and social ties. Meanwhile, liner traffic to Stockholm, St Petersburg and Travemnde remained stable, as it has for several years, while international cruise traffic increased significantly.In 2017, the Port of Helsinkis total number of ship passengers grew by 2.4% compared to the previous year. The number of liner traffic passengers alone grew by 1.8%, to 11.8 million. A total of 9 million passengers (+3.2%) passed between Tallinn and Helsinki, while 2.3 million (-0.1%) passed between Stockholm and Helsinki. During the year, Helsinki also recorded 266 international cruise ship visits and 478,000 (+ 16.8%) cruise ship passengers, which was an all-time record.In recent years, shipping companies have introduced larger and faster ships for the Helsinki-Tallinn route, while also increasing their passenger capacities during peak seasons, says Director Kari
Noroviita, who is in charge of passenger harbours at the Port of Helsinki.  The Port of Helsinki, meanwhile, has responded to demand by significantly increasing its capacity for fast scheduled traffic to Tallinn with the opening of the new West Terminal 2 and related area arrangements in February 2017.The united economic area formed by Helsinki and Tallinn is based in part on flexible and frequent ferry traffic between the two cities. One of the latest trends in the area is the increasing popularity of Finland and the Baltic Sea among Asian tourists in particular. The Ports impact on the Helsinki metropolitan areas tourist services, hotel and restaurant industries, transportation and retail trade is significant. Marine passengers bring over EUR 805 million to the Helsinki region annually, and the combined total revenue generated by operations related to the Port is approximately EUR 1.6 billion. Taking into account the local multiplier effect, port-related operations provide jobs for a total of 15,000 employees. (Helsingin sataman vaikuttavuustutkimus 2016 (Port of Helsinki Impact Assessment 2016, in Finnish). See attachment)Finlands economic growth and the centralisation of cargo traffic had a strong impact on ports. The Port of Helsinki achieved record-breaking numbers in 2017, becoming the countrys number one general port for international freight traffic. The total tonnage of international freight traffic handled was 14 million tonnes (+14.3%).The Port of Helsinkis total throughput was 14.3 million tonnes, (+14.2%), of which imports accounted for 7.3 million tonnes (+13.2%) and exports 6.9 million tonnes (+14.6%).The volume of freight transported in large-sized unit loads was 11.89 million tonnes (+12.5%). Of this, container traffic accounted for 491,000 TEU (*), (+8.8%) and rubber-wheel traffic (**) accounted for 587,000 units (+11.1%). The sizes of container and ro-ro ships are growing, which is a trend that has continued for several years now. Traffic volumes are expected to keep increasing in the future as well, predicts Jukka Kallio, the director of Vuosaari Harbour. The
Port of HelsinkiTAK Rajatutkimus 2016, pdf (Border survey, in Finnish)Helsingin sataman vaikuttavuustutkimus 2016, pdf (Port of Helsinki Impact Assessment 2016, in Finnish)Eurostat: Maritime ports freight and passenger statisticsPort of Helsinki Port Statistics
  Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori will speak this week at a joint event of Bloomberg Philanthropies and the City of Helsinki, held in New York City. Mayor Vapaavuori is joined on the trip to the United States by Helsinki Deputy Mayor Anni Sinnemki.Bloomberg Philanthropies is one of the worlds leading foundations focusing on urban issues. The founder is the former mayor of New York City Michael R. Bloomberg. Helsinki seeks to be the worlds best testing platform for innovations, and the objective of the event is to discuss the experiences and lessons that Helsinki and the Nordic model could offer to U.S. cities, as well as raising Helsinkis profile as a pioneer city. A keynote address by Mayor Vapaavuori at the event will be followed by a panel discussion, in which Helsinki will be represented by Deputy Mayor Sinnemki.Cities will play an increasing role in solving global problems in the future. Its important for cities to form international networks, and Helsinki attracts global interest as a pioneer city, Mayor Vapaavuori says.Mayor Vapaavuori and his delegation will visit the Mayors Office of Technology and Innovation of New York City and meet with the New York City Chief Technology Officer. Mayor Vapaavuori will meet key players of the New York City economic development and voluntary work. One of the sites visited during the exploratory tour is a maritime island destination, which combines the maritime environment with cultural happenings. Helsinki is currently preparing its own maritime strategy, which will include a maritime biennale.On his trip to the United States, Mayor Vapaavuori and his delegation will also visit Silicon Valley to learn how the technologies of the future will change the world and how digitalization can be used to improve city services. Helsinki seeks to be the leader among cities worldwide in utilizing digitalization.
Helen Ltd and Helsingin kaupungin asunnot Oy (Heka), the housing company of the City of Helsinki, are carrying out a significant research and development project on heat demand response.Helen provides a new service for the metering and reporting of indoor temperatures and humidity in Heka homes. The service enables improved energy efficiency in residential apartment blocks in a cost-effective and easy way.The temperature levels of homes are monitored in the service, enabling more accurate heating control on the basis of outdoor temperatures. From the residents point of view, this means that indoor temperatures are kept more accurately to the desired levels even when the outdoor temperature fluctuates to a great degree within a short period of time.Monitoring of indoor temperatures in homes also provides wider benefits. It will help to optimise heat production in Helsinki without causing disruption to indoor temperatures in homes. In optimising heat production, efforts are made to produce heating for Helsinki residents in the most environmentally friendly and economical way in all outdoor temperatures and to utilise the heat storage capacity of properties as part of the total energy system.With the current implementation project, Helen aims to develop an operating model where areas of heat use and the related heat demand response will become an even closer part of the total energy system, says Perttu Lahtinen, Head of Energy Solutions at Helen. In practical terms, this means that clear consumption peaks will be avoided by scheduling the heating of properties.Heka aims to gain better information about the conditions of the apartments and that way improve the living conditions of residents while increasing energy efficiency, says Hekas Real Estate Director Vesa Jurmu.Read more: Helen
  The Helsinki City Board has approved additions to the planning reservation for the Helsinki Garden project with the provision that Helsinki Ice Hall should be integrated with the project.Helsinki Garden is a privately funded real estate development project proposed for the Tl district of Helsinki. Helsinki Garden would comprise various year-round operations serving Helsinki residents. The main operation would be an underground arena. The Helsinki Garden complex proposed to be built around the arena would include restaurants, accommodation services, fitness services and a grocery store.Helsinki Ice Hall should be renovated and turned into a ball-sports and multi-use arena, and it should be able to support events held in the new main arena. The sale or other handover of the ice hall to the project is under discussion and will be determined separately.The City Board requires that the necessary auxiliary structures to be placed in the area should be designed to comply with the local natural features and landscape as much as possible. Further planning and execution should minimize any disturbance caused by construction to local football activities and other users of the properties surrounding the site reserved for the project.Furthermore, the City Board requests the City of Helsinki Sports Services to investigate the costs incurred by the City in the event that Helsinki Ice Hall and its practice hall are no longer available to the City and sports societies at the current rates.The planning reservation for the Helsinki Garden project in the Elintarha area of Tl, granted to the Projekti GH Oy company, was approved in May 2015. The holder of the site reservation has drawn up both transport connections and underground structures on the basis of the winning proposal of an architectural competition for the project. As planning has proceeded, it has become evident that the borders of the reserved site should be re-evaluated in order to be able to proceed with town planning.A proposal for an alteration to the site reservation decision has been prepared in cooperation with the owners of the surrounding properties, the users of the surrounding properties, the Jkenttsti (ice hall) foundation, the Stadium Foundation and the HJK football club.The City Board has approved a partial city plan  a strategic long-term land use plan  for the Hernesaari waterfront area and surrounding sea areas south of Matalasalmenkuja. The new plan enables the necessary town planning to assign housing, jobs, harbour operations and parks to Hernesaari. The plan includes one new quay for cruise ships in addition to the current two quays. Plans for the marina include operations related to boat maintenance and storage as well as a guest marina.Plans for the eastern shore of Hernesaari include a waterfront park serving as an extension to the Merisatama and Eiranranta waterfront areas. The new waterfront park would include physical fitness services and a centre for water sports. The goal is to develop the area into a maritime concentration of travel and leisure services in the Helsinki inner city. New and original urban housing solutions are sought for the area.The current land area covered by the partial city plan is about 33 hectares. The final decision on the partial city plan will be made by the City Council.
  Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori, Tampere Mayor Lauri Lyly, CEO Pekka Vauramo of Finlands largest airline Finnair, and CEO Rolf Jansson of the Finnish railway company VR Group state that the construction of the Helsinki Airport rail link is the most important one of Finlands proposed transport investments of the near future. Together, they represent Finlands two main urban regions and main corporations in the transport sector.According to Vapaavuori, Lyly, Vauramo and Jansson, it is crucial that the Helsinki Airport rail link, which would enable an express connection without transfers from elsewhere in Finland and a fast connection from Helsinki to the airport, should be advanced urgently. At present, the Helsinki Airport rail link is not yet included in national or European transport investment plans, although various studies have been conducted on the project.The Helsinki Airport rail link plays a bigger strategic role in the future functionality of our entire transport system. The project would have a significant positive impact on the growth of the whole nation, Mayor Vapaavuori says.The Helsinki Airport rail link would provide growth opportunities for other parts of Finland through Helsinki and Helsinki Airport. It would particularly improve international connections to the centres of growth in Southern Finland.This project benefits the entire Finland. We need a third rail line from Tampere via Helsinki Airport to Helsinki to support the main rail line. The main rail line must operate well, in terms of the appeal of the whole country, to serve travel and tourism, and to promote the development of commuting, industry and export, Mayor Lyly points out.
The Helsinki Airport rail link would provide an express connection, saving 1520 minutes in travel time, from the main rail line and the KeravaLahti line to the airport  that is, from nearly all of Finland. The Helsinki Airport rail link would also be connected to the proposed Tallinn tunnel and thereby to the European transport network. The Helsinki Airport rail link would serve an important role, even in the event that the Tallinn tunnel would not be constructed and connections to Tallinn would rely on ferries. Furthermore, the Helsinki Airport rail link would free capacity on the main rail line, reduce the vulnerability of the transport system to disruptions, enable the further development of long- and short-distance service, and improve the connections of Finnish regions as well as the Helsinki region to national and international air transport.The mayors emphasize that the Helsinki Airport rail link would enable Finland in the next few decades to bring the main urban hubs of Southern Finland  Helsinki, Tampere and Turku  within an hour from each other.Finnair CEO Pekka Vauramo states that air traffic to Finland is increasing rapidly. According to current estimates, Helsinki Airport will bring 30 million passengers to Finland in the next few years.We should set the target ambitiously at 40 million air passengers. We can accelerate growth, if we systematically develop our infrastructure into the right direction. Finland is going through a boom in travel and tourism, and we have an opportunity to make Finland a major tourism destination. The Helsinki Airport rail link, providing a fast link from the Helsinki city centre to the airport and further to elsewhere in Finland, is crucial for the growing transport volumes. Passengers expect fast connections and smooth interaction between transport modes, Vauramo says.VR Group maintains that today the main artery of the Finnish rail network, that is, the main rail line and especially the HelsinkiTampere section of it, is at full capacity and cannot accommodate more trains during peak periods. VRs passenger volume on the HelsinkiTampere route increased by 21 percent in 20162017 from the 2015 level.VR CEO Rolf Jansson envisions, The new direct rail line of the Helsinki Airport rail link, running from Helsinki via the airport to Kerava, would remove the current bottleneck and allow more trains to the north and east. It is of key importance to increase train capacity between Helsinki and Tampere, which is our busiest route with the most demand. Passengers would benefit from the rail link in many ways: long-distance trains would stop at the airport. This would provide a fast and convenient connection between Helsinki Airport and the rest of Finland. Helsinki Airport would obtain well-working connections between flights, trains and buses.In addition to the Helsinki Airport rail link, we must also invest in improvements in the congested Helsinki Railway Station rail yard and increase the capacity on the HelsinkiPasila route, Jansson continues. The proposed City Rail Loop would provide one solution to the problems and give more space and opportunities for growing rail transport volumes.
allow further growth in rail transport volumes.Image: The Helsinki Airport rail link would be part of the Finnish growth corridor, linking Helsinki and Helsinki Airport with the cities of Turku, Tampere, St Petersburg and Tallinn, and further with Central Europe, Asia and North America. Legend from top to bottom: hubs travel time between hubs by train or ferry strategic growth corridors international flight connections Helsinki Airport rail link third rail line high-speed rail connection to Turku and St Petersburg HelsinkiTallinn ferry connection/tunnel Rail Baltica* The estimate of travel time to St Petersburg is based on a high-speed train.** Based on a travel time estimate of 1 hour 10 minutes between Helsinki and Tampere.Benefits of Helsinki Airport rail link
  The City of Helsinki is an attractive employer. City employees are committed to their work and find it meaningful. City workplaces are strongly marked by trust. However, recovery from the work environment has deteriorated in recent years, and stress and sleeplessness have increased. These are some of the findings of an occupational health survey conducted by Occupational Health Helsinki in NovemberDecember 2017 to learn about the health and work capacity of City of Helsinki employees.
The survey reveals that some of the strengths of City workplaces are mutual trust among employees, trust in supervisors, and a communal and reciprocal atmosphere. Employees are inspired and energetic, and they are committed to their work.City of Helsinki workplaces have tremendous resources, which have supported people in the Citys major organizational restructuring, says Occupational Health Helsinki CEO Tiina Pohjonen.We have paid special attention to leadership and managerial work for years. During the organizational restructuring, we invested in leadership and employee participation, for example, at workshops and with intensified communication. I believe that all this has had an effect in retaining trust in supervisors and in the entire City organization at good levels despite the pressures of change, says City of Helsinki Human Resources Director Marju Pohjaniemi.According to the findings of the occupational health survey, attention should be paid to risk factors for work capacity. Perceived stress and sleeplessness have increased, and recovery from the work environment is not as good as in earlier years.The survey serves as an electronic health check that helps us to pinpoint early risks for occupational well-being. Every survey respondent has been given personal feedback, and those at risk of weakened work capacity have been invited to occupational health care. I believe that we can produce benefits and increased well-being by focusing occupational health services on prevention and effective treatment of work capacity problems, Pohjonen continues.The results of the occupational health survey have been compared with the results of surveys conducted in previous years. The latest survey was the sixth survey in the series, and the number of City of Helsinki employees who answered the survey was 18,000. The response rate was 57%.Occupational Health Helsinki is the in-house occupational health services provider of the City of Helsinki, which is the biggest employer of Finland. We provide occupational health services for the approximately 38,000 employees of the City of Helsinki.Read more:Occupational Health Helsinki
At a meeting held on 15 November 2017, the City Council decided to abolish the dog tax in Helsinki as of 1 January 2018. This means that in 2018 Talpa will not be sending dog tax invoices concerning the dog tax for the 2017 tax year. However, the collection of unpaid dog taxes from 2016 (which were invoiced in 2017) and earlier years will continue as normal in 2018.In 2017, the dog tax was only levied by two of Finlands over 300 municipalities, namely Helsinki and Tampere. Now Helsinki has also decided to abolish the dog tax. In Helsinki, dog tax invoices were sent and the dog tax register was maintained by the City of Helsinki Financial Management Services Talpa.The City Councils decision proposal (only available in Finnish) reveals that in 2017 the dog tax is expected to generate approximately EUR 0.350 million in tax revenue. Dog tax revenue has seen a clear decline in the 2000s. In 2008, the dog tax generated EUR 0.0635 million in tax revenue, whereas in 2002 it generated EUR 0.829 million.According to an estimate provided by the City of Helsinki Urban Research and Statistics Unit, there are approximately 30,000 dogs in Helsinki. However, in 2016 dog tax was collected for only 6,925 dogs, nearly a thousand dogs fewer than in 2015. As such, according to statistics the dog tax was paid for only 23% of Helsinkis dogs in 2016.The Finnish Dog Tax Act was originally enacted in the 19th century in order to help prevent the spread of rabies. Up until the late 1990s, dogs for which the tax had been paid could be distinguished by a tax tag attached to their collars, and at one point Helsinkis dog parks were even monitored by a dog tax inspector.
  For the 105th time, Helsinki Citys statistics yearbook has been published, with statistics on Helsinki and its inhabitants, its neighbouring cities, the Helsinki Region, Finland, the other major Scandinavian cities, the Baltic countries and their capitals, and on St. Petersburg.The 255 tables of the yearbook can also be picked from the open-data site Helsinki Region Infoshare www.hri.fi. The 1905-2008 editions are available in a digitalised format on the Sinettiarchives database(only in Finnish). The new yearbook can be read in its entirety via this link.Among other interesting facts and figures about
Helsinki and its population, the yearbook reveals that:
 At year-end 2016, Helsinkis population figure was 635,181, which was 6,973, i.e. a 1.1 per cent, more than a year earlier. The number of dwellings in Helsinki at year-end 2016 was 356,975, i.e. 6,661 more than a year earlier. Rented dwellings accounted for 46.5 per cent and owner-occupied dwellings for 41.9 per cent of the dwelling stock. At year-end 2016, there were a total of 321,323 registered motor vehicles in Helsinki, 260,301 of which were cars. The latter have increased by almost 74,000, i.e. almost 40 per cent, since the year 2000. In 2015, a total of 84,457 flights landed at Helsinki-Vantaa airport. This means one arrival every six minutes, on average. In 2016, a total of 1,550,410 loans were made at Helsinki City Librarys various outlets. 79,0 per cent of these library loans were books, and more than every third borrowed book was a childrens book. At year-end 2016, the pay rolls of Helsinki City included 38,056 persons. With a total of 21,792 wage earners, the social, health and early childhood education services together made up the largest sector, by far. The most popular tourist attraction in 2016 was Linnanmki
  amusement park, with a total of 1,100,000 visitors. The top five attractions also included the Suomenlinna (Sveaborg) naval fortress, the Temppeliaukio bedrock church, the Helsinki Cathedral and the Korkeasaari
  (Hgholmen) zoo.Queries: Statistics Manager Ari Jaakola, +358 9310 43608, ari.jaakola(at)hel.fi Statistics Secretary Aila Perttil, +358 9 310 36399, aila.perttila(at)hel.fiSource:
Statistical Yearbook of Helsinki 2017, pdf publication
  Helen is planning to build a new energy storage facility in disused underground oil caverns located deep in the bedrock of Helsinki. The facility will be the largest of its kind in the country. The storage facility would accommodate over 40 times as much hot water as the amount of water in the pools at the Helsinki Swimming Stadium. Energy storage is a solution independent of the production technology and fuel, and it fits neatly into our current city energy system. Storage contributes to reducing the use of fossil fuels, increasing renewable energy and efficient recycling of waste heat, says Director Heikki Hapuli of Helen.Energy use has peaks in consumption at daily and annual levels. The energy system needs an increasing amount of flexibility due to renewable energy sources and efficient recycling of waste heat. Helen already has heat storage facilities at the Vuosaari and Salmisaari power plants. The planned rock cavern heat storage facility is ten times as large as the Vuosaari facility and it would raise the optimisation of Helen's energy production to a new level.Three large oil caverns used for the storage of heavy fuel oil are located underground in Mustikkamaa. The oil storage facilities were decommissioned and vacated in 1999. Two of the rock caverns are identical and they can be converted for heat storage use. The volume of the storage facility would be about 260,000 m3.The designed storage project will be implemented if its technical and financial conditions are met.Read more
Helen
The exhibitions in Helsinki offer much for each and everyone to experience during spring 2018 and the rest of the year: Graffiti, magic realism, contemporary art from the Baltic Sea region, city views from Italy, Timo Sarpaneva and  the highlight  the opening of the new Amos Rex in Lasipalatsi in August.
"During the autumn 2018, HAM presents an exhibition by the world-famous artist duo Gilbert & George for the first time ever in Finland. The two artists have been described as ""living sculptures""  they act on the conditions of their art in their photographs as well as in their everyday lives. Their considered style and public appearance act as a performance. The second big exhibition of the year, Graffiti, is organised in spring and examines the historic roots of graffiti art as well as contemporary graffiti  especially the connection of the graffiti culture in Helsinki to the international field. There is also an opportunity to get to know Pekka Kauhanen's sculptures"
   and Ola Kolehmainen's Sacred Spaces at Ham until March. HAMHelsinki City Museum's new exhibitions take the visitor to the club culture classics of the city and also to our worst fears. Villa Hakasalmi visits Helsinki in the 1920s which were marked by an intensive drive as well as dreams. Helsinki City Museum's year 2018In the coming exhibitions at Ateneum, contemporary artist
  Adel Abidin's (b. 1973) multimedial series comment on identity, power and Finland. The artist, who is of Iraqi origin, works in Helsinki and Amman. In Italian art in the 1920s and 1930s, artists started viewing reality and interpreting the world in a new way. The phenomenon, known as magic realism, emerged at the time of the First World War's end and lasted throughout the 1920s. The exhibition The von Wright Brothers can be visited until 25 February. Coming exhibitions at AteneumThe coming collection exhibition at the third floor of Kiasma updates our perception of the contemporary art in the Baltic Sea region. Vladislav Mamyshev-Monroe (19692013) was one of the central characters of the new generation of artists to emerge in Leningrad in the 1980s. Mamyshev-Monroe's special gift was the ability to adapt to different roles during his lifetime of performance, thus creating art of himself. In April, there is an opportunity to get to know the significant production of the English artist Grayson Perry, winner of the Turner Prize 2003. The Ars17 - Hello World exhibition can be visited until 14 January and the collection exhibition of the Ars Fennica nominees can be visited until 18 February. Korakrit Arunanondchai is exhibited until 18 March. Coming exhibitions at KiasmaAn exhibition by EGS (b. 1974) is opened in Kunsthalle 13 January. EGS is one of Finland's internationally most famous graffiti artists and the artist's works can be seen in city environments in dozens of countries. EGS signs all his work with his three initials, transforming them into new shapes and systems, sometimes to the point of unrecognisableness. In March, Markku
Kernen's Vrien ikuinen kevt (the eternal spring of colours) opens. In April, Secundo
Hernndez' exhibition is opened, offering paintings playing with surface and depth. Sampo's collection exhibition The Life of Art is open until 31 December. KunsthalleThe Italian Ippolito Caffi, whose works are exhibited at Sinebrychoff Art Museum, was an artist, adventurer and patriot specialised in city views and landscapes. The exhibition takes the visitors on a trip to Venice, Rome, Naples, Athens, Constantinople and other cities in the Orient, the views of which he immortalised in his paintings, drawings and watercolour works. Sinebrychoff Art MuseumThe exhibition year at the Design Museum is kicked off with the exhibition Healing that is opening in January at the Gallery. The exhibition describes the physical and mental dimensions of healing through design and architecture. The star of the main exhibition at the Design Museum is design legend Timo Sarpaneva. The exhibition California is open until March. Design
MuseumThe Finnish Museum of
Photography will exhibit Does it feel familiar?  Photographs of everyday life in Finland and The Invisibles  Story of a Beggar Family. Finnish Museum of PhotographyDidrichsen Art Museumwill exhibit AhtiandMaija Lavonen's works in spring 2018. It is the couple's second joint exhibition. Their first joint exhibition was organised 60 years ago in Kemi. DidrichsenAmos Anderson Art Museum no longer organises exhibitions at Yrjnkatu. The new Amos Rex is built in the block nearby, in connection to Lasipalatsi. See you at Amos
Rex in August 2018! Amos Anderson home museum opens its doors again after its renovation. The museum is situated on the fifth floor of the old museum. Amos AndersonMore about the subject:
  The long-awaited renovation of Iso Roobertinkatu has come to an end. Helsinkis oldest pedestrian street will be reopened with a programme planned by the streets residents and operators on 13 January from 4pm to 8pm. At the opening event you can visit galleries, enjoy delicious food in restaurants, listen to an acoustic gig at a bar, create art at a plastic waste workshop, participate in the Punavuori historical walk, be amazed by a fire circus, admire the buildings lit up in different colours, or simply enjoy the new old pedestrian street. 
 One of the organisers of the opening event is the festival committee of the urban lounge, joy and community spirit Sun Roba. Sun Robas active members have brought families, friends, neighbours, the streets businesses and visitors together numerous times by organising memorable festivals on Helsinkis oldest pedestrian street. The active members of Punavuoriseura are also lending their years of experience to the organisation of the opening event.
The residents and business who call Iso Roobertinkatu home have been involved in planning the opening event, a major element of which will be the lighting up of the buildings in an array of colour along the pedestrian street. Residents and businesses on the street will be covering their windows with colourful tissue paper, lighting up the whole street in different colours. The opening event will also reveal how Iso Roobertinkatu became a Climate
Street and how the users of the street are working together to reduce energy consumption and environmental emissions. Visitors can also pedal to provide electricity and bring to life Janne Kpylehtos light installation Roban leditorni (Robas LED tower). Environmental artist Kristiina Tikke Tuuras workshop will allow visitors to make beautiful chandeliers from Iso Roobertinkatus plastic waste. The materials used will be everyday plastic waste from homes and businesses, such as packaging waste, broken items and toys, bottles and bottle tops, and bicycle wheel rims. At the opening event, attendees will also be able to partake in a historical walk, delving into the development of Punavuori from a notorious working class district to a favourite amongst creatives and a vibrant part of the city.During the works, the Annankatu junction was transformed into a shared space, with the pedestrian street continuing over Annankatu. The ends at Fredrikinkatu and Yrjnkatu are closed off to traffic, but at each end of the street automatically lowering bollards have been installed to allow vehicles to leave the pedestrian street.The entire pedestrian street has been paved with natural stone in varying shades of red. Three lime trees that were in good condition have remained on the street, and are now accompanied by rows of new, small-scale broadleaved trees, Canadian maples and pyramid hornbeams. The strip of trees and street furniture also features natural stone benches, chairs, bicycle racks and advertising equipment. Furthermore, the street lighting has been overhauled and is now more energy efficient.Bjrn
Weckstrms statue Viheltv helsinkilinen (The Whistling City-Dweller) has been refurbished and returned to the end of the Yrjnkatu half of the street.Designers will also be on hand during the event to tell visitors more about the renovation of Iso Roobertinkatu.
 A more detailed programme will be provided on the events Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/events/1765748023437727/
The official Lux Helsinki route for 2018 starts from behind Svenska Teatern and will light up the city from 6 to 10 January.The Lux Helsinki light festival that gets underway on Epiphany Saturday, 6 January 2018, will once again lead festival-goers to the most beautiful blocks in the city. The route extends from Esplanade Park through the Kaartinkaupunki district to Senate Square, presenting a wide range of light art along the way. From popular international installations to specially commissioned works of art, the festival will feature everything from UV graffiti to video projections that manipulate architecture, as well as topical works that address social issues.
The starting point for the route is the Mannerheimintie end of Esplanade Park. From there the route continues past the Museum of Finnish Architecture and the Design Museum to the Kasarmitori square, and from there to the Espa Stage and onwards to Senate Square. The route has been designed as a dramaturgical series that progresses logically from one installation to the next from start to finish.
Light art from minimalist to spectacular and
from traditional techniques to modern forms of expression
The official Lux Helsinki route begins this year behind Svenska Teatern with a spectacular Italian installation made from thousands of LED lamps. Ilkka Paloniemi, Artistic Director of Lux Helsinki, describes the biggest installation to ever appear in the history of the festival: Ever since the invention of the lightbulb, Italy has maintained a tradition of making really big light installations that certainly do not skimp on the number of individual lamps. Their installations are big and colourful architectonic structures that resemble cathedrals, bazaars and palaces in their delightful ornamentation.From Esplanade Park the route continues to the Kaartinkaupunki district, where the historic fire station will be illuminated as this years Lux Architecture installation. On nearby Kasarmikatu, festival-goers will be met by Ultraviolet
Gallery, a shipping container that has been covered in UV paint. The work combines street art with light art and was created by six leading Finnish graffiti artists. The curator of the installation is video and graffiti artist Sellekhanks.For the first time in the festivals history, Lux Helsinki will spread to the Kasarmitori square, which will feature Lebanese-Palestinian artist alaa minawis internationally renowned neon light installation my light is your light Made from neon light tubes and representing a roaming family, the installation addresses the topical refugee issue.The route ends at Senate Square, where festival-goers will have the chance to try their hand at light painting at OP Helsinkis light workshop. Participants will be able to keep their light art portraits as a souvenir. The route culminates with an impressive 3D video projection on Helsinki Cathedral. Lszl Bordos from Hungary is a world-famous pioneer in 3D mapping who this time transforms one of the most iconic buildings in Helsinki into a breathtaking projection surface. The projection on Helsinki Cathedral is Bordoss homage to the late Finnish musician Mika Vainio, whose music features in the installation.To mark the 10
  th anniversary of the festival, Lux Helsinki has a new look and new website that has been designed to further improve the experience of festival-goers as they walk along the route. The website has already been launched with details of the route and installations.Lux Helsinki, 6-10 January 2018, 1722This event is free of charge, fully accessible and open to visitors of all ages.Read more:Lux Helsinki Lux Helsinki light festival begins brightening up the winter this SaturdayFascinating light installations in courtyards of the City Museum Lux Helsinki challenges everyone to light up their surroundingsSocial media:FacebookTwitterInstagram#luxhelsinki***The Lux Helsinki light festival is organised by the City of Helsinki. The event is coordinated by Producer Emma Lumme
  and produced by Sun Effects Oy. The artistic directors of the festival are Ilkka Paloniemi and Matti Jykyl.
Familiar buildings and spaces will be transformed into unique
to enjoy.The official Lux Helsinki route begins with Micro Gallery, a series of tiny light installations around the Runeberg Monument in the centre of the Esplanade Park. The Micro Gallery presents a wide range of video, light and concept art by numerous artists. For example, festival-goers will be able to see the light of a sunset that has been stored in a can and meet a tiny little Japanese cowboy.From Esplanade Park the route continues to the historic Erottaja fire station and then onwards via the Kasarmitori square and the Espa Stage to Senate Square. The route comprises 11 light installations and has been designed as a dramaturgical series that progresses logically from one installation to the next from start to finish. Along the way Lux Helsinki presents a wide range of light art, from UV graffiti to video projections that manipulate architecture, as well as topical works that address social issues.
  In addition to light installations, Lux Helsinki offers a full programme of events throughout the festival. At the Light Paint Box in Senate Square, for example, renowned light artists from Finland and abroad will paint fantastic light paintings around members of the public. At the Helsinki City Museum, the Lux Helsinki light artists will reveal the stories behind their installations on the opening weekend. Along the route, the Design Museum and Museum of Finnish Architecture will have extended opening hours until 10pm throughout the festival, as will the Helsinki City Museum.At the Light in Helsinki 2018 seminar, members of the public can listen to a panel discussion on the topic of how light can be used to liven up the urban environment. In addition, Sweden's most distinguished light expert and technology historian Jan Garnert will present a lecture on the history of light and darkness in cities. The popular Bring Your Own Beamer happening will also be held for the second time in connection with Lux Helsinki. Participants will get to present their own light and video art in a cool industrial club setting at Kaapelitehdas, Helsinki's iconic cable factory.Participating Lux Helsinki Eat restaurants will once again offer unique menus that have been specially created for the festival. This year for the first time Lux Helsinki will also present a selection of the light installations in the morning for commuters and other early birds to enjoy Lux Morning will take place on the last day of the festival, Wednesday 10 January, from 7am to 9am. The full programme and schedule can be found here. The Italian installation that was meant to open the festival this year has unfortunately been cancelled for technical reasons. Lux Helsinki, 6-10 January 2018, 17-22. Lux Morning (installations 1, 9, 10, 11), 10 January 2018, 7am-9am. This event is free of charge, fully accessible and open to visitors of all ages.Read moreLux HelsinkiFacebookTwitterInstagram#luxhelsinkiPartners: OP Helsinki, SATO, Sun EffectsNetwork
partners: City, Granlund, Johan & Nystrm, Local Crew Production partners: Bright GroupIn collaboration with: Hungarian Cultural CentreThe Lux Helsinki light festival is organised by the City of Helsinki. The event is coordinated by Producer Emma Lumme and produced by Sun Effects Oy. The artistic directors of the festival are
  1lkka Paloniemi and Matti Jykyl.
  The City of Helsinki Neighbourhood Project was closed at the end of 2017, having been in operation for 21 years.The Helsinki City Board established the Neighbourhood Project at the beginning of 1996. The goals of the project were to define general outlines for neighbourhood development and to organize local neighbourhood development activities. The project was allocated an annual budget to achieve these goals.The Neighbourhood Projects last City Board-approved project plan was for 20162017. The plan focused on local activities and prevention of social exclusion.In its last year of operation, the Neighbourhood Project focused on improving resident comfort in Meri-Rastila and Malminkartano, street art projects in Kontula and Myllypuro, and the Lhifest suburban festival. Overall, residents were offered low-threshold opportunities for participation.The Helsinki City Board decided at its meeting of 13 November 2017 to allocate the funds that were previously earmarked for the Neighbourhhood Project to finance the implementation of the participation model.
In the Neighbourhood Project, the suburban areas of Helsinki were developed in diverse ways and as districts equal to the inner city to the best of local residents. The project engaged in broad-based and long-term work to prevent inequality and social exclusion in suburban areas. The project supported and coordinated the shared activities of various City units, and it worked in close cooperation with residents and other local actors.
Health stations are closed on Epiphany, 6 January. Patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services. 24 h Telephone Health Service, Tel. 09 310 10023Information is provided about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call.In life-threatening emergencies  call 112In the event of a severe and life-threatening illness or accident situation at any time of the day, call 112 for help.Health stations are closed on Epiphany, 6 January. When local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services. Adults (over 16 years of age): Haartman Hospital and Emergency Room and Malmi Hospital and Emergency Room. Children: Children's Hospital Emergency Clinic. Emergency dental care services are available at Haartman Hospital.On 5 January, a Friday service will operate. Also night buses and commuter trains will be running. On 6 January, a Sunday service will operate. Early morning buses will operate on Saturday night.The tens of skating rinks and the seven artificial skating rinks all over Helsinki make the pleasures of skating and ice hockey available to people of all ages.On Friday, January 5th, the libraries are open as normal. On Saturday, January 6th, all libraries are closed. On Sunday, January 7th, Library 10 and the libraries at Itkeskus, Vallila, Rikhardinkatu and Tl are open according to normal Sunday opening hours. The Lux Helsinki light festival that gets underway on Epiphany Saturday, 6 January, will once again lead festival-goers to the most beautiful blocks in the city.Read more:MyHelsinki: Your local guide to Helsinki
  The City of Helsinki continues the process to redevelop the Bunkkeri building in Helsinkis Jtksaari for housing, a swimming hall and other sports facilities. The plan is under a new preparation for City decision-making. The City has restarted negotiations on Bunkkeri with construction company SRV Rakennus Oy.One of the goals of the new negotiation round is not to cause unnecessary delays in the Bunkkeri reconstruction and in the completion of public spaces in Jtksaari. The proposed swimming hall and other sports facilities of Bunkkeri (Bunker), which is a former harbour warehouse building, would be some of the key public spaces of the area.The City conducts talks about Bunkkeri primarily with SRV Rakennus Oy, which is the winner of a public bid carried out earlier. The goal is to implement the project according to the original spatial plan.If the negotiations proceed favourably, the City of Helsinki Urban Environment Division will seek to complete a proposal for a new contract and real estate deal for presentation to the City Council for decision-making in February 2018.Bunkkeri project proceeds as a normal real estate deal
The Bunkkeri redevelopment process was halted in the autumn, when the Helsinki Administrative Court repealed a decision made by the Helsinki City Council in 2016, whereby the Council entitled the City to sign a contract with SRV Rakennus Oy on the Bunkkeri project implementation.According to the Administrative Court decision, the Bunkkeri procurement process as a public bid had been erroneous. The court considered that, although sports facilities played a significant role in the Bunkkeri project, the main purpose of the project was a sale of real estate and building rights. The preparation of the Bunkkeri redevelopment will now proceed in the form of a normal real estate sale, as required by the Administrative Court.If the Bunkkeri project proceeds favourably, construction could get underway in the autumn of 2018 at the earliest. In this case, the sports facilities could be completed in the summer of 2021 and the swimming hall a year later. The sports facilities of the Jtksaari Comprehensive School, which is scheduled for completion earlier than the Bunkkeri facilities, would be organized with a temporary solution for the interim period.Read
more:
Bunkkeri (pdf)Jtksaari
The opening of the new Metro line will affect also bus services. The extension of the Metro to Matinkyl, Espoo will significantly change public transport services in Lauttasaari, Lehtisaari, Kuusisaariand Espoo. In particular, most journeys to Helsinki city center will in future be made by rail. InLauttasaari this means a switch to feeder services. The feeder bus routes will be introduced on 3 January 2018. There are changesin Lauttasaari, Lehtisaari, Kuusisaari.The Metro will be the main mode of transport from Lauttasaari toHelsinki city center. All Lauttasaari bus routes will run via Lauttasaari Metro Station but there will also be a direct bus link, for example, from Vattuniemi to Ruoholahti and Erottaja. At night time, when the Metro does not run, buses will run between Lauttasaari and the city center.Journeys from Lehtisaari and Kuusisaari to Helsinki city center will in future require transfers. Bus routes 551 (Pasila-Westendinasema) and 552 (Malmi-Maunula-Munkkiniemi-Otaniemi) will run through Lehtisaari. Passengers going to the city center can transfer to another bus or tram, for example, in Munkkiniemi. Transfer to the Metro will be possible in Otaniemi at the Aalto University station. Outside the Metro operating hours, route 551N will run from Kamppi via Munkkiniemi and Otaniemi to Tapiola.Most of the bus routes running from Helsinki city center to South Espoo, Lauttasaari, Kuusisaari and Lehtisaari will be withdraw and replaced by the Metro. Also the role of the Kamppi bus terminal will change: bus routes that currently have their termini overground at Kamppi will get new termini at the underground terminal. In addition, night buses to Espoo and Kirkkonummi operation outside the Metro operating hours, will be using the terminal.Read more:
West Metro feeder bus services off to a good startHelsinki Region Transport
Map of bus routes in Lauttasaari, Lehtisaari and Kuusisaari from 3 January 2018 (.pdf)Night bus routes from 3 January 2018 (.pdf)Ticket prices in 2018: Cuts to mobile ticket prices, night fare to be discontinued
"What would it feel like to walk through a 40 meter tunnel-like light art installation, whose black walls are covered with the silently rolling names of thousands and thousands of people? There were hundreds of thousands of them. Young men and women, mostly in their twenties or thirties. The generation whose youth was shadowed by war and whose future was spent dealing with those harsh memories.Yle's and the City of Helsinki's cooperation project, the light art installation Sukupolvi. Nyt., which opens on 5 December in the park of the Tlnlahti Bay, is a walk through one generation: the generation of those who fought in World War II, those who survived and those who were killed there.""The premise for this installation was the personal reflection that it has been difficult to comprehend the dimensions of the generation that was at the front, and how hundreds of thousands of experiences have affected Finland. I wanted to create an installation, where the walker can physically and in practice sense what we talk about when we talk about the extent and magnitude of the wartime generation"", says scriptwriter and director of the installation Raimo Lng of Yle.The installation is a tribute to the generation that lived during the war, but at the same time it is also a concrete experience of this moment for those to whom war is just a memory in the history of the family and Finland. The names seen in the installation have been collected, among other sources, from sotapolku.fi and registers.The installation touches many people living in Finland concretely even today. People who experienced the war are still alive, the following generations carry the consequences of the things experienced by their mothers and fathers. To many refugees in Finland, war is a reality at this very moment.The Sukupolvi. Nyt. installation is realised in cooperation between Yle and the City of Helsinki and it is located in the park of the Tlnlahti Bay, behind the Finlandia Hall.""Bringing light art inspired by independence to the centre of the city for the citizens to experience is a fine and impactful way of celebrating the independence of Finland"", says Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.""During the construction of the installation, both my appreciation and my sorrow have grown. I am thankful of how that whole generation supported this country and all of us"", says Raimo Lng.""At the same time, the sorrow concerning the losses of that generation has grown. How would our lives have turned out, if the previous generation would have been able to live a regular life, without war? No one can afford an experience like this. I hope that when the walker has passed through the installation, he or she feels calm but emotionally dazed. And that this experience gives something lasting.""The patron of the installation is the President of the Republic Sauli Niinist.The Sukupolvi. Nyt. light art installation opens to the public on the eve of Independence Day, 5 December at 3.30 pm. The installation is inaugurated by photographer Meeri Koutaniemi, film director Aku Louhimies and scriptwriter and director of the installation Raimo Lng. The installation is open daily from 4 pm to 9 pm (closed 2425 December) until 5 January and 610 January from 4 pm to 10 pm.Sukupolvi. Nyt. will also be seen on TV on 6 December, when a list of names, long as the wartime generation, slowly scrolls through the TV screen for five hours during the night.""Even though the installation is located in Helsinki, it has been constructed for all the people of Finland. That is why Yle wants to bring the contents of the installation to the TV as well, to make it reachable to everyone"", says Raimo Lng.Sukupolvi. Nyt. on TV1 on 6 December from 1.20 am to 7.00 am and Yle Areena on 5 December 4 pm forward. Sukupolvi.Nyt. Facebook event #sukupolvinyt #osaminua#valohaaste"
  The long-awaited renovation of the Iso Roobertinkatu pedestrian street in the Helsinki city centre has been completed. The street, which is the oldest serving pedestrian street in Helsinki, will be reopened with a festival planned by residents and business owners, to be held on Saturday, 13 January, from 1620.The festival programme offers visits to galleries, delicacies at restaurants, acoustic music at a bar, a workshop in which plastic waste is turned into art, a history-themed walk through the local Punavuori district, amazing feats by a fire circus group, buildings glowing with bright colours, and the general enjoyment of the new life of the old pedestrian street. The festival committee Sun Roba, advocates for the urban public space, joy and community, play key roles in the event. Sun Roba activists have previously brought together families, friends, neighbours, local business owners and visitors in many unforgettable festivals on Helsinkis oldest pedestrian street. The activists of Punavuori
Society will help to organize the festival with their many-year experience.
Street to glow in many colours to celebrate the reopening 
The residents and business owners of Iso Roobertinkatu have been involved in the festival planning, and a big role in the event will be played by the streets buildings dressed in many colours. Building residents will cover their windows with silk paper of different colours, to make the entire Iso Roobertinkatu to glow in colours.The festival programme includes a presentation of how Iso Roobertinkatu became Climate Street and how the pedestrian street unites people to cut energy consumption and emissions. Festival visitors will be able to generate electricity by pedalling and thereby to bring to life a light artwork by Janne Kpylehto entitled Roban leditorni (Roobertinkatus led tower).
The programme also includes a communal artwork by Tero Annanolli entitled
  Tyynen peitto. The light artwork utilizing solar power includes a colourful textile work composed of crocheted and knotted round pieces, which are placed in the order of the colour wheel. The materials include recycled textiles and discarded electrical wires. The pieces were fabricated by residents at public events organized by Punavuori Society.
  A workshop organized by environmental artist Kristiina Tikke
Tuura will produce elegant chandeliers out of plastic waste from Iso Roobertinkatu. The material comprises everyday plastic waste from homes and shops such as plastic packagings, broken plastic objects and toys, bottles and caps, and bicycle wheels.Festival visitors will also be able to join a history-themed district
walk, which will immerse participants in the evolution of Punavuori from a notorious labour district into a dynamic district favoured by the creative class.
Renovation improved
the usability and urban quality of the pedestrian street
The Annankatu street junction was turned into a shared space, in which the pedestrian street continues across Annankatu. The Fredrikinkatu and Yrjnkatu entrances were closed with traffic control structures, but an automatic gate allows cars to exit the pedestrian street.
The entire pedestrian street was paved with reddish mixed-colour natural stone. Three linden trees in good condition were preserved, and new smaller deciduous trees were planted in the same row with the lindens  red maples and European hornbeams. The tree and street furniture zone was provided with pillars of natural stone to be covered with plants, as well as with seats, bicycle parking racks and advertising fixtures. Street lighting was modernized with new energy efficient technology.The Whistling City-Dweller, a sculpture by Bjrn
Weckstrm, was renovated and returned to the Yrjnkatu end of the street.On hand at the festival to celebrate the reopening of the Iso Roobertinkatu pedestrian street will be the street designer, who will be able to provide more information on the street renovation.
Check out updates on the festival programme on the events Facebook page at https://www.facebook.com/events/1765748023437727/
"The centenary of Finland's independence inspired Helsinki to an all-time year in events and tourism. Like the rest of the country, the capital received extensive international coverage of unprecedented proportions and the people of Helsinki became enthusiastic about producing events and partying. The theme of the Finland 100 jubilee year, Together, was evident in all activities.""In Helsinki, the doing was coined by a strong togetherness, when the jubilee year was built with several different players. The year was just as diverse and memorable as we thought it would be. The Finland 100 organisation deserves a big thank you for the exceptionally extensive and positive international coverage that Helsinki and the whole country has received"", says Director of Economic Development Marja-Leena Rinkineva.The Finland 100 jubilee year kicked off in style with the New Year's party at the Kansalaistori square and Tlnlahti, which was attended by a crowd of 162,000 visitors and followed on TV by some 1.6 million viewers. After the inauguration, the year went on as a cavalcade of events, which included three periods that were particularly active: May-June, August-September and November-December.There have been hundreds, if not thousands of events, as the divisions of the City of Helsinki, private event organisers and the citizens have all actively participated in the realisation of the jubilee year. The events have reached hundreds of thousands of people and, for example, Lux Helsinki alone exceeded the half a million visitors mark.""Helsinki extends a big thank you to all who have participated in the making of the Finland 100 jubilee year for the memorable events. The enthusiasm stirred up by the jubilee year created a happy buzz around the year and the events became bright spots, which raised joy from day-care centres to service centres and from the intimate Lets eat together party to big city events"", describes Helsinki's Finland 100 region coordinator Maarit Roschier.Independence Day pre-party a new tradition?The City hopes that the parties on the eve of Independence Day at different events on 5 December will become a new tradition. ""The Independence Day pre-party events are worth developing as this year the likes of Helsinki Ice Challenge, Kuorojen Kierros and Art goes Kapakka were quite popular"", notes Roschier.This year, the number of citizens and visitors enjoying the city was exceptionally high on Independence Day as well. The jubilee firework display produced by the Finland 100 organisation was admired by a crowd of more than 100,000 in Helsinki.In addition to Finland's centenary celebrations, the recent tourism prizes awarded to Helsinki have increased the tourist flows in the area. The current year is becoming a record-breaking year for tourism.According to fresh figures, the number of overnight stays at Helsinki accommodations grew by more than 12 per cent in JanuaryOctober 2017. At the same time, the number of overnight stays from the largest countries of departure have grown considerably: Russia (+38 %), Great Britain (+23 %), Japan (+16 %), Unites States (+15 %), Sweden (+13 %), Germany (+8 %) and China (+30 %).New records were also set in international cruise ship tourism to Helsinki and in conference travel. The Finland 100 jubilee year, which was officially finished on Independence Day, will be bid farewell on New Year, when there is another party on the Kansalaistori square in Helsinki. The open New Year's event is organised on Sunday 31 December, when there is family programme from 4:00 to 5:30 PM and evening programme including a concert from 10 PM to 01:00 AM. Both programme parts conclude with a fireworks display.Images from Helsinki's Finland 100 jubilee yearFurther informationFinland 100 years - Helsinki participatesSuomi Finland 100"
  Preschool education will be provided by 205 Finnish-language municipal daycare centres and by 66 private daycare centres in Helsinki in the school year 20182019. The locations of Swedish-language preschool education will be announced on 28 November.In every autumn season, we evaluate the need for daycare centres providing preschool education in the following school year, utilizing information on the numbers of preschool-age children in the area. A preschool group can be formed in a municipal daycare centre if it receives at least 13 applications. The requirement for private daycare centres is at least 7 applications. Preschool education can be provided for smaller groups only in some exceptional cases, says Satu Jrvenkallas, Head of EarlyChildhood Education in Helsinki.The goal of preschool education is to give children opportunities for positive learning experiences and versatile interaction in peer groups, she adds. Preschool education is free.The period of application to preschool education is the same as the period of enrollment to comprehensive school: 824 January 2018 for the school year 20182019. An announcement on when and how to apply will be made at the beginning of January 2018, and the homes of all children born in 2012 will receive a letter with instructions for applying to preschool education. Further information is provided by the childs place of early childhood education.The place of a childs preschool education is the daycare centre providing preschool education in the childs local area of enrollment. The wishes of the parents are taken into consideration as much as possible. Children in early childhood education in a daycare centre that also provides preschool education move on to preschool education in the same daycare centre, if this daycare centre is the centre of their local area of enrollment. The goal is to ensure a flexible path from early childhood education to preschool and further to school.According to the new Helsinki City Strategy, foreign-language learning and bilingual instruction will be increased in early childhood education. Already now in the current school year 20172018, 320 preschool children participate in preschool education with an enhanced foreign-language focus, and 110 preschool children attend Swedish-language immersion groups.The foreign-language focus in preschool education will grow during the school year 20182019, when the City of Helsinki Education Division launches bilingual preschool education in Finnish and English in two areas, and the bilingual education in Finnish and Sami provided at the Pasila Comprehensive School will be expanded with preschool education. Preschool education with an enhanced foreign-language focus will be continued by some municipal daycare centres in 20182019. Preschool education with an enhanced English-language focus will be provided in the preschool groups of the Himmeli, Perttu, Vaskiniitty and Maunula daycare centres. Preschool education with an enhanced Russian-language focus will be provided in the preschool groups of the Myllynratas and Leipuri daycare centres. Preschool education with an enhanced Spanish-language focus will be provided in the preschool groups of the Keshein and Alku-Kpylinna daycare centres. Preschool education with an enhanced French-language focus will be provided in the preschool groups of the Auringonkukka, Toivo and Satakieli daycare centres. The foreign-language instruction is so designed that language learning can continue in comprehensive education.
According to plan, private daycare will provide English-language instruction at 19 daycare centres, Swedish-language instruction at 2 daycare centres, French-language instruction at 3 daycare centres, Spanish-language instruction at 1 daycare centre and Estonian-language instruction at 1 daycare centre.
Chinese New Year Festival will be celebrated at Keskuskatu 15th of February 2018. Chinese New Year outdoor event presents dancing lions and dragons and exciting performances by Finnish and Chinese artist groups. Welcome to explore the Chinese market and try out New Years delicacies!The Chinese New Year Fair introduces various products, services and activities connected to China. Over the past years, the fair has presented everything from Chinese medicine to New Years decorations! You will also get the chance to taste Chinese New Years delicacies at the food market.The cities of Helsinki and Beijing warmly welcome you to celebrate the Year of the Dog!Read more:Chines New Year in Helsinki
  The official New Years Eve celebrations in Helsinki will be held once again at the Kansalaistori square on 31 December.Locals and visitors can ring in the New Year together while enjoying exciting performances and a massive fireworks display. The City of Helsinki is also organising a special early evening programme for kids.The official New Years Eve celebrations in the nations capital can also be enjoyed throughout Finland on television. A two-hour live broadcast will be shown on Yle TV2 starting at 11pm on 31 December. 
Members of the public will be entertained throughout the evening by rock musician Anssi Kela, chart topper Reino Nordin and blues musician Erja Lyytinen. The show will also include performances by the FRII
dancers and the contemporary circus troupe Agit Cirk. DJ Orion will spin the music both before and after the main show.Helsinkis New Years Eve show will be hosted by Jenni Jenspa Poikelus and Alma Htnen from radio YleX. Mayor Jan
Vapaavuori will also deliver a speech. The celebrations will culminate with a massive fireworks display marking the end of the Finland 100 centenary year and the beginning of a new year.Before the main show begins, families with children can enjoy their own special programme at the Kansalaistori square starting at 4pm. The internationally renowned Maria
Baric Company will present a stunning show that combines music, fire, theatre, dance and circus. Heaven of
Wishes  Interactions with Dreams was created especially for the Finland 100 centenary celebrations and is built around live fire. Throughout the past year the artists have toured around Finland listening to the wishes of ordinary people, and the fire that is lit in each performance symbolises a new dream. Before the performance, members of the public can write their own wishes inside the New Years Resolutions Tent. The family programme culminates with a special fireworks display for kids at 5:30pm.New Years Eve in
Helsinki
Sunday 31 December 2017, Kansalaistori SquareFamily programme:Evening programme:FacebookMyHelsinki#helsinginuusivuosi#myhelsinkiHSLs transport services over the New Year: additional services and diversionsHelsinkis official New Years Eve celebrations are organised by the City of Helsinki. This traditional event has been held since the 1930s. The event is coordinated by Susa Nokelainen and Marianne Saukkonen and Helsinki Marketing. 
Health stations are closed on New Year's Eve 31 December, on New Year's Day 1 January and on Epiphany, 6 January. From 27 December till 11 January the health stations and the distribution of self-treatment products do not have late opening (16-18).From 27 December till 5 January Vuosaari health station is open on weekdays 816 (normally 720).Social and health care services in Helsinki at the Turn of the YearThere will changes to public transport in downtown Helsinki over the New Year 31 December-1 January. On New Years Eve, a Sunday service will operate and on New Years Day, a Sunday service will operate. In addition, the Metro and commuter trains to Helsinki Airport will operate until about 2.30am on New Years Eve.There will be diversions to bus routes on New Years Eve 10.45pm-1.45am due a New Years Celebration around Tlnlahti and at the Kansalaistori Square. Approximately 10.45pm-1.45am buses terminating at or leaving from Elielinaukio will terminate at or leave from Mntymki and buses normally leaving from Postikatu will leave from Kamppi. In addition, some tram routes will be diverted.HSLs transport services over the New Year: additional services and diversionsRead more:
Information is provided about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call.In the event of a severe and life-threatening illness or accident situation at any time of the day, call 112 for help.Health stations are closed on Christmas from 24 to 26 December, on New Year's Eve 31 December, on New Year's Day 1 January and on Epiphany, 6 January.From 27 December till 11 January the health stations and the distribution of self-treatment products do not have late opening (16-18).From 27 December till 5 January Vuosaari health station is open on weekdays 816 (normally 720).When local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services.Adults (over 16 years of age)Haartman Hospital and Emergency Room, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12, tel. 09 310 63231 and Malmi Hospital and Emergency Room, Talvelantie 6J, tel. 09 310 67204.ChildrenChildren's Hospital Emergency Clinic, Stenbckinkatu 11, tel. 0987 10023. When local health stations are closed, residents of Helsinki with serious illnesses and in urgent need for care can also go to the Jorvi Hospital emergency room in Espoo, Turuntie 150, tel. 09471 83300. Residents of Helsinki can also go the the Peijas Hospital emergency room in Vantaa, Sairaalakatu 1, Vantaa, tel. 09 471 67078.Emergency dental care services are available throughout Christmas from 24 to 26 December, on New Year's Eve 31 December, on New Year's Day 1 January and on Epiphany 6 January from 9:00 to 21:00 at Haartman Hospital, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12. Appointments can be booked from 8:00 to 21:00 at 09 310 49999. Night emergency duty is at Tl hospital emergency department, Tlnkatu 40, tel. 09 471 87708.Please always make an appointment by phone before seeking treatment for Emergency Dental Care.Emergency Social Services and Crisis Emergency Support serve 24/7 also during Christmas, New Year and Epiphany. Emergency Social Services , tel. 020 696 006 and Crisis Emergency Support, tel. 09 310 44222.
The City of Helsinki staff who process invoices receive reminders from a robot if any invoices remain in the process. The robot has been in operation for close to a year by now and, as a result, the Citys invoice processing has improved significantly. Invoices are processed by more than 7,000 City employees.
The Citys Financial Management introduced robotic process automation on a trial basis at the time of the closing of accounts in late 2016. The number of invoices in process was 37.6 percent lower in the 2016 financial statements than a year before, says Jarkko Siren, an expert in charge of robotic process automation at Financial Management.Furthermore, the robot that weve been piloting reconciles accounts payable without mistakes and fast. We estimate that we save 2.5 workdays worth of work each month. The robot also checks some of the basic information of invoices, which helps to boost the automatic processing of invoices. Robotic process automation is by no means an answer to all problems. But it gives us one more alternative for process development, especially when other measures are not possible or profitable. The basic idea with the digital colleague handling dull routine tasks is to give more time to people to handle more demanding tasks, which can produce more added value to customers, Siren explains.In the future, machine learning can make it possible to perform such tasks that cant be performed by humans. One such task defined by Financial Management is the reconciliation of City of Helsinki internal transfers at the voucher level. There are dozens of areas in the City of Helsinki financial and payroll administration in which robots could be applied. Ten of these areas have now been selected with various criteria for implementation from the beginning of 2018 onwards. A competitive bid process for a robotic process automation project below the required bid limit was completed on 8 December. The Financial Management staff are encouraged to define new areas where robots could be applied with the help of a new campaign titled lets do this smarter. In the campaign, any one of the staff can report a useless routine task or operation that could be done better.
The new exhibitions of 2018 at Helsinki City Museum will immerse visitors in the classics of Helsinkis club culture and some of our worst fears. Villa Hakalsalmi will return to the Helsinki of the 1920s, which was marked by burning excitement and daydreaming. The Helsinki Clubbing exhibition to open at Helsinki City Museum on 9 March pays tribute to the Helsinki club culture. The exhibition presents classic clubs of the city from the late 1980s to the present, and it will also serve as a venue for various events including parties and workshops. In March, the museums 4th floor will host an exhibition focusing on fears and being afraid visitors can face their own fears and experience what fear means to others. Villa Hakasalmi will be transformed into a unique venue whenVihan kevt  Helsinki 1918 (Spring of Hatred), a new play by the renowned author Sirpa Khknen,premieresat the museum on 1 February 2018. The play, directed by
  Taru Mkel, is made up of distinct episodes that take place in different rooms of the villa. The action is accompanied by music of the times, including marches, workers songs and couplets.In September, Villa Hakasalmi will debut an exhibition on the Helsinki of the 1920s and the citys extravagant and flamboyant manners of the time. This exhibition, which is colourful, emotional and surprising at the same time, invites visitors to experience the contradicting ideals and passions of the period together with contemporary people.
Helsinki City Museum, located at the Senate Square, has established its place on Finlands museum map during its 1.5 years at the location. It is one of Finlands most popular museums and has been praised for its relaxed style. The museum was awarded this year with the distinction Finnish Museum of the Year. It won first prize in the international museums category of the Museums + Heritage Awards competition this year and has earned many other recognitions. The latest recognition, announced on 30 November 2017, came from the Quality Innovation Award competition: City Museum won first prize in the category for innovations in public sector services.
Read more:
Helsinki City Museum
On Saturday 23 December, the public transport buses, trams and the Metro will operate a normal Saturday service.On Christmas Eve, 24 December, buses, the Metro and trams will operate a Sunday service until about 4pm.On Christmas Day, 25 December, a Sunday service will operate from about 11am.On Boxing Day, 26 December, a Sunday service will operate.Read moreHSL
The prices of HSL mobile tickets will fall significantly at the beginning of 2018. The separate night fare will be discontinued. The prices of other tickets will remain unchanged.The price of city internal mobile tickets will fall by nearly 25 per cent from 2.90 euros to 2.20 euros. The price of two-zone regional mobile tickets will fall from 5 euros to 4.20 euros. After the price cut, mobile single tickets will cost the same as Travel Card value tickets. The cuts to mobile ticket prices means that HSL ticket prices will decrease, on average, by one per cent. The prices of other tickets, i.e. season tickets, Travel Card value tickets and single tickets, will mostly remain unchanged. The use of public transport has increased more than excepted this year, generating growth in passenger numbers and ticket revenue. The positive trend and resulting surplus enable HSL to cut the mobile prices and keep the prices of other tickets unchanged.The separate night fare charged between 2am and 4.30am will be discontinued. As atypical working hours have become more prevalent, it is not justifiable that people traveling very late at night or early in the morning have to pay more for their journeys than others. The night fare is not a significant source of ticket income for HSL because most passengers have season tickets. The discontinuation of the night fare simplifies the array of tickets.Siuntio and Tuusula will become members of HSL at the beginning of next year. The new municipalities will be in the same fare zone as Kirkkonummi, Kerava and Sipoo.The public transport penalty fare will remain at 80 euros.The new prices decided will be valid until the new zone model is introduced, according to current estimates in summer 2018. The HSL Executive Board will decide the prices of the new zone model in spring 2018.Ticket sales on trams will end on 1 February 2018. The tram tickets not sold by drivers will remain available until the introduction of the new zone model.HSL
    Everyone can find a choice of their own from the Christmas time programme in Helsinki. Here you can pick traditional or new happenings for the celebration of Christmas. Are you staying in Helsinki for Christmas?MyHelsinki gatheredsome information on opening hours for sights, shops and restaurants during24.-25.12. Christmas time memoThis year Allas Sea Pool is open the whole winter. The steamy heated pool, the icy seawater pool and hot saunas offer experiences and recreation every day of the year. This year you can go to the Sauna on the Senate Square during Helsinki Christmas market. Women and men bathe together, and the sauna can take up to 15 persons. The sauna cannot be booked. The fee for bathing is 5 Euros, including towel and seat pad.This year, highlights from the year will be brought up daily on the Citys Twitter account from December 1 until to 24. You can follow the Yuletide tweets also on the citys Facebook and Instagram accounts.The Market Halls and Market Squares in Helsinki delight their customers with different happenings, Christmas markets, music performances and, of course, by offering delicacies for the festive season. The Abattoir gets ready for Christmas too. You can still enjoy the Christmas feeling in Hakaniemi Market Hall. The renovation of the hall begins in January when the sellers move to a brand new temporary building.Welcome to Korkeasaari where you can solve the mystery of the winter coat together with Kurre the squirrel. During the Christmas Season, the Korkeasaari ticket office hands out the story of Kurres winter coat, which leads the kids on a trip around the zoo, in the footprints of the squirrel. Korkeasaari during winter.Jump into the game - the rules of Hurjaruuths Winter Circus Play are made to be broken, when the international ensemble kicks off. In the winter circus, we play by rules and freedom. As usual, The Winter Circus guarantees wonders and aerial acrobatics!  We will update this summary as we are informed about new events.
Read more:Finland 100 celebrations further enliven the Christmas season in Helsinki
"International House Helsinki (IHH), which attends to new international experts in the metropolitan area and employers in the Uusimaa region, attracted a couple of hundred visitors per day during its first week of operations. A majority of the customers come to the local register office to register in the Population Information System. These people can now, during the same visit, make use of the services provided by City's immigrant information, the tax administration, Kela, Employment and Economic Development Offices and Finnish Centre for Pensions.Guidance and authority services essential to the integration of immigrants on the labour market have been available at the IHH:s service point since 4 December. In addition to personal customers, IHH serves companies and employers when it comes to questions concerning foreign labour force and the recruitment of it. IHH's service point is located in the premises of the Local Register Office of Uusimaa on Albertinkatu in Helsinki.Currently, the visitors are monitored separately for each service provided by the IHH, but after the turn of the year the monitoring will be expanded to include information concerning the service cluster utilised by the customer.""One of the main goals of the service pilot project is to clarify the actual service needs and the total volume of the customers to International House Helsinki. In the continued development, we will invest in the intensification of the cross-administrative cooperation between public authorities in order to make the customer's service process more fluent and to develop the customer experience"", says Project Manager Elina Nurmi at the Economic Development of the City Executive Office.The service point will be supplemented with the introduction of a web service, which helps the customer figure out the need for guidance and services and find the right public authorities.""The web service will probably be up and running this week. It can help prevent unnecessary visits, as the service guides the customer and tells what documents to bring along to the visit"", says Nurmi.The main target group for IHH's personal customer service includes foreign-born persons who have come to the region on job or entrepreneurship terms and persons who possess abilities for finding employment on the open labour market without comprehensive support measures.The duration of the pilot phase, which started in December in the premises provided by the Local Register Office of Uusimaa, is six months, but the operations can continue in the same premises at least until the end of 2018.Background informationThe International House Helsinki service pilot project is coordinated by the City of Helsinki and besides the City's immigrant information service, the participants include the Local Register Office of Uusimaa, the Tax administration's and Kela's In To Finland service, the Uusimaa Employment and Economic Development Office, the Helsinki Region Chamber of Commerce and the Finnish Centre for Pensions. Later, the service offerings will be expanded to include services by other operators as well, such as the Finnish Immigration Service, the police and the SAK's employee rights advisory service for immigrants.The development of the International House Helsinki service is part of the regional At Work in Finland project entity, which is also performed by the Cities of Espoo and Vantaa, the Uusimaa Employment and Economic Development Office, SAK and Moniheli ry. The project is part-funded by the European Social Fund and the Helsinki-Uusimaa Regional Council.International House Helsinki"
The
Helsinki City Board turns the old Kivinokka forest into a nature conservation
site to celebrate Finlands centenary of independence.
The City Board seeks to protect a 13-hectare area of Kivinokka by turning it into a nature conservation site. The site consists of a valuable forest in its natural state, marked by old spruce trees. The new nature conservation site complements the Natura 2000 conservation site in the Vanhankaupunginlahti bay area and the nature conservation site in the Viikki- Vanhankaupunginlahti area.The Helsinki City Board has proposed to the Uusimaa Centre for Economic Development, Transport and the Environmentthat the City establish the Kivinokka forest as a nature conservation site as part of the campaign to make a nature gift to Finland to celebrate the nations centenary of independence. According to the proposal, the site would join the network of forested nature conservation sites in Helsinki.Helsinki participates in the nature gift campaign initiated by the Ministry of the Environment and the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry. The campaign has encouraged various Finnish organizations and actors to present nature conservation sites as gifts to the 100-year-old nation. The nature conservation sites were to be presented during 2017, and the announcements on the establishment of the sites should mention that they are part of the Finland 100 centenary campaign.The centenary campaign has made it possible for private individuals, businesses, municipalities, parishes, foundations and associations to make gifts to the 100-year-old independent nation.
Helsinki is a thriving business hub with a high concentration of talent and passion for problem solving.From the midst of the chilly nights and slushy streets, you will find one of the worlds top tech and geek capitals with a heart-warming and tight-knit community. NewCo Helsinki welcomes you to the mighty North.NewCo Helsinki offers tailored mentoring to support startups in various stages, and serves as the local startup ecosystem door-opener by connecting your business needs with our comprehensive network. Get personalised support andcoaching that caters to your startups needs. NewCo Helsinki offers training, workshops, info sessions and networking events. For instance, find your co-founders and team members via In Search events. Growing internationally and entering new markets is a great opportunity, but one that requires risk taking and meticulous preparation. Mentors at NewCo will get you prepared for international growth, and global Startup Exchange network offers opportunities for Helsinki-based startups to pilot and explore new markets.Startup Exchange is a global network providing free access to local office space, with business advisory services in selected locations. Above all, you will benefit from direct contacts and introductions to the local startup ecosystem.Startup Exchange is part of the City of Helsinkis International Growth Programme. The programme exists to support Helsinki-based startups scale their businesses internationally, as well as help international startups establish their businesses in Helsinki and further scale to other European markets.Find out more and apply for Startup Exchange:NewCo HelsinkiSend us an email: startup(at)hel.fi(First published: CoFounder Magazine)
The centenary of Finlands independence has been celebrated across Finland and around the world. A range of events that took place over several days culminated in the Independence Day evening and the blue-and-white fireworks displays in many cities. Finlands 100th anniversary will remain in Finlands history as the most extensive and diverse jubilee year that Finns and friends of Finland created together.The Finns desire to celebrate their independence exceeded all expectations, and the centenary year turned out to be a very Finnish and a unique experience, said Pekka Timonen, General Secretary of the Centenary of Finlands Independence, Prime Ministers Office, after the display of fireworks that officially closed the centenary year in Helsinki. The aim of the centenary was to strengthen the sense of belonging and to increase Finlands profile abroad, two goals that we achieved by working together. The centenary proved to be the richest and most versatile anniversary or theme year of all time in Finland. Finlands hundred years of independence was celebrated in every corner of the country as well as in more than 100 countries on all the continents. The open programme covered an impressive 5,000 projects, and more than 600,000 Finns and friends of Finland were involved in creating the programme. The projects materialised in tens of thousands of events. The open programme, its magnitude and the way the projects were carried out were unique even on an international scale.From coffee breaks to guards of honour, from karaoke to the ball in the Presidential PalaceThe centenary of Finlands independence has been celebrated with aplomb both in Finland and overseas. The hundred-year-old Finland received several accolades already in the week leading up to the Independence Day itself.The official Independence Day celebrations started on the eve of the Independence Day, Tuesday, 5 December, with blue-and-white light shows and by flying the flags. Hundreds of thousands of Finns shared coffee breaks to celebrate their hundred-year-old country. Parliament made a celebratory decision that supports the well-being and equal development of children.One hundred blue-cross Finnish flags were hoisted during the official opening on the eve of the Independence Day at the Market Square in Helsinki. People continued their merry celebrations well into the night, and the Finnish flags were kept flying until the evening of the Independence Day.The Independence Day, 6 December, started with church services and guards of honour at soldiers graves. Across Finland, thousands of young people set out to remember the deceased heroes who safeguarded Finlands countrys independence. The Finnish Defence Forces Independence Day parade in Kuopio and students processions in several towns and cities added to the magnificent atmosphere and attracted large crowds of viewers. The hundred-year-old country was also celebrated at The President of the Republics reception in Helsinki.The surprise of the Indepedence day was, when seven million birthday messages were sent to Finnish mobile phone numbers. This was an unique achievement on an international scale.The celebrations of the centenary of Finlands independence reached its climax at the festive fireworks display at 10 p.m. in Helsinki. The spectacular Finland 100 display of fireworks was arranged to the tune of Sibelius Finlandia, and it also marked the closing of the centenary year.The world turned blue and white for a momentThe hundred-year-old Finland was celebrated in a number of locations across the globe. Dozens of well-known sites and iconic landmarks around the world were illuminated with blue-and-white lights in honour of Finland. Several countries greeted Finland with messages from the heads of state. For example the heads of Austria, Denmark, Estonia, Germany, Greece, Iceland, Latvia, Norway, Poland, Portugal and Sweden sent video messages to congratulate Finland.The amount of well wishes and cordiality flooding in has made us feel very grateful, says Timonen. Finland has friends all over the world, and people appreciate the values that we represent. All Finnish embassies organised a reception for Finlands 100th anniversary of independence, and numerous Finnish communities held parties to celebrate their home country. Millions of people congratulated the hundred-year-old Finland with images and messages in the social media.Finland 100 on social media Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube #suomi100Greetings from around the world to the 100-year-old Finland can be seen here.
The new public transport terminal and related work will be one of the main construction sites affecting traffic in Pasila and nearby areas in the next few years.The work will start with traffic rearrangements at the eastern end of the Pasila bridge. The lane from the west turning south onto Ratapihantie will be closed, and the traffic will be moved onto the central lane. At the same time, the pedestrian and cycling lane at the southern edge of the bridge will be moved further towards the centre, onto what has been roadway, says project manager Juuso Luoto of the City of Helsinki Urban Environment Division.At first, the main emphasis of the work will be under the Pasila bridge, in the rail tracks area. In the spring of 2018, the work will proceed onto the bridge deck and into the Ratapihantie junction area. The Helen Shkverkko Oy electricity distribution company will be installing terminal cables and conducting related work in the nearby streets.The project involves a renovation of the eastern end of the Pasila bridge, which will be made about 13 metres wider in front of the Pasila station. The new public transport terminal will be built on the new and old bridge decks. Trams stops will be located in the centre of the terminal area and bus stops at the sides.Pedestrian and bicycle lanes will be located at the edges of the terminal area. Alterations to the junction of the streets of Asemaplliknkatu and Ratapihantie will be made at the same time. In the future, the junction will better accommodate all modes of traffic.Because of the construction of the public transport terminal, several traffic rearrangements will be made in the Pasila bridge and Ratapihantie junction area, interfering with traffic. Tram 7 will not travel on the Pasila bridge from the autumn of 2018 onwards because of the construction work.Rendering (Soini & Horto Architects),
"The European Chemicals Agency (ECHA), which has been stationed in Helsinki since 2007, moves into new premises in Telakkaranta in the beginning of 2020. The Agency is currently located at Annankatu in Helsinki.ECHA and Skanska have today on 4 December signed a rental agreement for the new premises. ECHA's eight-storey office building will be located at Telakkakatu 6, in the very heart of the Telakkaranta area. The old brick-built wood workshop building, whose external envelope has been protected, will remain inside and a part of the new building. Moreover, the adjacent protected old machine shop building will be completely overhauled and it will become a convention and event centre. There will be a passage between the two buildings. The building complex will have a total of approximately 17,500 square metres of rentable spaces.Skanska, which owns the Telakkaranta plot areas, has developed the Telakkaranta area in cooperation with the City of Helsinki since 2006. ""I am happy to be able to sign the agreement concerning the new and inspiring premises for ECHA's use. It is great that as an EU Agency, we can take part in the development of a historic industrial area in the Helsinki city centre. This is a truly European project, where experts from several European countries have participated in the planning, management and construction"", says ECHA Executive Director Geert Dancet.""I am very pleased that ECHA chose us among a number of alternatives as the developer of their new office premises. The project shows that our capability to participate in projects of this magnitude, both as an investor and a realiser, gives us an undisputed competitive edge"", says Skanska Oy CEO Tuomas Srkilahti. ""When it comes to the premises project, there is a close dialogue between ECHA and the City, which we hope will ensure a smooth transition and continuation of the operations. ECHA's premises project launches the construction phase of the renewal project for the entire Telakkaranta area, which will see the last old industrial area in the inner city of Helsinki go through a transformation into an area for the purposes of housing, business and urban culture"", says Mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori.The European Chemicals Agency is an agency of the European Union, responsible for the implementation of the EU's chemicals legislation. ECHA helps ensure that chemicals are used safely and that human health and the environment is protected while the competitiveness of the European industry sector is enhanced. ECHA is one of the biggest agencies of the European Union and its personnel represents 26 different EU nationalities. ECHA employs around 650 experts from different parts of Europe. Together with their families, they form a large expatriate community in Helsinki. ECHA provides valuable information of the internationalisation of Helsinki and the integration and everyday lives of people who have moved here.ECHA is important to Helsinki from an economic development perspective as well. ECHA brings a lot of other things relating to its domain to Helsinki. The annual number of visitors to the events arranged by the agency is more than 12,000. ECHA Telakkaranta on the Helsinki New Horizons website (in Finnish) Telakkaranta on the Skanska website (in Finnish) "
  This year the Christmas season in Helsinki promises to be more eventful than ever. In addition to all our traditional Christmas events, we will be celebrating the 100
  th anniversary of Finnish independence for two whole days  on 5 and 6 December 2017. The Christmas season in Helsinki stretches from the end of November all the way to the beginning of January, during which period the theme of light will entertain locals and visitors alike while livening up the city in many ways. The full programme can be found on the MyHelsinki website.Christmas in Helsinki will be full of events and a wonderful atmosphere this year. Traditional Christmas events, such as the opening of the Christmas street, the Helsinki Christmas Market and the Lucia Parade, will be joined by many new happenings and experiences.For example, a family fun run will take place around Finlandia Hall on 2 December, while Christmas Paths will attract families to Vuosaari on 3 December and Seurasaari on 10 December. In the Esplanade Park, traditional Finnish Christmas food will meet flavours from around the world when the NUUR pop-up caf and shop opens on the Espa Stage on 4 December. Meanwhile, visitors can enjoy a Christmas sauna at the Helsinki Christmas Market in Senate Square, and the Allas Sea Pool will be celebrating the season with lights and water.This year Independence Day will be widely celebrated also in the nations capital as the Republic of Finland turns a hundred. The birthday celebrations in Helsinki will take the form of a two-day city festival, the programme for which is being created together with local residents, communities and businesses. A new tradition is also being created for Independence Day: a fun and joyful Independence Day Eve.Its great that new ways of celebrating are being created alongside our old traditions and that Finlands centenary is inspiring locals to do things together. Many of the nations most important Independence Day traditions take place in the capital, so Helsinki plays an important role in leading the national celebrations, says Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.The official opening ceremony of the Independence Day celebrations will take place at the Market Square in Helsinki at 6pm on Tuesday 5 December. The birthday celebrations in Helsinki will then end together with the Finland 100 centenary year at 10pm on Wednesday 6 December with an impressive fireworks display over the South Harbour.Hundreds of events will take place between these two special occasions, inviting locals and visitors to celebrate the nations birthday together  both indoors and out, at home and in the city. Exciting ice hockey will be placed at the Helsinki Ice Challenge in Kaisaniemi, the citys museums and open-air skating rinks will be open, family events will be held in many public libraries, Art goes Kapakka will bring culture to bars and restaurants, choirs will sing throughout the city centre, and many community centres will organise their own local celebrations.This year locals and visitors will be able to enjoy the light in Helsinki throughout the entire holiday season, as the main theme from the opening of the Christmas street to the beginning of January will be light. The traditional Christmas lights around the Esplanade, Aleksanterinkatu and Senate Square will be further enhanced this year. Special lighting will create a unique atmosphere in the city to mark Finlands birthday from 5 to 6 December, when major buildings including City Hall, the Presidential Palace, Helsinki Cathedral, the Government Palace, the main building of the University of Helsinki, Finlandia Hall, the Olympic Stadium Tower and the Helsinki Central Library Oodi will be illuminated in blue and white lights. Tlnlahti Park will also feature an interactive light installation entitled Generation.Now throughout the Christmas season. The Citys major ongoing construction sites will also get illuminations or flag flying YITs Tripla in Pasila, SRVs Redi in Kalasatama and the construction site of Keskos K-kampus.
  Locals will also be challenged to bring light to the darkest time of the year as part of the Lux Helsinki light festival. Locals can participate in the Light Challenge by sharing a photo or video of their own light installation on Instagram or Twitter using the hashtag #valohaaste.
  See the complete programme for the Christmas season and the Independence Day celebrations in Helsinki: MyHelsinki.fiSpecial traffic arrangements will be in made in the city centre during the Independence Day celebrations on 5-6 December.****
Helsinki Marketing is a marketing company owned by the
City of Helsinki. Helsinki Marketing is responsible for Helsinkis operative
city marketing and business partnerships. Helsinki Marketing works in close
cooperation with local residents, visitors, decision-makers and experts.
  Health stations are open on Tuesday 5 December 8 - 16 and closed 6. December. Information is provided about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call. On Independence Day 6 December, HSLs transport services will operate a Sunday service.24 h Telephone Health Service, Tel. 09 10023  Information is provided about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call. When necessary, this number connects you to a doctor for a house call, e.g. in an incident of a serious mental health crisis.In life-threatening emergencies  call 112 In the event of a severe and life-threatening illness or accident situation at any time of the day, call 112 for help. Health Stations Health stations are open on Thursday 5 December 8 - 16 and closed 6. December.Emergency Health Centre If your health station is closed, the following health centre hospitals help you in emergencies MonFri 16 - 22 and at weekends and holidays 8 - 22 as follows:
Adults (over 16 years of age)Haartman Hospital, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12, tel. 09310 63231 and Maria Hospital, Lapinlahdenkatu 16, building 15 C, inner court, tel. 09 310 67468. Emergency Departments of Haartman and Maria Hospitals are on duty at night 22 - 8.When a health station of residents of Helsinki is closed, they can in an acute event of illness use the services of Jorvi Emergency Health Centre in Espoo, Turuntie 150, tel. 09 10023 or Peijas Emergency Health Centre in Vantaa, Sairaalakatu 1, tel. 09 471 67060.Emergency Dental Care Emergency dental care is provided 6 December 9  21 at Haartman Hospital, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12. Appointments can be booked 8 - 21 at 09 310 49999. Please always make an appointment by phone before seeking treatment for Emergency Dental Care!Emergency Social Services
and Crisis emergency support 24/7 Emergency Social Services and Crisis emergency support serve 24/7 also during Independence Day. Emergency Social Services tel. 0206 96006 and Crisis emergency support tel. 09 3104 4222. Public transport on Independence Day 6 December and Tuesday 5 DecemberOn Independence Day 6 December, HSLs transport services will operate a Sunday service. There are diversions to tram and bus routes in Helsinki city center due to students torchlight procession and Presidents Independence Day Reception.On Tuesday 5 December, a Friday service will operate. In addition, the Metro will run two hours longer than usual and some bus routes that depart from the city center will have additional services.Transport services on Independence Day, 6 DecemberA Sunday service will operate. There are diversions to tram and bus routes in Helsinki city center due to parades and Presidents Independence Day Reception.Students torchlight processionThe procession will start at 5pm from Hietaniemenkatu and proceed along Hietaniemenkatu, Arkadiankatu, Mannerheimintie and Pohjoisesplanadi to the Presidential Palace, from where it will continue along Mariankatu and Aleksanterinkatu to the Senate Square.
Trams 1 and 2 will run in both directions along Mannerheimintie 4.50pm-5.30pm. The trams will not serve Runeberginkatu and Arkadiankatu. Delays are expected to other tram routes.
The 4.45pm and 5.05pm services from Merikatu will run along Pietarinkatu, Kapteeninkatu, Tehtaankatu, Laivurinkatu, Fredrikinkatu, Pohjoinen Rautatienkatu and Mechelininkatu. The bus will not serve Korkeavuorenkatu, Mannerheimintie, Arkadiankatu and Pohjoinen Rautatienkatu.
   The 4.45pm and 5.05 services from Seurasaari will run along Mechelininkatu, Hietalahdenranta, Bulevardi and Yrjnkatu. The bus will not serve Hietaniemi, Pohjoinen and Etelinen Rautatienkatu, Arkadiankatu and Mannerheimintie. The buses will stop at all bus stops along the diversion route.
 In addition, the procession may cause delays to routes 14, 18, 21V, 37, 39, 41, 42, 69 and 195.Presidents Independence Day ReceptionTram routes 2, 3, 4 and 7 will be diverted from about 5pm to 11pm. Tram 5 will not operate. Buses will replace tram services in Eira and Katajanokka.
Map showing the tram diversions and routes of replacement busesThe trams 2 and 3 will run to the terminus of tram 1 on Pursimiehenkatu.
Bus 3X will serve the section of the route not served by the trams. The bus will run from Etelranta along Laivasillankatu, Tehtaankatu, Laivurinkatu, Fredrikinkatu, Bulevardi, Albertinkatu and Pursimiehenkatu to Viiskulma. The termini will be Viiskulma (1174) on Pursimiehenkatu and Olympiaterminaali (1987) on Laivasillankatu.
The tram 4 will run to Kolmikulma.
Bus 4X will replace the tram between Lasipalatsi and Katajanokka. The bus will leave from the Postitalo bus stop (2038) and run along Postikatu, Kaivokatu, Kaisaniemenkatu, Liisankatu, Pohjoisranta, Kanavakatu, Satamakatu, Kruunuvuorenranta and Linnankatu to Merikasarminkatu.
The tram 5 will not operate. The tram will be replaced by bus 5X. The bus will run the same route as bus 4X until Kruunuvuorenkatu, from where it will continue to the terminal.
The tram 7 will run via the Central Railway Station. The tram will not serve Aleksanterinkatu, Snellmaninkatu and Liisankatu.Other alterationsThere will be a number of protest marches on Independence Day that may cause diversions to public transport routes.Transport services on Tuesday 5 DecemberA Friday service will operate on most routes. In addition, night buses and the additional pre-Christmas services will run, i.e. the Metro will run two hours longer than usual and some bus routes that depart from the Helsinki city center will have additional services.However, some U line buses will operate a normal Monday service.
Detailed timetables from the Journey PlannerDetailed timetables are available in the Journey Planner(
  www.reittiopas.fi).Timetables of U line services are available in the Matkahuolto timetable search, https://www.matkahuolto.fi/.Read moreFinland 100 celebrations further enliven the Christmas season in Helsinki Social services and health care divisionHSLs transport services 
On the eve before Finland's birthday, December 5 at 18 PM, many iconic buildings and venues in Finland and other countries will be illuminated in blue and white. There are more than 30 jubilee illuminations which you can see from December 5 at 18 PM, during the Independence Day until midnight December 6.In the city centre, you can also stop and admire the Christmas lights on the Esplanade and a light installation composed of one hundred Finnish flags, erected on December 5 at the Market Square. In the Tlnlahti Park, behind Finlandia Hall there a touching light installation, Generation. Now, from December 5 to January 5. It takes us back in time to the feelings of WW 2. The light installation is open the whole month, from 16 to 21 PM (closed December 24-25), and during the Lux Helsinki festival, January 6 to 10, from 16 to 22 PM. Generation.Now. is a collaboration between Yle and the City of Helsinki.The Lux Helsinki #valohaaste-campaign challenges local residents, communities and companies to create their own light installations. You can join the challenge by sharing a picture, a video or a gif-animation on social media with the hashtag #valohaaste. Lux Helsinki will pick out some fine works during the challenge on its Instagram-account. The light challenge continues until mid-January, when SATO, Lux Helsinkis partner, will award the three best installations, by a gift card for buying more lights.The Finland 100 jubilee year will culminate on December 6 at 22 PM, when there will be fireworks as a celebration over Helsinkis South Harbour. You can best watch the fireworks from Thtitorninmki where you can also listen to the accompanying music. Yle will broadcast the jubilee fireworks directly on television.Olympic stadium tower, Paavo Nurmen tie 1Presidential Palace, Mariankatu 2Helsinki City Hall, Pohjoisesplanadi 11-13Helsinki Cathedral, Unioninkatu 29Government Palace, Snellmaninkatu 1 AHelsinki University, Main building, Unioninkatu 34Finlandia Hall, Mannerheimintie 13eHelsinki Railway station, Kaivokatu 1National Museum, Mannerheimintie 34National Opera, Helsinginkatu 58The Christmas lights in the Esplanade Park and Espa bandstandMarket Square, EtelrantaOodi Library, Tlnlahdenkatu 1Swedish Theatre, Pohjoisesplanadi 2Old Market hall, EtelrantaNational Theatre, Lntinen Teatterikuja 1Helsinki City Theatre, Ensi linja 2Savoy Theatre, Kasarmikatu 46Stockmann, Aleksanterinkatu 52Kamppi Shopping mall, Urho Kekkosen katu 1Lightwell at Forum Shopping mall, Mannerheimintie 1420Redi, Kalasatama, Kylsaarenkatu 25 and Kaasutehtaankatu 1, building number 6Oil cistern 468, KruunvuorenrantaHotel Clarion, Tyynenmerenkatu 2Stora Enso headquarters, Kanavaranta 1SEK House, Annankatu 28 Didrichsen Art Museum, Kuusilahdenkuja 1Stoa, Turunlinnantie 1The block of flats at Unioninkatu 45Kalasatama, K-Kampus, Typajankatu 12 (Lit up by Keskininen Tyelkevakuutusyhti Varma, Kesko Oyj and Haahtela-rakennuttaminen Oy)Pasila, the Tripla crane nr 8 (by the station building site at Ratapihantie in It-Pasila)Linnanmki, maailmanpyr Rinkeli, Tivolikuja 1Harmaja Lighthouse, Gulf of FinlandFortum headquarters, Keilaniementie 1, EspooRead moreCelebrate Finlands birthday in Helsinki (including map of the illuminated objects)My Helsinki  Bday in town Empirical light art installation brings the wartime generation in front of us Lux Helsinki route leads festival-goers to the Kaartinkaupunki district from 6 to 10 JanuaryBlue and white light will shine in Finland and abroad 
  The Helsinki City Council approved on 29 November a motion by Councillor Veronika
Honkasalo on wider social and health care services to undocumented immigrants. The Council voted on the motion after a lively debate, in which councillors took the floor approximately 100 times in the Council meeting that lasted more than seven hours. The decision means that undocumented immigrants in Helsinki will in the future have the right for vaccinations and to be treated for chronic illnesses. Today undocumented immigrants are entitled to emergency health care services such as first aid.
The City Council also considered other motions at the meeting. Council groups and councillors had made a total of 30 motions to the Council.
  The City Council approved the budget proposal for 2018 and an economic plan for 20182020. Motions by Hannu OskalaandMaija
Anttila were approved as part of the consideration. Hannu Oskalas motion proposes that the possibilities be investigated to compile the City budget as well as the budgets and allocation plans of the division committees in one place on the City of Helsinki website. Maija Anttilas motion proposes that the City Board investigate the possibility to commit City divisions to prepare instruments to measure the productivity and impacts of their operations to be included in the Council-term halfway evaluation.Young peoples right to make motions has been included since 2015 in the Ruuti system for the participation and influence of young people in Helsinki. Motions by young people refer to motions made by 13- to -17-year-old Helsinki residents on matters related to City operations. The objectives of young peoples right to make motions are to encourage young people to participate in social decision-making and to make City divisions aware of the wishes of young people. The Ruuti Core Group presented its proposals to the City Council at the meeting. The Council does not decide on the progress of Ruuti proposals, but the motions by young people aroused a lively discussion in the Council.Helsinki City Council meetings are webcast and available on demand on the City of Helsinki web channel at www.helsinkikanava.fi, which also publishes the Council voting maps and other information on Council meetings. The City Council will meet next on Wednesday 13 December starting at 16:00.
Helsinki City Board proposes a nature reserve to be set up in the old forest of Kivinokka as part of the My Nature Gift campaign to celebrate the centenary of Finland's independence. In Kivinokka, the goal is to preserve a roughly 13 hectare area consisting of valuable natural forest, characterised by old spruce copse. The new nature reserve complements the nature reserves in the Natura 2000 area of Vanhankaupunginlahti and in Viikki-Vanhankaupunginlahti. Helsinki City Board presents to the Uusimaa Centre for Economic Development, Transport and the Environment that it sets up the Kivinokka old forest nature reserve as part of the My Nature Gift campaign.Helsinki has participated in the My Nature Gift campaign, initiated by the Ministry of the Environment and the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry. The campaign urged different entities to give nature reserves as a gift to Finland celebrating 100 years of independence. The reserves must be set up during 2017. The decisions will then feature a mention of how the areas are a part of the campaign celebrating the centenary of independence. According to the initiative in Helsinki, the reserves are made a part of the Helsinki forest preservation network.Through the jubilee year campaign, private persons, companies, municipalities, parishes, foundations and associations have been presented with the opportunity to give their gifts to the centenarian Finland. Read more in Finnish:Helsinki City BoardPrime Minister's OfficeMinistry of the Environment
"Slush delivered good news on its second day, especially to startups planning to enter China. Chinese investors announced a new venture capital fund of several million euros for startups.Furthermore, China-based accelerator firm COMB+ and Helsinki Business Hub signed a strategic partnership agreement on Friday morning, seeking to strengthen and facilitate cooperation between Finnish and Chinese startups. City of Helsinki representatives rejoiced the new agreement.Helsinki and Beijing are sister cities, so close cooperation comes easy, says Deputy Mayor Nasima Razmyar, who attended Slush.Razmyar visited Beijing recently and saw with her own eyes the vast size differences between China and Finland.We should realize that if China builds ice halls, they dont build three but three hundred of them at the same time. Its hard for us to meet the Chinese demand with quantity, but we can compete with quality, she says.Deputy Mayor Pia Pakarinen also expects closer cooperation in the future: not only Helsinki but the entire Finland will have huge opportunities ahead in this cooperation.Economic Development Director Marja-Leena Rinkineva says that the new agreement is a magnificent development, as a partnership agreement is necessary with the Chinese in order to be able in practice to strengthen cooperation.Economic Development Director Marja-Leena Rinkineva is delighted that startups have better and better opportunities to go global.Startups intending to enter China presented themselves in a pitching competition on Friday. Before the pitching, COMB+ CEO Leo Zhu affirmed that Chinese investors are very interested in Finnish innovations. The firms first location outside China is Helsinki.When I was here for the first time last year, I witnessed tremendous passion and heard about great plans for China from entrepreneurs, but many of them were confused about ways to enter China. Were now offering more help to young talent to enter our market, Zhu says.Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori reminded listeners that the City of Helsinki has its own programme, NewCo Helsinki, which supports startups at different stages of operation.Helsinki is the best place to accelerate to the Chinese market, and the Slush pitching competitions help to pass messages on rapidly, Mayor Vapaavuori said.Geography is no obstacle to business. Mayor Vapaavuori pointed out the good flight connections between Helsinki and many Asian hubs  were not at the edge of Europe but in the heart of Eurasia.According to Member of Parliament Pertti Salolainen, the Finns believe that they are better known in the rest of the world than they really are. However, Slush is well known among investors and businesspeople. Sharing views with Salolainen are Mayor Jan Vapaavuori and Swedish Ambassador Anders Ahnlid.Slush has grown by the year. Peter Vesterbacka, one of the founders of Slush, said in his address to the audience that he expects the mega-event to be even bigger next year.Deputy Mayor Pakarinen confirms the importance of the event for the whole city. She has known Slush well for years.Weve never had so many millionaires at the same time in Helsinki before. We should come up with more ways to inspire them to invest their money here, she says.Helsinki hotels are full and restaurants keep busy at the time of Slush. Pakarinen is delighted that Slush is seen in the city more and more for example, the City Hall was lit up in the colours of Slush.Perhaps we could think how to greet Slush visitors even more visibly and cheerfully,"" Pakarinen adds.Deputy Mayor Razmyar points out that Slush is city marketing at its best. She wonders, however, if the city is as visible in the event as it could be. Deputy Mayors Pia Pakarinen and Nasia Razmyar didnt make it to sauna but believe sauna is a good place to network.The City of Helsinki didnt have a booth of its own at Slush this year but set up a boat-shaped sauna outside the event venue.Two Slush attendants from Amsterdam, Yeni Joseph and Rahel de Vriend of the firm B. Amsterdam, are grateful for the sauna. To them, sauna is a means for networking, as well as relaxation and having fun. Just as the whole event.Slush was a fine event for us last year, but this time its even better, also thanks to the sauna, Joseph assures.Attendants looked for snow, which finally started to come down on Friday, as if written into the programme.Text by Kirsi RiipinenTranslation by Johanna LemolaPhotos by Ilkka Ranta-AhoRead moreSlush 2017Rahel de Vriend and Yeni Joseph are grateful to the City of Helsinki for a fine sauna experience."
International House Helsinki (IHH) provides most of the services that immigrants need when they move to Finland under one roof. Starting 4 December, customer service is provided at the premises of the Local Register Office of Uusimaa in Albertinkatu in Helsinki.The customer service for individual customers at IHH is intended for international residents who have recently moved to the Helsinki area. IHH also provides services to companies and employers as regards foreign personnel and the recruitement of such personnel.The plan is that the service will become permanent, but the service will start with a pilot project coordinated by the City of Helsinki. The operations can continue at the premises of the Local Register Office of Uusimaa at least until the end of 2018. In addition to the immigrant information services of the City of Helsinki, also the Local Register Office of Uusimaa, the Finnish Tax Administrations and Kelas service point In To Finland, the TE Office of Uusimaa, the Finnish Centre for Pensions and the Helsinki Region Chamber of Commerce participate in the pilot project.When a customer arrives at the service point International House Helsinki, the immigrant advisors of the City of Helsinki clarify the customers need of services and, when needed, provide information on the forms, decisions and procedures of different official authorities. They also give the customers advice in matters related to, for instance, residence permits, studying Finnish, residence, studies, social and health care services as well as schools and day care for the children.In IHH, the representatives of the Local Register Office of Uusimaa provide services for all immigrants who move to the Helsinki area. When the reason for immigration is employment, the Local Register Office registers the persons Finnish personal identity code usually while waiting. Thus the customer immediately gets a personal identity code if the criteria for registration are met. At the same time, the customers personal data and address are registered in the population data system.The TE Office of Uusimaa provides general information about the employment services for individual customers. In addition to getting information, in IHH it is also possible to register as a jobseeker. After the registration, the customers continued contacts with the employment services are handled at the customers local TE service point.The representatives of the service point In To Finland provide information about social security benefits and taxation in Finland. The customer can also initiate a case as regards social security matters. At the same time, you can apply for a tax card or an individual tax number, which is required for those working in construction.The Finnish Centre for Pensions provides information about earnings-related pensions and social security for IHH customers. The customer can get information about the A1 certificate and about whether he or she is covered under the social security system of the country of origin or that of Finland. Information is also provided on matters related to earnings-related pensions and pension insurance: taxes and contributions withheld on the wage or salary, how to check your own accrued earnings-related pension and how to claim a pension.The Chamber of Commerce provides advice for employers in matters related to foreign employees, helps to find appropriate services and clarifies the needs for services of the companies. Information is provided by phone, by e-mail and online. In future, help in contacts with official authorities will also be provided by an online self-service tool on IHHs website (Service Advisor App). The tool helps the customer find the right official authority to contact and gives advice on the documentation needed.The testing of the self-service tool will start in December, and the tool will later be available also on the website. The website ihhelsinki.fi will be launched on 4 December when the service is introduced.Additional informationIhhelsinki.fi (launched on 4 December)
"It is difficult to find the right words to describe such a unique atmosphere like Slush. The event is very friendly and warm, Fredrik Wollsn, who has moved from Stockholm to Helsinki, describes.He was pitching his startup at the City Hall in the early morning as one of a hundred startups. At this point, it was impossible to even guess which entries of the 100 Slush pitching contest would make it to the finals, since a whole day of pitching was ahead of us. Contestants got three minutes to pitch their ideas. The jury's task was to rate the startups and, later that evening at Maria 01, reveal the names of the 50 contestants who made it to the finals.Wollsn is a regular visitor  this is his sixth time participating at Slush. But this time he was getting on the stage himself.""I was not scared or nervous. I enjoy it when I get the chance to tell others about our company.""Clerk.ai is a company for freelancers in different countries. The company does all the paperwork for the freelancers. Wollsn claims there are plenty of potential clients considering that, according to Clerk.ai's calculations, there are 200 million freelancers in the world.Wollsn insists he will not get disappointed even if he does not make it to the finals. He has come to his favourite event, Slush, to network.Fredrik Wollsn, who has moved from Stockholm to Helsinki, is impressed by both Slush and Helsinki. Besides Slush, Wollsn also compliments Helsinki.""Helsinki is an exceptionally international place. There are other cities that consider themselves startup cities, but, in essence, they are of a much more regional character. Helsinki is a truly global city.""The first contestant, Johanna Varje, pitching her startup on Wednesday morning in front of the jury. She talked about AlvinOne which aims at preventing diseases through information. It is easier for people to make changes in their lifestyle when there is information and support to back them up.Slush has grown to be one of the world's leading edge startup events. Last year, 17,500 visitors attended Slush and now the number is drawing closer to 20,000. Renowned international investors and leaders of large-scale enterprises have also arrived in Helsinki.Among the investors are Yu Xiao and Hai Zhao from Shanghai. They had no prior experiences of the Slush event in Helsinki, but they know the event's good reputation since Slush's sister event is organised in Shanghai.""Our intention is not to use any enormous sums, but we are ready to invest in startups with talented entrepreneurs and interesting solutions relating to education"", they state.Yu Xiao and Hai Zhao are investors looking for promising startups with new solutions concerning education.Mayor Jan Vapaavuori is familiar with Slush.""This is my fifth time already. It is great to see how the event is growing, also time-wise in respect to events outside the main programme. It looks like we are heading towards a week-long event in Helsinki.""When he opened the Slush 100 pitching competition, Vapaavuori compared Helsinki and Slush since they both have plenty in common. They are dynamic, functional, unique and funny but also just the right amount of weird.Mayor Jan Vapaavuori opened the Slush 100 pitching contest. He is a Slush veteran and attends the event for the fifth time.The attendees would probably not mind if the event stretched out even further. This was evident on Wednesday evening at Maria 01 where the cheerful Slush crowd gathered to hear which entries would make it to the finals. Compliments were given to both the event and Helsinki.Vitali Haiduchenko and Max Makarentoof the startup Docsify in Ukraine say there are several different reasons which make it worthwhile to participate at the event. They are out to seek new clients, partners and investors. It is their first visit to Slush and Helsinki.Vitali Haiduchenko and Max Makarento wanted to come to Slush and Helsinki since the event is so well-liked and because it is a good place to network with others.""A friend of ours was so impressed by Slush that we had to make our way here ourselves"", Haiduchenko says. The 50 finalists continue pitching at Messukeskus. The winners of the competition are revealed at Messukeskus on Friday 1 December.Text: Kirsi RiipinenImages: Ilkka Ranta-ahoMore informationSlush 2017"
"Today, on Thursday 30 November 2017, the Mayor of Helsinki hosts the traditional Independence Day celebration for the fourth-formers in the schools of Helsinki. This year, the Finland 100 centenary will contribute to a special atmosphere at the event now organised for the 21st time. Mayor Jan Vapaavuori hosts the event for the first time. The special artist of the day, a well-kept secret up to the last moment, is the rap artist Mikael Gabriel.Almost 5,800 children and 430 teachers accepted the personal invitation from Mayor Jan Vapaavuori. Finland's independence will be celebrated at two identical receptions, the first one at 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. and the second one at 3:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. The special theme for this year's celebrations is the Finland 100 jubilee year, and the event is part of the centenary's official programme. Through the years, over 110,000 school children from Helsinki have taken part in the celebrations.Mayor Jan Vapaavuori with his spouse, Deputy Mayor Pia Pakarinen and the City Manager Sami Sarvilinna welcome all the guests with handshakes at the first reception at 11 a.m. At the second reception at 3:30 p.m., the Mayor and the Deputy Mayor will be joined by Executive Director of the Education Division Liisa Pohjolainen. Vapaavuori, who is hosting the celebrations for the first time, has been looking forward to the event as the highlight of the year.""It will most certainly be a memorable day with a riveting atmosphere. I believe that the children's joy and how they throw themselves into the dances will make this celebration unique and gorgeous. A total of 5,727 fourth-graders attend our two receptions today, which is a new record that amounts to over 200 students more than last year. It is delightful, especially in view of the centenary!"" Vapaavuori states.The children have prepared for the independence reception by learning traditional dances and good manners in view of the celebration. This year, the star artist performing at the event is rapper Mikael Gabriel accompanied by the houseband Must.The entrance and dance music will be played by the Guards Band, and the Finnish national anthem will also be sung to their accompaniment. Circus Helsinki will entertain the guests lining up for the handshaking ceremony.Mayor Jan Vapaavuori will deliver a speech to the guests, and the speeches of the guests will be held by Miro Ezzat-Agha from Tahvonlahden ala-aste and Ciara Ryan from Brnd lgstadieskolan at the first reception. At the second reception, the speeches of the guests will be held by Noomi Sinivirta from Pihlajiston ala-aste and Hugo Widemark from shjdens grundskola.The festive menu has been created by chef Markku Luola and is a tribute to Finnish nature. The source of inspiration for the menu is the Finnish landscape as well as harvests from forests, meadows, fields and gardens. Before moving on to the delicacies, the guests will be served a welcome drink made from berries, which will remind them of the red berry harvest. Next, a salty lollipop containing falafels, tomatoes and the beloved Finnish potato will be served. Bilberries from the Finnish forests have the lead role in the sweet cake. The festive menu also corresponds to the City of Helsinki's flavour strategy which is based on Finnish food.The Finlandia restaurant will be assisted by 50 students in the hotel, restaurant and catering business from the Helsinki Vocational College's Roihuvuori unit. The order will be maintained with the help of 30 students from Lauttasaari upper secondary school. Many of the assistants have once celebrated independence at the Mayor's reception themselves.The celebration of the fourth-formers can be watched live again this year on the Helsinki channel at www.helsinkikanava.fi.Both events are streamed live, and they can also be watched later as recordings on the Helsinki channel. Last year's recording of the festivities reached almost 15,000 views.Background informationThe Mayor's independence celebration is an annual event of the City of Helsinki, organised by the City's subsidiary Helsinki Marketing.Mayor Eva-Riitta Siitonen started the tradition with independence receptions for the fourth-formers in 1997.Read moreFourth-formers Independence Day receptionHelsinki-kanava"
On Thursday, The Duke will visit the Slush startup and technology event, where he will attend the opening ceremony and visit Finnish and British companies stalls. In addition, The Duke will visit a primary school in Helsinki, where accompanied by Minister of Education Sanni Grahn-Laasonen and Head of the Helsinki Education Division Sector Liisa Pohjolainen, he will be introduced to innovative learning environments and methods and learn about the KiVa Koulu anti-bullying programme.The general public will have an opportunity to greet The Dukeat 12:45on 30 November in Esplanade park, where His Royal Highness will visitaccompanied by MayorJan Vapaavuori and Chair of City CouncilTuuli Kousa. Following his visit to the park, The Duke will proceed to the City Hall, where he will attend a luncheon offered by the City of Helsinki. Prince William, The Duke of Cambridge, will visit Finland on 29-30 November. The visit will be hosted by President of the Republic of Finland, Sauli Niinist. President Niinist will receive The Duke at the Presidential Palace on 29 November.Following the meeting, The Duke visited an ice rink in Helsinki, where helearned about the activities of Icehearts. Icehearts is an operating model providing long-term professional growth support through team sport for children needing it. Read more:Office of the President of the Republic of Finland 
  A new cooperation agreement between the cities of Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Kauniainen seeks to advance strategic dialogue and operative cooperation between the cities.The objective of the agreement is to improve the international competitiveness of the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, to develop metropolitan cooperation and metropolitan policies, and to advance the cities joint promotion of interests at the national level. The agreement promotes cooperation between the cities in questions related to land use, housing and transport. The agreement also improves and enhances the cities services and the coordination of the ownership steering of the joint municipal bodies.
The key questions related to the metropolitan cooperation are dealt with in the Metropolitan Area Cooperation Group, which replaces the cooperation bodies based on the previous agreement, that is, the Helsinki Metropolitan Area Advisory Board and Coordination Group. The nature of the Metropolitan Area Cooperation Groups duties is more strategic than that of the previous cooperation bodies. The Helsinki City Board named Deputy Mayors Anni Sinnemki,Pia Pakarinen,Sanna Vesikansa and Nasima Razmyar as members of the Metropolitan Area Cooperation Group.Cooperation between Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Kauniainen based on a cooperation agreement began in 2004. Since the City Council term of 20092013, the cooperation agreements have been approved for one Council term at a time.Read MoreHelsinki Region
"The Helsinki City Council approved budget and the economic plan for 20182020 in its meeting of 29 November.City Council lowered municipal income tax rate to 18.0% and determined 2018 real estate tax rates. Helsinki also abolishes dox tax. NewsCity Council considers budget proposal next time November 29thEconomic growth combined with the City's tradition of responsible management of finances enable new commitments in both investments and the operational economy. These are especially visible in the Education Division, in accordance with what has been outlined in the City Strategy. The good overall situation in the Helsinki economy allows for the compensation of the rising costs of living with a moderate reduction of the income tax by 0.5 percentage points. In the future, Helsinki would have a municipal income tax rate of 18 %. The financing of the investments and the commitments in the operational economy that have been outlined in the strategy can be covered with cash flow financing even after the tax relief without significant further incurring of debts. The economic situation of the City looks more stable than in the previous years, which is due to the economic recovery of the entire country and the growth of the companies located in Helsinki. The total tax revenue for 2017 is estimated at EUR 222 million more than what was anticipated in the 2017 budget. Especially the strong growth of the corporation tax revenue elevates the tax revenue forecast. According to the latest forecast, the operating and investment cash flow for 2017 show a surplus of around EUR 60 million, and this enables a repayment of the loan stock accordingly. The City's liquidity remains at a good level in 2017. The basis set by the current year for the planning of the budget for the upcoming year is thus positive. Considering the population growth and the productivity goal set in the City Strategy, the operational economy expenditure, which is in agreement with the strategy review, may grow by 1.35 per cent in the upcoming year, compared to the 2017 budget. The preparation of the budget proposal is strongly affected by the new City strategy, which was recently approved by the City Council. In the Strategy, the essential foundations for the economic planning are the annual 0.5 per cent productivity goal and that the City's indebtedness per capita must not rise. ""In"
"cent, says Mayor Jan Vapaavuori. In accordance with the City Strategy, the needs of the growing City and the change in the level of costs has been acknowledged in the projection of the operating expenses, targeted especially for basic public services, where the population growth increases the expenses most directly. This is especially shown as an approximate EUR 40 million addition in the appropriations to the Education Division, where the measures outlined in the Strategy can be initiated immediately. The Education Division will, among other things, start to increase the number of places in early childhood education and in comprehensive school in English and strengthen the Chinese language teaching and other immersion course and language-enriched teaching. Also to be started is the preparation of a development plan for education for immigrants. The implementation of the City Strategy is visible in other divisions as well. The Culture and Leisure Division has prepared for the expenses related to opening of the Helsinki Central Library Oodi. In the Social Services and Health Care Division, the growing groups of clients who need more demanding care is taken into account and the Ohjaamo activities are made permanent. In the Urban Environment Division, the entries owing to the Strategy are visible especially in the investments. The starting point for the repair construction is ensuring the safety, healthiness and usefulness of the premises, especially the schools and day-care centres. A little over a quarter of the investment expenditure is used to curb the maintenance backlog, including compensatory new construction.The population of Helsinki is expected to grow by 7,720 residents annually between 2017 and 2020.The investment level of the growing City reaches an all-time high in the budget proposal for 2018. The City's investment expenditure is EUR 774.0 million in total, of which the investments by municipal enterprises amount to 181.8 million. The City's combined investment expenditure grows by EUR 111.1 million (16.8 %) compared to the 2017 budget. Excluding the financial contributions by other parties (gross amount of the investments shown in the City budget) in certain investment projects (Helsinki Central Library and Dance House Helsinki), the investment expenditure of Helsinki grows by EUR 91.6 million (14.3 %).The prerequisites for the growth of the City are secured by commitments to the investments required by the housing production goal and business life, as well as to the development of the service network. Investments in public transport are made to ensure the implementation of previously approved projects.""A"
"solutions that improve the housing, the traffic and the liveability of the city, concludes Mayor Vapaavuori. The 2018 budget proposal includes a reduction of the municipal tax rate by 0.5 percentage points to 18 per cent. The Mayor's proposal also sees the dog tax abolished. According to Mayor Vapaavuori, the tax relief is especially meant to compensate the negative effects that the soaring costs of living have on the purchasing power of the residents of Helsinki. ""The"
total taxation , Vapaavuori explains. According to the Mayor, the reduction of the tax rate is possible without compromising the investment capacity or the City's economic standing. To the contrary, the investment level is higher than ever and in the preparation of the budget, it has been possible to meet the operating cost needs of the divisions almost in full. According to the Mayor, it is natural that when the tax rate is increased in difficult times, it can also be moderately reduced when the economic situation is more stable.Reducing the tax rate by 0.5 percentage points means an approximate EUR 70 million drop in the municipal tax revenue and the amount of municipal tax paid by the citizens. Taking the reduction of the tax rate into account, the cash flow financing is enough to cover both the strategic goals for the operational economy and the financing of the investments without significant further incurring of debts.The estimated municipal tax revenue in 2018 EUR 2.53 billion (2017 budget: 2.46), the estimated corporation tax revenue EUR 540 million (2017 budget: 390) and the estimated real estate tax revenue EUR 285 million (2017 budget: 248). In 2018, the estimated central government transfers to local government are EUR 175 million, when the estimated accrual for 2017 is EUR 220 million.
"Launched at Slush two years ago, the startup centre now known as Maria 01, situated in the former Maria Hospital premises, has been a success: there are more incomers to the centre in the heart of the city than there are spaces, and the area already hosts 130 operators and 700 jobs.Now the plan is to turn the area into a unique campus in Helsinki, Campus Maria, a meeting place for startups developing their ideas as well as large-scale enterprises, investors looking for potential future stars, incubators and research and development activities.According to City of Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori, the Maria area holds a strategic position in regard to the development of the City.""The startup world finds Helsinki attractive. Startup companies in Helsinki are doing well, and we are doing everything in our power to make sure that Helsinki is among the world's best places for startup activities, as well as a desirable competence cluster for companies and experts alike. Campus Maria plays an important role in this"", says Vapaavuori.The city is now looking for an ambitious developer or a consortium of developers for the area which will be subject to a new detailed plan. In choosing the developer, emphasis will be placed on a brave and visionary idea and concept. The City wants to engage the developers even before the start of the detailed planning. This way the area can be shaped according to the idea, and not vice versa.Project Manager Gunnar Suikki feels that Finland has been lacking one distinct place, where, for example, international investors and entrepreneurs can be brought to meet Finnish growth enterprises. At the same time, the investors can also be offered an opportunity to start financing business activities or to establish their own company in the area.""Finland's most important business areas, such as Ruoholahti and Keilaniemi, as well as seven universities and institutes of higher education are located within a radius of ten kilometres. Campus Maria is in the middle of everything, like a heart pulsating the life of the city, Suikki describes.Social media#campusmariaMore informationCampus Maria"
Finlands 100 years of independence is celebrated this week with blue-and-white light shows across Finland and in almost 30 countries around the world. The excitement has been gathering pace up to the last minute, and 50 iconic venues and buildings across the globe will be illuminated with blue and white lights in honour of Finlands centenary of independence.The centenary of Finlands independence culminates on Finlands Independence Day, 6 December 2017. It is the most significant commemorative year for this generation of Finns. The Finns enthusiasm to mark the countrys 100th birthday with blue-and-white light shows has also spread across the world. Over the next few days, there will be blue-and-white light shows at 50 sites in a total of almost 30 countries.News about new venues for the light shows has been coming in up to the last minute.The sites include the Christ the Redeemer statue in Rio de Janeiro and the Niagara Falls in Canada, as well as many other spectacular sites that will be covered in blue-and-white lighting in honour of Finland. New venues are still popping up. A list covering dozens of different illuminated venues will be published next week.Its fantastic to witness how many friends Finland has all over the world, and how many people want to take part in this special moment, says Pekka Timonen, General Secretary of the Centenary of Finlands Independence, at the Prime Ministers Office. Many of the venues that will be lit up are historic and internationally significant places, where Finns and friends of Finland can feel proud of being Finnish and celebrate the centenary.Illuminating iconic venues will spotlight Finlands 100th birthday internationally. The concept was created in cooperation with the Finland 100 secretariat, part of the Prime Ministers Office and with the Ministry for Foreign Affairs and its embassy network.Illuminating venues with blue and white light makes Finland stand out in a new way, says Petri Salo, Finland 100 Ambassador at the Ministry for Foreign Affairs. This has been a great effort from our embassies around the world, and I want to send my warmest regards to everyone who has been involved.Yle, the Finnish Broadcasting Company, will air the unforgettable moments from the illuminated venues on TV, stream them online on Yle Areena, and post them on social media starting on 5 December, the eve of Independence Day.It is wonderful gesture for our nation and also a great demonstration of cooperation and respect between different countries, says Marko Krapu, Executive Producer at Yle, the Finnish Broadcasting Company.The centenary has become the richest and most versatile programme of all time in Finland, and provides a great overview of the nation today. As many as 5,000 different projects have been included in the open centenary programme, with an especially strong presence of culture, nature and history, as well as the spirit of doing good for each other and for the future of Finland. The magnitude of the programme is also exceptional internationally.More informationsuomifinland100.fiThe world congratulates the 100-year-old Finland by lighting up in blue and white
"Slush, the event that has grown to be at the leading edge of startup and technology events in the world, is organised 30 November1 December 2017 in Helsinki.Last year about 17,500 visitors participated in Slush. Among them were 2,300 startups, 1,100 investors and 600 representatives of international media. This year about 20,000 visitors from 130 countries are expected in total. Among the guests are Britain's Prince William and Sweden's Prince Daniel as well as President Martin Lau of the Chinese company Tencent which the City has made a cooperation deal with during this autumn.Slush is much more to Helsinki than merely an event for growth enterprises and investors. The significance this now giant event holds to Helsinki and the whole of Finland has grown each year. Helsinki's position as a startup city is continually growing and, through Slush, our reputation is spreading ever more widely. Except for startups and investors, the event also attracts a great deal of international reporters. This year we can again expect valuable coverage on both the event and the city, Mayor Jan Vapaavuori states.Alongside the main event at Messukeskus, Slush spreads across Helsinki with hundreds of different events during the Slush week. The City invites citizens and visitors along to enjoy the Slush atmosphere and celebrate the entrepreneurship in Helsinki. The city and the venues will be painted with pink light. The Helsinki City Hall will also be lit up and the Citys My Helsinki sauna will be placed in the Slush Sauna Village outside Messukeskus.Slush Founders' Street on Kalevankatu between Mannerheimintie and Yrjnkatu will be the official after work area for Slush during 29 November1 December.On 29 November, in the eve of Slush, a Slush 100 pitching contest will be arranged at the Helsinki City Hall. The names of the 50 growth enterprises that go through to the finals will be published the same evening at the startup centre Maria 01 and the competition winners will be announced at the Slush event on 1 November.Read moreSlush 2017My Helsinki article: Slush is in town: top speakers and side events not to missIn 2016, Slush also attracted attention worldwide with their bold advertising: ""Nobody in their right mind would come to Helsinki in November. Except you, you badass. Welcome."" The theme became a viral hit on social media and the banners have even been applauded as the best advertisements in the history of tourism."
Helsinki is witnessing a remarkable startup ecosystem emerging in the city. In the new edition of the City of Helsinkis international news bulletin Helsinki News, Santtu von Bruun, the Citys Head of Competitiveness and International Relations, elaborates on the reasons why, asserting, Above all, the entrepreneurial community is close-knit, and people work together supporting each other.Voitto Kangas, CEO of the Maria 01 startup hub, presents the principles and operation of the fast-growing community house for tech startups in Helsinki. Maria 01 strives to be a strong magnet in Finland that attracts startups and venture capitalists, he says.Maria 01 has a great deal of entrepreneurial activity and a good culture of supporting and sharing, confirms Fredrik
Lfberg, CEO and co-founder of Nordsafety and one of the Maria 01 residents.
Health Capital Helsinki focuses on life sciences and health tech, developing a research-based and business ecosystem for startups in the field. Our role is to build an effective chain from academic and clinical discoveries to business, says Tuula Palmn, Head of the Health Capital Helsinki office.Helsinki News also presents the Smart & Clean project, which combines Finnish public- and private-sector actors to develop solutions to pressing urban challenges using the Helsinki metropolitan area as platform. We seek to develop the area into the worlds best test bed for solutions to climate change and circular economy, says Tiina Kh, Executive Director of the Helsinki Metropolitan Smart & Clean Foundation.Read more: Helsinki News 3/2017 (.pdf) 
Suomenlinna ferry passengers gave the public transport services a very good overall rating of 4.22 on a scale of 1 to 5. Passenger satisfaction with the ferry services has remained high despite increased passenger numbers. July 2017 saw a new record in passenger numbers on the ferry with 390,000 monthly passengers. The increased passenger numbers had a negative impact in particular on the perceived punctuality of the ferry services, which was down from summer 2016. When the ferry is full, it may leave from the pier before the scheduled departure time and, on the other hand, the next departure may be late if the disembarkation of passengers takes longer than scheduled.
The renovation of the main pier in Suomenlinna was completed in summer 2017. Following the long-awaited redevelopment of the pier, satisfaction with waiting conditions at the pier slightly improved from summer 2016. In addition, respondents gave plenty of positive feedback about the redevelopment in the open-ended section of the survey. HSL measures passenger satisfaction with public transport services to/from Suomenlinna 1 June-31 August using onboard questionnaires. In the summer of 2017, over 1,200 ferry passengers responded to the survey. The survey data is available at hsl.louhin.com/asty.Read moreHSL
  The Helsinki City Council started to consider the 2018 budget proposal and the economic plan for 20182020 in its meeting of 15 November. Councillors took the floor approximately 70 times and made five motions, which will be voted on in the next Council meeting on 29 November.The City Council decided that the Helsinki municipal income tax rate be 18.0% as of the beginning of 2018. Revenue from municipal income tax in Helsinki in 2018 is estimated to be 2,530 million euros. Helsinkis municipal income tax rate continues to be 18.5% through 2017. The lowering of the tax rate will reduce the City of Helsinki municipal income tax revenue by approximately 70 million euros.The City Council decided that the general real estate tax rate for 2018 be 0.93%. The tax rate on permanent dwellings will be 0.41% and on other residential buildings 0.93%. These rates are at the low end of the range within which municipalities can vary the rates according to the Real Estate Act. The tax rate on an unbuilt site for construction in Helsinki will be 3.93% in 2018 and that on power plants 3.10%.There will be no dog tax in Helsinki as of 1 January 2018 onwards. This means that the City of Helsinki will not make a dog tax announcement in January 2018, and no dog tax invoices will be sent to dog owners in 2018 for the 2017 tax year. The law on dog tax dates back to the 1800s, enacted then to stop the spread of rabies. It became voluntary for municipalities in 1979 to levy dog tax.Helsinki City Council meetings are webcast and made available on demand on the City of Helsinki web channel at www.helsinkikanava.fi, which also publishes the Council voting maps and other information on Council meetings (not available in English).The City Council meets next on Wednesday, 29 November 2017, starting at 18:00.Read more:City Budget 2018
The Council of the European Union has today decided that the new seat of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) will be Amsterdam. The London-based European Medicines Agency (EMA) must be relocated following the UKs decision to leave the EU. Altogether 19 cities in the European Union offered to host the EMA, Helsinki among them.Although the EMA will not be moving to Helsinki, by joining the contest we were able to improve our Europe-wide networks in the medicines sector. Our Helsinki for EMA campaign showcased Finnish expertise in the field, said Minister of Social Affairs and Health Pirkko Mattila.Finland has high-ranking expertise in the health and medicines sectors. Health technology has long been our leading sector in high-technology exports, and its exports value has increased five-fold in the past two decades. The Finnish Medicines Agency (Fimea) is a highly esteemed agency in the EU. It also plays an important role in the European cooperation to supervise medicines, as was highlighted in the campaign.We have promoted our strengths and highlighted facts about them during our campaign, says Minister Mattila.In its campaign the City of Helsinki asserted itself as a rising centre of health and life sciences, where the research community and the public and private sectors work closely together. There are nearly 30,000 highly educated life sciences professionals in the Greater Helsinki area.The universities and research institutes in the Greater Helsinki area together form one of the highest-ranking medical research hubs in Europe.We believe that our role in the campaign for EMA will attract more foreign investments and expertise to the Helsinki area, says Marja-Leena Rinkineva, Director of Economic Development in the City of Helsinki.The European Medicines Agency (EMA) is responsible for the scientific evaluation, supervision and safety monitoring of medicines in the European Union. Its successful relocation from London to Amsterdam will be of critical importance for medicines safety in Europe. Fimea will step up its engagement in the cooperation between European medicines authorities and thereby support and contribute to the successful relocation of the EMA and the upholding of medicines safety in Europe.Read more Helsinki's MayorJan Vapaavuori's Blog: Applying for EMA was worth it and taught us something (in Finnish and English)Ministry of Social Affairs and Health
"How can we increase the internationalisation of the labour market in Helsinki and make better use of the know-how of foreigners who are already here?These were some of the questions at the core of the Accelerate Helsinki event arranged at Maria 01. The premises of the former Hospital turned into a startup hub were also well suited for the theme of day: the theme day formerly known as elinkeinopiv had changed, both in terms of the name and the programme outline.Speeches were held this time around, too, but a central part was played by the workshops and networking, where the participants, among other things, took on the role of an immigrant or worked to find different perspectives to Helsinki's role as a service provider.Mayor Jan Vapaavuori started off by reminding everyone that Helsinki is one of the best cities in the world. However, politics is still concerned with the thought about what the city does or what it does not do. Instead, we ought to be thinking of what the city enables and what it does not, with whom the city has partnerships and what kinds of common platforms we share.The city appears very international already, if the indicator is, for example, the drivers of Helsinki City Transport. Half of them have an immigrant background.  I dare claim that if we want to carry out the strategy of the most functional city in the world, we need a lot more immigrants here. Many companies consider it a lifeline of theirs that they can quickly recruit top experts from here and abroad.People do not want out of HelsinkiThen what can the city do? According to Vapaavuori, a good solution is, for example, a hefty increase in the amount of pre-school education and education offered in English, something that is actually carried out at the moment. Growth companies are saying that international labour force can be attracted as long as the incomers are single. When it comes to a family, the people have to think whether the spouse can find work as well. In this sense, our labour market is thinner than, for example, that in Copenhagen.Trying to attract the European Medicines Agency to the city has been a practical lesson to Helsinki. In a survey, the personnel of the Agency has stated that it is far more willing to move to the likes of Milan or Amsterdam.Vapaavuori noted that Helsinki has a big advantage on its side: when people come here, they do not want to leave. The European Chemicals Agency has the lowest employee turnover of all EU agencies.In the name of the city's international attractiveness, every good story is needed, whether it is Supercell, the Sauna Day or, for instance, an internationally renowned restaurant. Each good story feeds the next move and makes the city more international and more attractive.Maria 01 a brilliant stageIn his speech, main organiser of the Assembly event Pekka Aakko reflects upon the things that could make people want to move to Helsinki. He has also talked about this with people who have actually moved here. Safety, a clean environment and education are important, of course, but an even more important thing has been that people want to come and do great things and develop them.Communality and functional networks are important. One of Helsinki's strengths is that people help each other. For instance, game companies think of themselves as one community rather than competitors to each other.Aakko thinks that the former Maria hospital is a brilliant example of a stage that the city has created for innovating companies. Good Finnish language skills not a necessityIn today's panel discussion, representatives of companies and public administration got to present their own views on how it would be possible to increase the functionality of the international labour market.Lassila & Tikanoja Instructor Escocia Nsuku brought up a practical example. For almost a year, the company has worked with tutorial groups consisting of immigrants and asylum seekers. Initially, they are employed in traineeship positions and when their motivation and enthusiasm has been confirmed, they have been given a job.Startup Refugees has also accomplished a lot: asylum seekers have taken part in skills surveys, educations and employment and entrepreneur paths.OP Helsinki Manager Ari Loukkola and HOK-Elanto HR Manager Satu Vennala told that good knowledge of the Finnish language is not a necessity in all jobs. Without knowledge of the Finnish language, it is possible to work, for example, as a coder at OP and in kitchen work at HOK-Elanto restaurants.Ilkka Haahtela, Head of the City's Immigrant and Employment Services, told another good example from the Helsinki Skill Center for immigrants. When previously good language skills were emphasised before access to vocational education and the labour market, the Skill Center has turned the approach on its head.Immigrants often have both skills and a lot to contribute, even though they do not yet master the Finnish language. The language can be studied alongside the vocational studies or work. Thanks to the Skill Center, immigrants have been able to progress rapidly in their vocational studies and find employment much faster than before.Markku Lahtinen, Project Director at Helsinki Region Chamber of Commerce, spoke about International House Helsinki, which compiles numerous public authority services under one roof and offers guidance to foreigners who come to Helsinki to work. The service will be launched in the beginning of December.One Hel of an Impact Solutions to the questions of the day were sought in gamificated workshops and in a discussion and networking session.At the workshops, the participants took on the role of a job-seeking immigrant. A card defined the background information, according to which the participant had to build up a CV for the job search. In the second part of the game, the task was to find answers to questions about, for example, how to facilitate meetings between employers and employees and how to make it easier to come to terms with the Finnish culture.It did not take long before the reply cards were filled with a number of practical solutions. Those with the best solutions won the game. The things put down on the cards included know-how markets, cultural walks and joint ""get to know the departments"" tours.The discussion and networking events featured joint brainstorming with the Maria 01 startup people concerning, for instance, how the Hyv Helsinki social employment support network ought to be organised. The Shortcut non-profit entity, a sister company of Slush, participated in the brainstorming as well.The participants got to acquaint themselves with Helsinki Skill Center's Finnish language support teacher, the likeable Naomi robot. The one-and-a-half-hour session showed just how important the internationalisation of the labour market is deemed. The participants really threw themselves into the brainstorming.Director of Economic Development Marja-Leena Rinkineva summarised the day through Helsinki's brand attitude: One Hel of an Impact - together we take impactful action. The discussions and ideas of the day will be discussed with the Mayor and the work to solve the joint challenges of internationalisation will commence in even closer cooperation with the partners.Text: Kirsi RiipinenImages: Ilkka Ranta-aho"
28 November: Empirical light art installation brings the wartime generation in front of us 27 November: Lux Helsinki route leads festival-goers to the Kaartinkaupunki district from 6 to 10 JanuaryLux Helsinki challenges local residents, communities and companies to light up the darkest time of the year by creating their own light installations. The Lux Helsinki light festival, which takes place from 6 to 10 January 2018, will encourage everyone to get involved and experiment with light art. Mayor Jan Vapaavuori announced the Light Challenge at the Helsinki Christmas press conference that was held at City Hall today.Lux Helsinki is a unique event. Not only does it dominate Instagram and other social media more and more with each year, it also motivates people to go outside despite what could well be the most miserable weather of the year. What I would like to do now is extend Lux Helsinki to everyone by inviting you to take part in our Light Challenge using the hashtag #valohaaste, Vapaavuori announced.The Light Challenge promotes a community spirit by encouraging locals to design and implement their own light installations together with friends, family, work colleagues or fellow students. The light installations can be created in any way you like, for example out of materials you can find at home. Once your light installation has been created, you can participate in the challenge by sharing a photo, video or gif animation of your installation on social media using the hashtag #valohaaste.Real estate company and Lux Helsinki partner SATO kicked off the Light Challenge already last week by lighting up the windows of an apartment building in the Kallio district. The light installation highlights the joy of working together, as it was made possible through collaboration among tenants of the apartment building.We helped spread a little neighbourly love on Castrninkatu by means of illuminated messages. These small positive messages can reinforce the sense of community and belonging. We were so impressed that we have encouraged tenants of other apartment buildings to also take part in the Light Challenge. We expect to see new light installations in our properties throughout the city this winter, says Miia Eloranta, Marketing and Communications Director at SATO.The Light Challenge will continue until mid-January, when the three best installations will be awarded. Participating installations do not have to be large-scale projects for a chance to win instead, the most interesting and memorable images will be selected. For further information about the Light Challenge and inspiration for your own light installation, visit the Lux Helsinki Facebook page and the updated Lux Helsinki website as of 27 November 2017.In addition to SATO, others who are taking on the Light Challenge include Slush, which will be lighting up the city from Messukeskus to the centre, the Kustaankartano Comprehensive Service Centre, the caf Paulig Kulma, healthcare services provider Mehilinen and the radio station Bassoradio. Also in the spirit of the Light Challenge, major buildings including City Hall, the Presidential Palace, the historical buildings in Senate Square, Finlandia Hall, the Olympic Stadium Tower and the Helsinki Central Library Oodi will be illuminated in blue and white lights from 5 to 7 December 2017 to mark Finlands birthday. Enjoy the light  over 15 blue-white experiencesSocial media:
Helsinki climate expert Jari Viinanen explores the challenges and solutions for Helsinki to become carbon-neutral by 2035 in the English section of the Helsinki-info bulletins new edition. Viinanen states that Helsinkis biggest challenges lie in energy production but declares, We can be winners when we change our energy production system to be climate friendly.
Representing the City of Helsinki Environment Services, Viinanen is a member of the core group tasked to draw up a programme for meeting Helsinkis new climate goals. The new Helsinki City Strategy moves up the target year for carbon neutrality by 15 years and sets the interim goal of a 60% cut in greenhouse gas emissions from 1990 to 2030.Well need to adapt our lifestyle, Viinanen asserts but adds, The lifestyle changes arent so difficult that we couldnt cope with them.In its regular series on immigrant life in Helsinki, Helsinki-info introduces Dusan Jovanovic, a Slovenian independent artist and design entrepreneur, who has made Helsinki his home for three decades. He has found a meaningful life in Helsinki and enjoys several aspects of the city, which he calls a success story.The edition presents the University of Helsinkis new Think Corner, which pursues its mission to popularize academic research in a landmark space in a rebuilt building on the universitys city centre campus. Here scientists and scholars can explain to the public in popular terms what kind of top research is conducted at the University of Helsinki and in the academia elsewhere, says Think Corner programme manager Antti Asumaa, explaining that the new Think Corner is an unmatched showroom of learning. Think Corner is also a public lounge that keeps doors open to students, residents and visitors from morning to night seven days a week.Read the above articles at Helsinki-info (pdf) or on the website.
The Metro extension from Ruoholahti to Matinkylopened to passenger service on Saturday 18 November 2017. Passenger servicebegun on Saturday morning 18 November. The extension comprises eight stations, each distinguished by original design by Finnish architects. The Lauttasaari Metro station is marked by an artwork consisting of lights hanging from the ceiling. Lauttasaari and its sister station Koivusaari, both by Helin & Co Architects, are inspired by nature  by snow and ice in Lauttasaari, and by water and the sea in Koivusaari. The asymmetrical walls and ceiling of the Koivusaari station, which is under the sea, evoke an upturned boat and whales.The total number of stations in the Helsinki metropolitan Metro system is now 25. The system runs on one 35-kilometer (22-mile) east-to-west line through Helsinki and halfway through southern Espoo. The first section of the system opened in 1982. The planning and construction of a further extension of the Metro is underway in Espoo.Buy a mobile regional ticket for the price of an internal ticket. (The offer is valid from 18 November 4.30am to 3 December midnight.)Two Metro linesThe Metro will operate on two lines: Matinkyl-Vuosaari and Tapiola-Mellunmki. In the east, every other train goes to Vuosaari, every other to Mellunmki as at present. In Espoo, every other train will turn around at Tapiola and every other will continue to Matinkyl.On the shared section of line between Tapiola and Itkeskus, the Metro will run every 2.5 minutes. During the daytime Monday through Friday as well as on Saturdays, trains will run approximately every four minutes. On Sundays and at other times, trains will run every five minutes on the shared section of line.New bus routes for South Espoo and Lauttasaari from 3 January 2018There will be no other changes to HSL public transport services next Saturday when Metro services to Matinkyl start operating. Buses in Lauttasaari and Espoo will continue to run as at present until 2 January 2018. From 3 January 2018, buses running along Lnsivyl to Kamppi will be replaced by feeder services to Metro stations and completely new bus routes will be introduced in South Espoo. In Lauttasaari, all bus routes will either terminate at Lauttasaari Metro Station or run via the station. In addition, there will be changes to bus services in Lehtisaari, Kuusisaari and Kauniainen. From 3 January, regional buses from Kirkkonummi will terminate at Matinkyl bus terminal.-For about 1.5 months, the Metro and current bus routes will be operating to Matinkyl side by side. This gives passengers time to get used to the new transport link and allows us to ascertain its performance before introducing the new bus routes, says Suvi Rihtniemi.Read more: HSLFirst rush-hour for the Metro extensionTimetables for the new section of Metro line now availableGet ready for the opening day!
Helsinki Region Transport HSL is providing additional services on bus routes, the Metro and tram route 5 during the pre-Christmas party season, until 17 December. Additional bus services operate on Friday/Saturday and Saturday/Sunday nights from 17 November. Additional services are provided on Helsinki internal bus routes 20N, 39N, 43, 61N, 65, 67, 77N, 78N, 85N, 92N, 94N and 97N as well as on regional routes 132NT, 147N, 231N, 235N and 411.Additional bus servicesThe Metro runs two hours longer than usual on Friday and Saturday nights. Additional Metro services on the night of Fri 17 NovemberAdditional Metro services 18 Nov-17 DecTram route 5, which runs between Helsinki Central Railway Station and Katajanokka, has additional services on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. The tram runs to the Katajanokka terminal every 5-10 minutes at ship arrival and departures times.
The timetables for the new section of Metro line between Ruoholahti and Matinkyl are now available in the Journey Planner (only in the new Journey Planner, not Journey Planner Classic). The Metro starts running from Ruoholahti to Matinkyl on Saturday 18 November.In Lauttasaari and South Espoo, direct bus routes will be replaced by feeder services to Metro stations from 3 January 2018. The timetables for the feeder services will be available in the Journey Planner at the end of November/beginning of December. Journey Planner
  The Helsinki City Board approved on 13 November the implementation of a participation plan for 20182021 based on the City principles for participation and interaction. The City participation policies define the model for participation, participatory budgeting, resident and user juries, and online participation. The participation plan was prepared in cooperation with residents and various communities.In addition to resident participation, the City of Helsinkis participation plan includes extensive participation of associations, the business community and other stakeholders, as well as interaction with them, in the various stages of planning and decision-making.The components of participation and interaction will include local participation and city guides, who can help residents to promote initiatives and development proposals in their role as the local persons in charge in participation activities. The role of corporate guides is to promote business activities in their areas.A budget allocated to participatory budgeting should be used locally or for city-wide projects. Proposals for participatory budgeting projects can be made and voted on by all Helsinki residents aged 12 (who turn 12 in the year of making or voting on a proposal) and older.The participation plan also includes a plan for the development of volunteer activities in the city. The City also seeks to promote participation by opening City-owned public spaces for resident and community activities more extensively than before.In its meeting of 13 November, the City Board approved a 4.5-million-euro grant for the renovation of the Juho and Maria Lallukka artist home, to be used to renovate the studio, work spaces and communal spaces. The Finnish Government has granted a similar sum for the project.The City Board also granted 7.7 million euros to be used by the Urban Environment Committee to develop the City Hall blocks. The grant will be used for the renovation of a property at Sofiankatu 4, for new signage and faade lighting in the Tori Quarters, and for alterations in ground-level commercial spaces in the Tori Quarters.
The Port of Helsinkis West Terminal 2 won the interior lighting category of the Finnish Lighting Award 2017. Muurame church won the exterior lighting category. In addition, Kirkkosaari island and Kelanranta beach in Kuusamo received commendations.According to the competition jury, West Terminal 2 is a good example of the combination of architecture, functionality, and lighting. The design is based on a well-thought-out overall concept, which was carried out through positive cooperation between various design branches.The Port of Helsinkis West Terminal 2, opened in February 2017, was designed by Tuomas Silvennoinen and Pekka Mkel from PES-Arkkitehdit Oy. Sanna Forsman and Matti Syrjl from Granlund Oy were responsible for the lighting design.From the very start, the Port of Helsinki aimed for the building to represent both functionality and high level architecture. This was never compromised, and the fluency of the operations could be combined with architecture, creating a unique combination, in both design and implementation, says Ari Parviainen, who was in charge of the Port of Helsinkis West Terminal 2 project.Read more
The Finland 100 centenary year is unique in Finlands history, and all kinds of festivities in its honour are welcome. Work places, companies, and communities are encouraged to organise a blue and white coffee break for employees, customers, or friends on Independence Day Eve, Tuesday 5 December at 2 pm. If the afternoon coffee break doesnt fit your schedule, you can arrange the coffee break at any other time on that day. The shared moment matters the most.Lets dress up the 100-year-old with Finland 100 centenary flags and decorations before the birthday. On Independence Day Eve, Tuesday 5 December at 6 pm, the Finnish flag will be flown in every Finnish flagpole. The flagging continues overnight until Independence Day evening, Wednesday 6 December at 10 pm. The flag should be illuminated during the night.Municipalities and cities in Finland are encouraged to light up central and symbolic buildings and venues with blue and white light. Create a blue and white lighting also at work and at home. Blue and white lights will be lit on Independence Day Eve, Tuesday 5 December at 6 pm, and the lighting ends on Thursday morning, 7 December by 9 am.Take part together and watch the serve coffee, hoist the flag, illuminate video on the SuomiFinland100 Youtube channel.Let us know how you are going to participate by using the hashtags #onneasuomi, #suomi100 and #finland100.Read more
Helsinki is testing a new service whereby single tickets for journeys on the Helsinki region public transport system can be purchased from parking ticket machines operated with debit and credit cards. By the end of the year, single tickets can be purchased from 385 parking ticket machines.Its magnificent that the existing network of parking ticket machines can be utilized in this innovative manner. The new practice is also highly cost-efficient, says traffic warden Kaija Kossila of Helsinki Parking Control.The new practice thus makes the high number of parking ticket machines in place in the city and operating 24 hours to serve HSL customers.By the end of the year, well have 385 new ticket sales points, as the service is extended to all parking ticket machines accepting debit and credit cards. As a result, itll be easier for car users to continue their journey on public transport, when they can buy both a parking ticket and a public transport ticket at the same time, says sales manager Matias Sarkkinen of Helsinki Region Transport HSL.HSL single ticket sales have been tested since Friday, 3 November on 10 parking ticket machines in Pasila, Alppiharju and Tl, and the test will continue for another week. The machines are marked with an HSL sticker with instructions. As ticket sales expand, all machines involved will be marked with permanent stickers.Parking ticket machines that only accept coins will not be selling public transport tickets for technical reasons.Read more:
the map (Note! HSL public transport tickets can only be purchased from machines that accept debit and credit cards.)
Nature conservation, art and urban culture combine in the HejHylje! campaign, which has delighted Helsinki residents and visitors since the spring of 2017. The campaign consists of 40 seal statues, each of them painted differently by Finnish artists. The seals highlight the importance of protecting the Baltic Sea.The HejHylje! (Hello, Seal!) campaign forms a part of the Finland 100 programme celebrating the centenary of Finnish independence. As the centenary year is nearing the end, the HejHylje! statues move on with new owners.One of the HejHylje! seals has been donated to the Kustaankartano comprehensive service centre. The service centres seal was painted by 11- to -14-year-old students of the Helsinki visual art school Helsingin
kuvataidekoulu, and it states well why the Baltic Sea needs protection. The seal has two sides, a polluted one and an unpolluted oneThe polluted side of the seal has dead fish and waste in it, while fish on the unpolluted side swim happily. The polluted side is smaller, but it can spread unless we take good care of the sea, the young artists explain. 
The seal presented to Kustaankartano found its new home through the City of Helsinki. The City is one of the projects main partners. Tuulikki
Becker of Helsinki Marketing represented the City at the presentation event. 
This likeable seal will bring joy both to the Kustaankartano residents and to the staff, says the main campaign coordinator Mari Tauler.An important goal of the HejHylje! campaign is to collect funds for the Baltic Sea Action Group. For this purpose, the campaign seeks to find a patron for each seal.The Baltic Sea is one of the most polluted seas in the world. However, much can be done to improve the state of the sea. By acquiring a HejHylje! statue, enterprises can support nature conservation in an excellent manner and support Finnish art at the same time, Tauler says and continues, If a two-metre-high statue doesnt fit at the doorway of your office, you can pass it on  just as the City of Helsinki did.
The HejHylje! campaign was joined by many well-known Finnish artists including Katja Tukiainen,Kasper Strmman,Ville AnderssonandTeemu Keisteri. The seal statue was designed by Stefan Lindfors.The seals were received very favourably by the audience in Helsinki. Thousands of people hugged them and took pictures throughout the summer and autumn. Now each statue should find a corporate patron, who can thus make their contribution for the good of the Baltic Sea, Tauler says.
Notice: If you didn't have your vaccination during 610 of November, please make an appointment via the online system or by calling the health station. The autumns seasonal influenza vaccinations 610 November will be centralised to four different vaccination points. The vaccination points areVaccinations are free of charge and will be given on Monday,
Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday 8:30am6pm and on Friday 8:30am3pm.At vaccination points, vaccinations will be mainly given to the people who are at risk due to an illness (all age groups), over 65-year-olds, family and friends of people vulnerable to severe cases of influenza as well as both male and female conscripts.
At the maternity and child health clinics, pregnant mothers and children aged between 6 to 35 months will be vaccinated against seasonal influenza in connection with clinic appointments.
Open maternity and child health clinics offer vaccinations to clinic patients without appointment on weekdays 617 November 8:30am10:30am and on 8 and 15 November also between 4pm and 6pm.Open
maternity and child health clinic receptions:Why is the influenza vaccination recommended?Influenza is a respiratory infection that may cause serious sequelaes and lead to hospitalisation. The most effective method against the disease is an influenza vaccination. By taking the vaccination, you can also protect those around you. The Chief Physician of the Citys epidemiologic operations, Hannele Kotilainen, recommends taking the influenza vaccination annually. Who
should take the vaccination in particular? Who are included in the risk groups?The influenza vaccination protects, above all, people who suffer from chronic diseases, such as diabetes, heart disease, lung disease, chronic liver or kidney disease, or chronic neurological diseases, as well as cancer patients. The vaccination also offers protection to seniors (over 65-year-old people) and patients that are given treatment that weakens their resistance to diseases. Influenza can cause pneumonia, requiring serious hospital treatment, in these groups. These risk groups are protected more effectively by also giving the vaccination to the people close to them. Additionally, the vaccination is recommended to pregnant women (which also gives an indirect protection to the new-born child), under 3-year-old children (635 months) and conscripts. If there is a new-born baby in the family, for example, also those close to the child, such as family members, are given the influenza vaccination free of charge. The new Communicable Diseases Act requires nursing staff to take the influenza vaccination. The vaccination protects healthy people well. In the group of healthy, working age people, the vaccination will prevent 5 to 8 influenza cases out of 10, says Hannele Kotilainen. Further information on vaccinations in Helsinki will be available on our website starting from 13 October 4 pm on page influenssarokotus.hel.fi and from Health guidance services, tel. 09 310 10023 (24 h). Information
about the vaccine is available on the website of the National Institute for Health and Welfare www.thl.fi. School children can have their influenza vaccination at vaccination points or at school health care. Parents should make an appointment with the school health nurse.
Students can be vaccinated at vaccination points or at the educational institutions health care. The institutions will inform about their vaccination dates and practices.  This article has been revised 12 Oct with information about what to do if one can't have the vaccination during 6-10 November.This article has been revised 11 Oct with information of time when the vaccination webpage will be published.This article has been updatet 6 Nov.
The collection point of Kruunuvuorenranta districts automatic waste collection system has won the Concrete Facade of the Year 2017 award. The building was designed by an architectural firm Arkkitehtuuritoimisto B & M Oy. The competition was held by Betoniteollisuus ry, the Finnish pre-cast concrete association. According to the jury, the awarded work combined architectural design and an innovative, three-dimensional facade solution in a notable manner. The jury considers the collection point to be an excellent example of the use of concrete, where the statuesque facade and rich colours enhance the potential of the construction material. The buildings facade has been antiquated by using an Umbra patina colouring method developed by Pertti Kukkonen. It gives the concrete a rusty red colour. The building also features a green roof, as there is a view to the building from many taller buildings.Lichen inspires
the facades According to the collection points head designer, architect Timo Kiukkola, the purpose was to build an element that brought cohesion to the area, as the plot reserved for the collection point was on a steep cliff, the surface of which had been cracked open extensively in connection to excavating the opening of an old rock cave. The inspiration for the buildings closed facades with their three-dimensional surfaces was the continuous, ever-changing lichen patterns growing on the rocks, Kiukkola says. The objectives of the design process were a spatial solution, where there would be as little need for further rock excavations as possible, and an arrangement where the buildings and the surrounding walls would hide all technical aspects of operations without the need for additional structures. The architectural award of the collection point is also significant to the City of Helsinki. High-quality, interesting architecture creates comfort, which is something that the City aims to achieve when planning new city districts. Its wonderful that Kruunuvuorenranta features awarded, innovative architecture, says Pirjo Siren, the Project Manager of the Kruunuvuorenranta regional construction project. The bravery to apply new solutions exhibited by the various City bodies, architects, designers, the developer, the constructor and the manufacturers promoted the implementation of this project. The collection
point is a part of the automatic waste collection solutionAt Kruunuvuorenranta, the household waste management is done via the automatic waste collection solution Rode, which carries the waste to the collection point through a suction pipeline. The collection point was completed in 2016, and its total price came to about EUR3.2 million. The collection points developer was Kruunuvuorenrannan Jtteen Putkikerys Oy, constructor Rakennuspartio Oy and facade subcontractors were Parma Oy, Betonipallas Oy and Asennuspojat LK Oy.Background of
the competitionThe purpose of the architectural competition organised by Betoniteollisuus ry, now held for the sixth time, is to promote well-done concrete facades and their designers. The competition is held every second year. The jury of the competition included SAFA architects Markku Puumala (chair), Henna Helander and Maritta Koivisto. 
The goal of the Future City Challenge 2018 competition is to find new innovative solutions and applications to simplify the everyday life of the citizens. The competition is aimed at companies, start-ups and students who are interested in solving city challenges. The best solvers in the competition win awards that enable a flying start to new business models. The registration for the competition starts on 1 November 2017 and the entry must be submitted no later than 31 January 2018. The open Helsinki Loves Developers event was arranged on November 2 at the information and exhibition space Laituri (Narinkka 2, Kamppi). At the event it was possible to obtain advance information on the upcoming Challenge. The Kick Off event for the challenge will be arranged on 22 November from 9 a.m. to 12 noon at Startup Sauna's Urban Mill (Betonimiehenkuja 3 E, Espoo).Helsinki's vision is to be the most functional city in the world. In the Future City Challenge 2018 competition, the City looks for solutions to challenges concerning future services and the development of the urban environment, as well as the challenges relating to a forward-looking everyday life. In terms of the challenge concerning services and the urban environment, the following questions are at the core: How can the designing of services be supported and developed to better meet the needs of the citizens and other interest groups? How to collect data from the urban environment, which supports the service design-related decision-making. How to utilise and illustrate the collected data in combination with the open data models and spatial data that describe the City. In terms of the challenge relating to a forward-looking everyday life, things to be considered are: How to make everyday transport more fluent and safe. How to encourage and make the citizens exercise and improve their well-being. How to develop the comfort, cleanliness and accessibility of the environment. How to increase the environmental awareness and ability to make economically sound and environmentally friendly choices in everyday life. Helsinki encourages the competitors to develop solutions that may also contain commercial potential. In the solving of the challenges, the participants are encouraged to utilise Helsinki's open data and interfaces, which have been described in the www.hri.fi service. The competition is arranged by IBM, Digita and Etteplan and the challenges are offered by the cities of Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa, Oulu, Jyvskyl and Tampere. Further informationFuture City Challenge Social media#FutureCityFi
"The guidance and public authority services essential to the integration of immigrants into the labour market are compiled under the same umbrella at International House Helsinki (IHH). In addition to private customers, IHH assists companies and employers with issues related to foreign labour force and the recruitment of it. The service starts in December 2017 in premises provided by the Local Register Office of Uusimaa on Albertinkatu in Helsinki.IHH offers its services to all international residents who have recently moved to the metropolitan area. The area of operation for the employer service is the entire Uusimaa region.The main target group for IHH's customer service includes foreign-born persons who have migrated to the area for work or entrepreneurial purposes and persons who possess the abilities to secure employment on the open labour market without comprehensive support measures.""The Helsinki region wants to be increasingly international. This requires services such as the International House Helsinki model, by which we make the transition of incoming international residents into the society and the labour market more fluent. At the same time we offer help and information to employers on questions relating to foreign labour force"", says City of Helsinki Director of Economic Development Marja-Leena Rinkineva of the goals set for the project.The operations are undertaken to secure the availability of labour force and the functionality of the labour market, as well as to make Finland and the metropolitan area an increasingly attractive destination to skilled international labour. ""The competition for skilled labour and international investments is getting tougher all the time. Fluent and fast immigration and settlement services for the labour force are an important factor in increasing the attractiveness of the Helsinki region. International House Helsinki is a significant step in helping companies attract to Finland the skilled professional labour that they need"", emphasises Markku Lahtinen, Project Manager of the COME project at the Helsinki Region Chamber of Commerce.he duration of the pilot phase, which starts in December in the premises provided by the Local Register Office of Uusimaa, is six months, but the operations can continue in the same premises at least until the end of 2018. ""International House Helsinki offers a platform for developing new operational models, which can then be copied to other places in Finland as well. The fact that the pilot project can be started even before year-end tells of the strong commitment shown by our collaborators. We are especially happy about the initiative taken by the Local Register Office of Uusimaa in providing the premises"", says Project Manager Elina Nurmi with gratitude.The service pilot project is coordinated by the City of Helsinki and it includes services by Citys immigrant information service, the Local Register Office of Uusimaa, the Tax administration's and Kela's In To Finland service, the Uusimaa Employment and Economic Development Office, the Helsinki Region Chamber of Commerce and the Finnish Centre for Pensions. Later, the service offerings will be expanded to include services by other operators as well, such as the Finnish Immigration Service, the police and the SAK's employee rights advisory service for immigrants.International House Helsinki is the first service in Finland to offer a majority of the information and public authority services needed by newly arrived international residents under the same umbrella. In the future, the customer needs to make only one visit to, for example, get the population register entries, a tax deduction card or a tax number, an ID or a Kela card or to receive guidance on how to register as a job-seeker. Similar service models have been used in, among others, Copenhagen since 2013 and Lisbon since 2004, and the experiences from those have been good.To support the operations of the service center and to reduce the number of unnecessary visits, there will also be a web service, which helps the customer with finding the right public authorities and states, for example, which documents should be brought along at the visit. The web service will be in test use in December, when the IHH operations start. Information concerning the opening day and opening hours of the International House Helsinki service will be published later. The development of the International House Helsinki service is part of the regional At Work in Finland project, whose partners also include the Cities of Espoo and Vantaa, the Uusimaa Employment and Economic Development Office, SAK and Moniheli ry. The project is co-funded by the European Social Fund and the Helsinki-Uusimaa Regional Council."
Sanna-Mari Jntti is Director, Strategic Projects, of the City of Helsinki as of 1 November. Jnttis office is part of the Helsinki City Executive Office and reports to the City Manager. Jntti previously served Miltton Oy as a director and senior advisor.The duties of the Director of Strategic Projects are related to the implementation of the Helsinki City Strategy and especially to the strategic goal to develop Helsinki further as a versatile and internationally attractive city of culture, sports and events. Jntti serves as a liaison in the development of cultural megaprojects and mega events, supporting the Mayor and City Manager. She participates in the related international and national stakeholder activities, promotion of Helsinkis interests and coordination of the activities of various Helsinki City Group sections. 
Jntti is also responsible for coordinating a number of major projects, including an investigation of the development of the Suvilahti area into a permanent arena for events. Jnttis responsibilities include managing the work of a megaprojects working group chaired by the Mayor.Helsinki creates conditions for the emergence of dynamic projects and events, and the city expedites the progress of feasible megaprojects. The Helsinki Director of Strategic Projects plays a crucial role in the development and execution of ideas that boost the attractiveness of the city.Contact information:Sanna-Mari Jntti Director, Strategic Projects Tel. +35 400 536 581sanna.mari.jantti(at)hel.fi
Health stations are closed on Saturday 4 November. Health stations are open MonFri 816.
24 h Telephone Health Service, Tel. 09 310 10023Information is provided about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call. Emergency
Social Services and Crisis emergency support 24/7Emergency Social Services and Crisis emergency support serve 24/7 also during All Saints Day. Emergency Social Services tel. 020696 006 and Crisis emergency support tel. 09310 44222. On All Saints Day, 4 November, a Sunday service will operate on all Helsinki region transport services. On the night of Saturday/Sunday, an extended weekend service will operate, i.e. the night services will operate as usual on Saturdays.Main event is on 4th of November, some program is running already on 3rd. Come and indulge in the dreads of history. Explore the dark side and closed parts of the Suomenlinna fortress. 
The City of Helsinki is coordinating a three-year international project that aims to improve the management of industrial wastewater in municipal treatment plants in five countries around the Baltic Sea. Other partners in the project include waterworks, cities, universities and organisations with related expertise, such as the Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority (HSY) and the John Nurminen Foundation from Finland. The project has been made a flagship project for the EUs Strategy for the Baltic Sea Region. The BEST project (Better Efficiency for Industrial Sewage Treatment) particularly aims to enhance collaboration between municipalities, industry and waterworks, and to promote best practices in the management of industrial wastewater, with the help of the projects 16 partner organisations. The effective collaboration already realised in the Helsinki region will be used as one example of good practice. Many trials will be run at waterworks and food industry facilities to test ways to improve process management and curb load peaks at municipal treatment plants. A survey of the present state of industrial wastewater treatment around the Baltic Sea region will also be conducted, with recommendations then issued for process improvements where industrial wastewater ends up in municipal treatment plants. For Helsinki the BEST project represents a major international cooperation project that will help meet the urgent need to improve the joint efforts of industry, waterworks and municipalities to reduce pollution loads entering the Baltic Sea, says Jan Vapaavuori, the Mayor of Helsinki.Its flagship status signifies right from the start that the BEST project will help to realise strategic objectives set for the whole Baltic Sea Region. The project will involve close cooperation between partners of the project consortium and other bodies including waterworks associations, industrial organisations, ministries and the Baltic Marine Environment Protection Commission HELCOM, adds Vapaavuori.
Municipal wastewater treatment plants are primarily designed to treat wastewater from homes by removing organic material, phosphorus and nitrogen during various process phases. These treatment processes can easily be disrupted if plants have to cope with large quantities of industrial wastewater, especially if it contains harmful or toxic substances. Otherwise harmless effluent from food processing facilities may also disrupt municipal wastewater treatment plants if large amounts of materials such as dairy products are suddenly released into sewage systems. Such disturbances can seriously affect the purity of treated wastewater and the quality of residual wastewater sludge. The consequent risk of releases of inadequately treated industrial wastewater and sewage endangers recipient water bodies. The BEST project will run from 1.10.2017 to 30.9.2020, with the City of Helsinki Environment Services as its main partner, working with 15 other partner organisations from Latvia, Poland, Finland, Russia and Estonia. The projects total budget is 3.6 million euros, including 2.9 million euros of funding provided through the EUs Interreg Baltic Sea Region Programme. For more
    The Helsinki City Board has appointed two new committees for the current City Board term: the Non-discrimination Committee and the Equality Committee. The chair of the Non-discrimination Committee is Maria Loima (Social Democratic Party) and vice chair is Katja
Mannerstrm (Greens). The chair of the Equality Committee is Alviina
Alamets (Greens) and vice chair is Roby Mountrakis (Social Democratic Party). Both committees have seven members and an equal number of alternates.
    The Helsinki City Board has appointed two new committees for the current City Board term: the Non-discrimination Committee and the Equality Committee. The chair of the Non-discrimination Committee is Maria Loima (Social Democratic Party) and vice chair is Katja
Mannerstrm (Greens). The chair of the Equality Committee is Alviina
Alamets (Greens) and vice chair is Roby Mountrakis (Social Democratic Party). Both committees have seven members and an equal number of alternates.Revisions to the Non-discrimination Act requires municipalities systematically to promote non-discrimination. The non-discrimination policies of the City of Helsinki services were approved by the City Board on 3 April 2017. City divisions are responsible for pursuing and promoting non-discrimination goals. In accordance with a proposal by City Board Member Veronika
Honkasalo, the City Board approved the following as the committees tasks:In accordance with a proposal by City Board Member Maria
Ohisalo, the City Board approved the following as the tasks of the Equality Committee:
The Act on Equality between Women and Men stipulates that municipalities systematically promote gender equality in all their operations. One of the premises of the Equality Committees mission is the European Charter of Gender Equality of Men and Women in Local Life drawn up by the Council of European Municipalities and Regions (CEMR). Helsinki signed the charter in 2007. The planning requirement included in the Act on Equality between Women and Men and the charter were used to draw up a plan for the promotion of gender equality in the City of Helsinki services in 20132016 (extended through 20172018). Since 2015 the Act on Equality between Women and Men has sought to prevent discrimination based on gender identity and the expression of gender.The proposals concerning the committees were based on a review of committees, advisory boards and participation bodies conducted in conjunction with the City governance reform.The City Board noted investigations of the requests that the City Council approved in the autumn of 2016 in conjunction with the City Plan proceedings. These investigations inform the makers of the requests and other councillors what actions have been taken on account of the requests. Of the 25 requests on the agenda, 5 were postponed to the next City Board meeting.
Light festival wins Helsinki Travel Award and will light up the city again from 610 January 2018.The Helsinki Tourism Foundation announced yesterday that Lux Helsinki has won the Helsinki Travel Award, which is presented annually in October to distinguished parties or events that have had a positive impact on the tourism industry, its reputation or customer satisfaction. The Helsinki Tourism Foundation praised the light festival for its innovative artistic implementation: As an annual light festival that takes place among the streets, market squares and buildings of the city each January, Lux Helsinki brightens up the city during the darkest days of the year and livens up the winter in breathtaking fashion through its innovative artistic implementation that attracts over half a million visits.The Helsinki Travel Award is important recognition for Lux Helsinki, which began ten years ago. Each year we strive to make Lux Helsinki an even better festival for both locals and visitors. We have received a lot of requests to extend the festival, so we will use the prize money to present some of the light installations for the first time during one of the mornings for everyone to enjoy, says Saila Machere, head of the City Marketing Unit at the City of HelsinkiThe relationship between the built environment and light has always been at the heart of the festival, and in January 2018 this will be crystallised in the installation Times Role by Janne Ahola. The installation is inspired by the over 100-year history of the building that now houses the Museum of Finnish Architecture and its changing roles over the years. The music and sound design for the installation have been created by Aki Pivrinne.Ahola uses projection mapping technology for his installation, which is particularly suitable for his architectural theme. Projecting mapping involves the interplay of light and architecture it is a visual presentation method that creates a unique identity for the object onto which the video is projected. Times Role, which describes the journey of the creative spark, aims in this way to break down the physical boundaries of perspective.The 10th annual Lux Helsinki light festival takes place from 6 to 10 January 2018. The tradition of light festivals and their related expertise are indeed thriving in Helsinki. The popularity of the event has grown significantly in recent years. As a form of expression, light addresses everyone and is timeless: it is a strong, primal force that is at home also in todays state-of-the-art technologies and startup culture.Lux Helsinki has established its place as one of the most highly anticipated winter traditions among locals, bringing people of all ages together to enjoy art in any weather. It is a surprising, exciting and effective festival that fits the size and appearance of Helsinki. In the future we aim to further enhance the festival through cooperation with top artists from Finland and abroad, Machere says.The Lux Helsinki light festival is organised by the City of Helsinki. The artistic directors of the festival are Ilkka Paloniemi and Matti Jykyl.Lux Helsinki 610 January 2018This event is free of chargeSocial mediaFacebookTwitterInstagram#luxhelsinki
The competition jury says that the winning photo of three women is an authentic and spontaneous modern-time selfie with a nice atmosphere. The strength of friendship lies in doing things with your friends and spending time together. The photo also avoids the clichd arrangement of two friends. The layout of the photo is topped off with the colours that are repeated in the womens scarves and hair and the complementary colour of summertime nature.The photo was taken on World Refugee Day, 20 June 2017, in Bokvillan, where we all were working serving Syrian treats. My good friends Yasmin and Reemin are from Aleppo, Syria, says Pivi Ceesay, who entered the photo in the competition.Commendations were given to the photos of a small Syrian boy with a Finnish man and friends enjoying tea together.The photograph competition highlighted the friendships between people born in Finland and those with an immigrant background and the importance of making new friends.The 100 Photos of Friendship photography competition was open for entries in the social media between 20 May and 8 October 2017 with the hashtags #100kuvaaystvyydest and #100friendsfinland. The winner was announced on 26 October 2017 at Helsinki City Hall. The competition was organised by the City of Helsinki Participation and Citizen Information Unit and it was part of the 2017 Centenary of Finlands Independence programme.Further information:Jaana RytknenCommunications OfficerCity of HelsinkiInfopankki.fijaana.rytkonen(at)hel.fi040 336 0790
The City of Helsinki Innovation Fund now accepts grant applications all year round. Until today applications have only been accepted in August. Grant applications can be made for projects that strengthen Helsinkis expertise and economic base.
The Innovation Fund has financed more than 100 projects to date. Current grant recipients include the RobobusLine Helsinki project of Metropolia University of Applied Sciences, which has used the funding to purchase an autonomous, driverless electric minibus to be operated in regular public transport service over three years starting in the spring of 2018.Another major recipient of funding is Health Capital Helsinki, a project that aims to make Helsinki the best place in the Nordic countries to conduct research & development and business in the fields of health care, medicine and life sciences.Other ongoing projects receiving funding focus on digital skills, the internationalization of startups and technologies for elderly care.The main criterion for funding from here on will be the creation of new expertise and economic base in Helsinki. Projects will also be evaluated by their merits in terms of supporting the Helsinki City Strategy 20172021.Priority will also be given to projects that advance the development of Helsinkis corporate ecosystem and the creation of testing platforms on a broad basis. These emphases will channel the funds to benefit the Helsinki economic base as widely as possible.A grant applicant should be a City of Helsinki division or subsidiary, and it can also be an organization outside the Helsinki City Group such as a university, corporation and a registered society. Outside organizations should partner with some division or the central administration of the City.In recent years the Innovation Fund has supported projects with a total of approximately 3 million euros annually. Grants have varied from tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of euros per year for a single project.The City Boards Economic Development Sub-committee regularly evaluates grant applications four times a year, but the Sub-committee can make exceptions and review applications for major projects outside the regular evaluation rounds.
In autumn 2018, HAM will presents Finlands first-ever exhibition featuring the world-famous British artist-duo Gilbert & George. Sometimes called a living sculpture, the two artists not only pose as models in their photographic works, their deliberate mannered style and public appearances are a performance unto themselves. Gilbert & George not only make art, theyareart. Another major exhibition in 2018,Graffiti, explores the historical roots of graffiti and its present manifestations, with particular focus on the connection of Helsinki graffiti culture to the international field.The year will also include several shows produced with works from the museums collections, featuring such well-known names as Ulla Jokisalo, Jussi Kivi and Tove Jansson. HAM Gallery and HAM Corner continue to present topical contemporary art. Read moreHAM
  The City of Helsinki is collecting data on the areas and places that residents would like to see included in the potential National Urban Park of Helsinki. The online survey is open to all and will remain available until 17 December 2017.The survey can be found at https://app.maptionnaire.com/en/3173.Where
are the best places in Helsinki located?The online survey is part of the City of Helsinkis investigations into the possibility of establishing a National Urban Park in Helsinki. With the survey, the City is hoping to locate the most refreshing and the most beautiful places in the city as well as the places that best exemplify Helsinki. What kind of stories could these places tell the current and future residents of and visitors to Helsinki?The survey also allows respondents to mark routes and places on a map that should be developed or that show potential. The City is hoping to hear citizens views on both natural and cultural environments, as well as about potential opportunities and concerns related to the establishment of a National Urban Park.
The concept of the National Urban Park is defined in the Land Use and Building Act. The purpose of a National Urban Park is to preserve urban Finnish nature and built cultural environments so that they form a comprehensive, integrated whole. At the same time, a National Urban Park expresses a citys will in regard to valuable places that should be preserved and developed for future generations as the city is built and redeveloped.The establishment of a National Urban Park can only be applied for by the City of Helsinki itself. The decision on the potential initiation of the application process will be made once the necessary investigations have been conducted. So far, the Ministry of the Environment has granted the status of National Urban Park to eight cities: Forssa, Hanko, Heinola, Hmeenlinna, Kotka, Pori, Porvoo and Turku.Data
Upon the completion of the online survey, the responses will be published as open data on the Helsinki region infoshare website. This way anyone interested in the topic will be able to analyse the data and draw conclusions about it. The data will also be free to utilise in other projects and studies.The City of Helsinki is piloting its new participation and interaction model as part of the National Urban Park investigations. In addition to the online survey, the pilot project has launched interest group workshops, with other forms of participation to be developed as the project continues.The Citys cooperation partners in the investigations include the Kansallinen kaupunkipuisto Helsinkiin! movement.Read moreMapsurveyMore information is available on the City ofHelsinkis website (in Finnish)Ministry of the Environment: National Urban Parks (in Finnish)
The prices of HSL mobile tickets will be cut by up to 25 per cent at the beginning of 2018. The separate night fare will be discontinued. Prices of other tickets will remain unchanged.The prices of city internal mobile tickets will fall by nearly 25 per cent at the beginning of 2018 from 2.90 euros to 2.20 euros. The price of two-zone regional mobile tickets will fall from 5 euros to 4.20 euros. After the price cut, mobile single tickets will cost the same as Travel Card value tickets.HSL will also introduce mobile season tickets, which will cost the same as Travel Card season tickets.Mobile sales have increased substantially. This year mobile ticket sales amount to almost 30 million euros. Next year, mobiles sales will amount to almost 70 million euros and if the current trend continues, mobile will be our most important sales channel by 2020. The easy-to-use mobile tickets have also attracted new users to public transport. Over 500,000 people have the HSL mobile ticket app on their phones.In addition to adult season tickets, HSL will next year introduce child season tickets, annual passes and student tickets.The HSL Executive Board decided to keep the prices of other tickets, i.e. season tickets, Travel Card value tickets and single tickets, unchanged. During this and previous years, the use of public transport has increased more than anticipated. The increase has shown both in passenger numbers and ticket revenue. Thanks to the positive trend and surplus generated we are now able to keep the ticket prices unchanged and even cut the prices of mobile tickets, says HSL Executive Director Suvi Rihtniemi.The separate night fare charged between 2am and 4.30am will be discontinued. As atypical working hours have become more prevalent, it is not justifiable that people traveling very late at night or early in the morning have to pay more for their journeys than others. The night fare is not a significant source of ticket income for HSL because most passengers have season tickets. The discontinuation of the night fare simplifies the array of tickets.HSL proposes an increase for the penalty fare from 80 euros to 100 euros. The fare has remained unchanged since 2007. The amount of the penalty fare is fixed by the Ministry of Transport and Communications.The prices decided for 2018 will be valid until the new zone model is introduced, according to current estimates in summer 2018. The Executive Board will decide the prices of the new zone model in spring 2018.Read moreHSL
  Water services prices in the municipalities served by Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority HSY will go up by approximately one percent as of 1 January 2018. The increase will affect the basic fee, supply and wastewater rates and network connection fees.Water supply and wastewater rates will go up by three cents per cubic metre  from the current 3.12 to 3.15 euros  which translates into an approximately 11-cent monthly increase for an average single-family home.Water management fees will remain unchanged. The mutual shares of the fees and usage rates will continue to steer consumers to reduce their water use.Waste management fees for properties will also remain unchanged.The price increase will cover investments to secure supply and wastewater treatment. The investments include the construction of a wastewater treatment plant in Blominmki and improvements in the network.Were working constantly to improve productivity, and despite our large investments, our water prices in the Helsinki metropolitan area remain below those in other large cities and markedly below the national average, says HSY CEO Raimo Inkinen.Read more:
The pocket-size brochure Facts about Helsinki is now available in Chinese as well. The brochure presents key facts and figures on population, geography and environment, housing and construction, health care, education, traffic and transport, trade, tourism and administration in the Finnish capital.Some of the tables and diagrams in this 24-page folded leaflet also present comparative data on the entire Helsinki Region and on Finland as a whole. Over the years, the Facts about Helsinki brochure has been printed in a total of eight languages, namely Finnish, Swedish and English (most recently in 2017), German, French and Russian (2016), Japanese (2009), and Chinese (2012).Inquiries:Statistics and Information Services Manager Ari Jaakola, +358 9 310 43608, ari jaakola@hel.fi Publication: 2017, pdf publication.Pocket statistics 2017 in English, pdf publication.
The number of international cruise ship passengers rose to an all-time record this year totalling 478,000 foreign passengers. In 2016, the number was 409,000, while the previous record was 436,500 in 2015.The largest groups this year came from North America (26%), Germany (25%), the United Kingdom (just under 10%), Canada (almost 6%), and Spain (a little under 5%).This is quite a positive development, says Eeva Hietanen, Communications Manager at the Port of Helsinki. At the moment, it looks like 2018 will also be a busy cruise year.A new cruise ship quay in Hernesaari will be completed towards the end of 2018, and it is intended to be used in the 2019 season.There were a total of 266 cruise ship visits, which is not by any means a new record, but it does show that the sizes and passenger capacities of ships are increasing.Read more:Port of Helsinki
The first wood pellets were ignited this week at Helens new pellet-fired heating plant in the Salmisaari district of Helsinki. The plant will soon generate renewable district heat to customers in Helsinki. The pellet-fired heating plant is a significant project to increase renewable energy in Helens energy production. Over the next few months, the pellet-fired heating plant will be in trial use, testing, e.g. various output levels, boiler start-up, cleanliness of pellet combustion, and the safe operation of the plant. Before burning, pellets are ground into dust, which is transported by blowers into the boiler for burning. All this also requires testing.Round-the-clock heat production with pellets will start in November. Even during the trial run, the plant will produce substantial amounts of renewable district heat for Helsinki residents.Read more:Helen
  The Jtksaari district of Helsinki will have a sports park, according to a Helsinki City Council approval of 11 October for the proposed project plan. The sports park will improve the sports and recreational opportunities of Jtksaari residents and serve as a sports ground for local schools. The northern sections of the park can also be used by schools for their recess activities.The five-hectare park will have two full-sized football fields with locker rooms and maintenance facilities. One of the fields can be turned into an ice rink in winter. In addition to these fields, the park plan includes an area for versatile physical activities with a grassy area for ball games, smaller sports fields and a skateboarding site. The plan for the sports park addresses the fact that the southern inner city of Helsinki has enjoyed fewer sports services than the rest of Helsinki.Preconstruction will begin in the spring of 2018. The first phase of the park is scheduled for completion in two years time, that is, in the autumn of 2019.The sports park project is included in the sports facility construction project 20172026 approved by the City Council in 2016. The budget for the implementation of the first phase in 20192023 is 7.8 million euros. The project plan now approved by the City Council also includes the second phase, and the total funding for the 13-million-euro project will be included in the 10-year investment programme outlined in the 2018 budget proposal.The sports park is implemented by the City of Helsinki Urban Environment Division, and it will be maintained by the sports services unit of the Culture and Leisure Division.Jtksaari
The construction of a temporary facility for the Hakaniemi Market Hall is well underway, and the contractor has stayed on schedule. Hakaniemi Market vendors will continue to serve their customers as before both on the Hakaniemi Market Square and in the Market Hall until the beginning of 2018.The construction of the temporary Market Hall facility has proceeded to the interior space. The building technology is being installed, and the installation of a carpet in the vending area will begin soon. We were able to design all parts of the temporary facility well and in good time, so weve managed to avoid changes and delays, says the contractors representative Jussi
Rahkola.A renovation of the old Hakaniemi Market Hall building will begin in 2018, and indoor sales will continue throughout the renovation period in the temporary facility, which is located on the Hakaniemi Market Square. The hall vendors are keenly expecting the completion of the temporary facility and the upcoming move.Im very excited and eager for all vendors to move to the temporary facility. Ive worked in the Hakaniemi Market Hall for 15 years, and the change of environment will be refreshing. Many of the hall customers have praised the new glass facility and look forward to the opening, says a long-term Hakaniemi Market Hall vendor Ritva Myllymki.A six-month street art project entitled Hakis Come! was launched in September at the construction site of the temporary hall facility on the Hakaniemi Market Square. The site fence will be covered with new street artworks about once every month until February 2018. The artworks are produced by street and graffiti artists in collaboration with project partners, which comprise Kaupunkikulttuurien tuki ry  a society supporting urban culture  Helsinki street art office Supafly and the City of Helsinki Urban Environment Division.Our experiences and encounters at the Hakaniemi construction site fence have been highly positive, although the project is only in its first stages, says Aku Djedidiof Kaupunkikulttuurien tuki ry. This is a unique project for street artists, as were in a highly visible spot, theres a great deal of surface to cover, and we have plenty of audience. We try to use bright base paints and lively colours in our works. The goal of the street art project is to create a good general atmosphere in the Hakaniemi area.More on the subject:
In autumn, extra care should be taken near tram tracks as the fallen leaves make the tracks slippery and lengthen the braking distance of trams. Fallen leaves crushed under the tram wheels leave an oily residue on the surface of the tracks making tram wheels slip. Drivers, pedestrians and cyclists are advised to take this problem into consideration when moving about the town. Do not cross the street at the last minute if you see a tram coming.The slippery tracks also make it difficult for the trams to keep to the timetables. The situation is the most difficult in areas where trees grow right next to the tracks, for exa
  A new fast cycling route now serves Helsinki cyclists. The route runs along the main railway tracks. Called Pohjoisbaana in Finnish, the bikeway connects southern and northern cycling routes in Helsinki. It is a part of the network of bicycle superhighways, that is, bikeways with wide lanes and no or few stops, allowing for higher speeds and smoother rides than regular bikeways.Cycling is clearly the fastest method in Helsinki to move from one place to another on short distances. Its also healthy everyday physical activity. Helsinki works systematically to promote cycling, says Helsinki Deputy Mayor Anni Sinnemki.Sinnemki continues, The new northern bicycle superhighway between Pasila and Kpyl, a part of Helsinkis bicycle superhighway network, improves the everyday travel of many cyclists. The completion of this bicycle superhighway was one of the years most important cycling events in Helsinki. All the best to you, Northern Bicycle Superhighway!The main users of the northern bicycle superhighway are long-distance cyclists and local residents, says Niklas Aalto-Setl, a cycling coordinator at the City of Helsinki Urban Environment Division.A grand opening of the autumn cycling season especially targeting the main users of the northern bicycle superhighway was organized on 28 September in cooperation with Helsinki Cyclists. The event included a bicycle procession, a ribbon cutting ceremony, speeches and partners presentations at booths.The network of bicycle superhighways is under construction in Helsinki. Once complete, Helsinki will have 130 kilometres of bicycle superhighways connecting the main residential and workplace areas. To make cycling as smooth as possible, these bikeways are as straight and flat as possible. Rides are also facilitated by minimizing stops, with high-quality under- and overpasses, and with good intersection design. Special attention is paid to the lighting and winter maintenance of bicycle superhighways.The planning of the new bicycle superhighway, which is about 1.6 kilometres long, started in April 2015, and construction went underway in August 2016. The construction process was demanding for many reasons including restrictions caused by the adjacent railway tracks and nearby housing. The northern bicycle superhighway was opened to cyclists on 31 August 2017.Northernbicycle superhighway on map
  The Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra is premiering Sebastian Hillis latest work, Affekt on Friday the 22nd October. It will be conducted by our Chief Conductor Emeritus Leif Segerstam. Affekt was composed to mark the 100th anniversary of Helsingfors sng- och musikfrbund and will be performed by a choir of over a hundred singers together with the orchestra. The lyrics are by Mrten West and examine the emotional states caused by parting from the perspective of both parties, reflecting the feelings aroused by longing, separation and memories.The Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestrasconcert includes Taikovskis Storm and Francesca da RiminiTickets: 36.00-7.00  Read more:
  Team Karttis of the Finnish spatial data expert organization Karttakeskus took first prize in a hackathon that culminated the StreetReboot innovation challenge of 67 October. The Apuri  helper  app developed by Karttis recommends optimal routes for Helsinki winter maintenance crews. The app combines data on weather conditions, maintenance work and street maintenance categories.Apuri recommends a sequence for road and street maintenance work, but the final decision is always made by the driver of the vehicle. The app complies with the drivers decisions and makes new suggestions based on them. The app can also be applied to other operations than winter maintenance.The merits of Karttis that earned it first prize were user orientation and inclusion of human input. The team also invited other enterprises to develop the app further with them, says jury member Sami Aherva, who leads Staras logistics unit.The idea of the winning team will be developed further in a 20,000-euro pilot project in the Kalasatama district of Helsinki in the winter of 20172018.Two teams were awarded in the challenge with an honorary mention: the Medintrex team of the University of Oulu and the team of software company Twenty Hexagons.The teams shortlisted for the final of the challenge worked on raw data collected by the Stara fleet of work vehicles and machines from their completed tasks and routes travelled, both with the help of sensors installed on the fleet and with mobile apps used by drivers.In addition to boosting the fleets operation, the challenge served as a test lab for the release of the City of Helsinki datasets as open data and for a new type of cooperation between data professionals and the City. The ultimate goal is both to improve city services and to produce new business opportunities for enterprises.The highly successful StreetBooth hackathon was part of a bigger picture to develop Helsinki as a smart city. There will soon be a follow-up: a sequel to the innovation challenge entitled StreetReboot 2 will be held in conjunction with Hackjunction to be held on the Otaniemi campus of Aalto University 2426 November 2017. This is Europes largest meeting of its kind, expected to gather together more than 1,300 coders from all over Europe.Stara, the City of Helsinki construction and maintenance company, joins Hackjuntion with a challenge workshop. Stara will provide the workshop with data related to summer-time park and street maintenance. The best two teams will be awarded. Find Staras StreetReboot 2 challenge on the Hackjunction website.The first StreetBooth innovation challenge was part of a two-year project financed by the European Regional Development Fund to develop urban areas and transport with Big Data as well as to develop an innovation platform for services and business activity. The Cities of Helsinki and Tampere and the Research and Education Centre Synergos at the University of Tampere advance the utilization of Big Data produced by cities in this project, which is linked with the Six City Strategy (6Aika) of the six biggest cities of Finland.Read more
the City  Big Data utilized in the development of urban areas, urban transport and an innovation platform for new services and business activity
In the beginning of October, Terkko Health Hub was opened in the Meilahti Campus of the University of Helsinki. Terkko Health Hub brings to Helsinki a new kind of centre for driving ideas forward and networking within the fields of health and life sciences as well as medicine. The hub is located in the Meilahti Campus Library building which has been renewed as a meeting place for students, researchers, companies in the field and other health and life sciences professionals. Many operations take place under the same roof  there are growth companies, Helsinki Think Company's open co-working space with its idea incubator, the campus library, a caf as well as office and event spaces to rent. The City of Helsinki is involved in the Terkko Health Hub operations through the Health Capital Helsinki alliance. The other members of the alliance are the Hospital District of Helsinki and Uusimaa (HUS), the University of Helsinki and Aalto University.
Sea traffic in Helsinki is continuing to grow strongly. During JanuarySeptember, a total of 10.5 million tonnes of cargo was transported via the Port of Helsinki. This shows a growth of 12.7% compared to the same period last year. Of this amount, 5.5 million tonnes was in import (+13.2%), and 5.0 million tonnes in export (+11.5%).Unitised cargo, i.e. cargo transported in sea containers, lorries, and trailers, is the largest cargo type at the Port of Helsinki.
  During the third quarter of the year (JulySeptember 2017), the total amount of cargo traffic totalled 3.6 million tonnes (+15.8%), of which 1.9 million tonnes (+16.8%) was in import, and 1.7 million tonnes (+14.8%) in export.The pulp export that started this autumn from Mets Groups nekoski factory is expected to be visible in the bulk goods and unitized cargo statistics during the last quarter of the year. Regular liner traffic transported 9 million passengers through the Port of Helsinki from January to September. This figure is slightly (+1.8%) higher than last years.Read more:Port of Helsinki
Susanna Mlkki will stay on as Chief Conductor of the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra. Her three-year contract, which began in autumn 2016, includes a two-year extension option, allowing her to continue in her position as Chief Conductor until spring 2021. Gita Kadambi, General Manager of the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra, says she is satisfied that the orchestra and its Chief Conductor can already at this stage continue their long-term planning for interesting projects.This marks a natural extension to the excellent partnership that has been established between the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra and Susanna Mlkki. The international career of our Chief Conductor is very much on the rise, so the two-year extension means that Finnish audiences too will be able to enjoy the fruits of our collaboration, says Kadambi.Chief Conductor Susanna Mlkki says she has high expectations for the coming years:I am truly happy to be able to continue planning our journey together with the orchestra  including concerts, tours and recordings. The richness of our repertoire and the quality of our teamwork will allow us to continue to create refined and moving art.Read more:
  Helsinki schools are closed for the autumn school break 1620 October. To mark the week, Helsinki Zoo makes a special presentation of domestic animals, the Linnanmki amusement park hosts the Carnival of Light, and Sea Life Helsinki presents the Carnival of Fish.The week of the autumn school break will offer a great deal of fun and versatile physical activities for the whole family around Helsinki. The grand opening of new steps for training purposes in the Palohein sports park will take place on the afternoon of 15 October, from 1214. The Tl Sports Hall will host an EasySport week. The Liikuntamylly sports hall will kick off the week on Sunday with an event full of diverse activities and continue the fun on Thursday with the FunAction day.The wilderness area of Helsinki Zoo invites visitors to be acquainted with domestic animals and to observe nature.The Linnanmki amusement park will light up with the Carnival of Light 1222 October. The park will be illuminated with special lighting.Sea Life Helsinki will couple Linnanmkis Carnival of Light with a Carnival of Fish and the Night of Fish 1222 October.The Museum of Technology opened a new exhibition on 10 October. The exhibition tells the story of the 100-year-old nation of Finland from the point of view of technology.For the first time, masterpieces from the National Gallery of Duckburg are exhibited outside their hometown.Gems of Duckburgian art are shown alongside works from the Ateneum collection in theStories
of Finnish Art exhibition.All Helsinki City Museum branches are always free of charge to all visitors. Villa Hakasalmi opens a new photography exhibition 100
and Counting on Friday, 13 October. Another exciting holiday destination is the Tram Museum.There are many more things to do in Helsinki during the autumn school break. You can find them with Event
Search. Here are a few recommendations:
  Helsinkis Finlandia Hall is lit up 1113 October in the shade of pink chosen for the Finnish cancer foundations pink ribbon symbolizing breast cancer awareness. Wednesday, 11 October, is the United Nations International Day of the Girl, and Friday, 13 October, is the official pink ribbon day of the cancer foundations breast cancer campaign.Finlandia Hall is one of Helsinkis landmark buildings, and a special lighting on the building stands out. Were delighted to cooperate with the City of Helsinki in supporting this socially important cause, says Finlandia Halls CEO Johanna
Tolonen, explaining their participation in the campaign.The pink ribbon fundraising campaign extends through October. The funds will be used to support cancer research. The campaign also seeks to remind people of the vast strides taken in cancer care owing to cancer research. More and more victims of breast cancer are either cured or live with cancer longer. In addition to research grants, some of the funds raised in the campaign are channelled each year to guidance and support for both cancer victims and their families and close friends.The main theme and title of this years fundraiser is For Courage.Read more:Finlandia
Helsinki Metro operator HKL has announced that the West Metro has moved into pre-operation phase. Last week, Lnsimetro Oy handed overe the metro line and stations to HKL and preparations to start passenger services on the line are in full swing.The pre-operational phase involves various works to prepare the launch of services on the new section of line. During the weeks to come, HKL will be checking numerous details to ensure a smooth and safe commencement of operations.In addition to other preparations, next week HKL will be performing test runs between Matinkyl and eastern Helsinki. Test runs will be performed every day except for Wednesday and passengers must get of at the latest at Ruoholahti.The opening day of the West Metro has not yet been set. Helsinki Region Transport will decide on the opening of the line when it is known how much time HKL needs for the preparations.
Helsinki enjoyed another busy summer hosting congresses. Over 38,000 people attended congresses in Helsinki between May and September. They generated around EUR 50 million in tourism income for Helsinki. The second-ever Highlights in HEL event, which showcases local expertise, was also a big success.According to the latest international congress statistics published by the Union of International Associations (UIA) in June, Helsinki became the most popular city for international association meetings in the Nordic region last year and the 15th most popular congress city in the world. Helsinkis popularity was demonstrated again this summer, as around 150 international association meetings attracted over 38,000 congress visitors to the Finnish capital. This represents an increase of more than 8000 congress visitors compared to the previous summer. These visitors generated around EUR 50 million in tourism income for Helsinki.Not only has Helsinki earned a reputation for being a functional and reliable congress city, a lot of specialised expertise can also be found here  not to mention a very high level of research in many scientific fields, says Ines Antti-Poika, Convention Director at Helsinki Marketing.This number of congress visitors exceeded all expectations this summer. The World Glaucoma Congress was attended by the highest number of participants in its history, attracting almost 3500 participants instead of the anticipated 3000. The annual congress of the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology (EAACI 2017), the biggest scientific congress in the field of allergology in the world, was also attended by a record number of participants, 8100, which again exceeded expectations. This event alone is thought to have generated over EUR 12 million in tourism income for Helsinki.We received really positive feedback from participants of both congresses regarding how well these events were organised and about the quality of Helsinki as the host city. There is enormous competition among cities around the world to host major international meetings like these, so the positive feedback and success of these events will hopefully encourage other organisers too to shortlist Helsinki as a potential host city in the future, Antti-Poika adds.The Highlights in HEL event was organised for the second time this year by Helsinki Marketing, which hosted guests from 18 international associations, PCOs and cruise operators. The event showcased local expertise and a wide range of partners for these potential customers.This event really exceeded my expectations, commented one of the guests. We got a good idea of what this city has to offer. I really hope that we will be able to bring our international congress or one of our smaller seminars to Helsinki in the future.The main theme of this years Highlights in HEL event was the Baltic Sea and Finnish cleantech expertise. The guests had the chance to visit the worlds first LNG icebreaker, Polaris, and Aker Arctics ice laboratory. The programme also highlighted Finnish design and service design. The participatory approach was widely praised by the guests.The Highlights in HEL event was a big success in every way, and our guests found the programme to be refreshingly different. The concept fits in well with the citys marketing strategy, according to which Helsinki will be known in the future as a city of powerful people, acts and encounters, comments Ines Antti-Poika.
All departure bays at the Railway Square in use from Tuesday 10 October - Changes to bus departure bays. Bay 9 at the Railway Square (Rautatientori) will be reopened on Tuesday 10 October. At the same time, buses will no longer use bay 16 in front of the Ateneum Art Museum, with the exception of bus 23N. In addition, bus 55 will resume its normal route via Kaisaniemenkatu and Vilhonkatu. Buses 632,633,635 and 785-788 will continue to run via Kaisaniemenranta and drop off passengers at bay 13 on Lntinen Teatterikuja. The changes affect buses 55,73N,74N,75 and 79N as well as buses 785-788.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport
Thursday, 5 October 2017, was celebrated as World Teachers' Day. The City of Helsinki Education Sector covers approximately 2,000 kindergarten teachers, 4,100 basic education and upper secondary school teachers, 850 adult education teachers, and almost 800 vocational education teachers. The schools, educational institutes, and kindergartens of Helsinki are testing many different pedagogical methods and tools. They have also been open-minded in taking over the entire city as a learning environment. It has been awesome to see how bravely teachers in Helsinki are developing pedagogy and sharing their knowledge, says Head of the Helsinki Education Sector Liisa Pohjolainen happily. In accordance with the new curriculum, Siltamki Primary School is one of the schools implementing the new Fuse pedagogy, and Maatulli Primary School focuses on skills for sustainable development. Peer learning in Fuse studios The Siltamki school is one of six in Helsinki using Fuse pedagogy. The schools Fuse studio has all the necessary materials, and the students use laptops. The studio offers many kinds of challenges to the students, such as studying physics phenomena using mirrors and light, jewellery design and making jewellery using a 3D printer, producing ringtones for mobile phones, and even building speakers.In the Fuse studio, the students learn by doing together. They can instruct each other, and the teacher will help when necessary. Nobody gets stuck with their assignments, as they can always ask for advice. Peer learning is carried out with the help of experts. After solving a Fuse studio challenge, the student becomes an expert in that particular challenge, and others can ask them for help, explains Anna-Mari Jaatinen, principal of Siltamki Primary School. For a video of the activities at the Fuse studio, see here.The nicest way of learning and working Maatulli Primary School has a monthly Maatulli day with a changing theme. The theme on the school years first Maatulli day was sports, the October theme was climate change, and the November theme will be democracy. The students have voted this as the nicest way of learning and working. We have skilled teachers, and the courage to carry out many kinds of ideas. We are always tired but happy after a theme day. This is a crew to be proud of! says principal Heli Siljama. 
Tuesday 3 October was Green Power day at Maatulli school. Representatives from the schools cooperation partners, Helsinki Metropolitan Area Reuse Centre, Staras garden services, and VRJ Southern Finland, also participated. Not even the rain could bring the day down. During the day, the students worked on environmental themes in workshops led by teachers. The day also included cleaning the local environment, setting up a Finland 100 years-themed flowerbed, weeding at the Arboretum, working on a work of art on climate and recycling, a climate dance, and ten climate deeds for primary school students. The yield of the Green Power Day and the other theme days is not forgotten after the day: work on sustainable development themes continues in many ways, including the school blog. Watch a video on what sixth-grader Olavi Anttila, who is the president of the student association board, and class teacher Sini Mustaniemi have to say about the day.Congratulations to all teachers. Experimenting and learning together, we can make Helsinki the most powerful place in the world for learning.
  Isosaari is a former military island that was closed to the public until the summer of 2017. A regular ferry connection from the Helsinki Market Square made the island available to everybody over the summer months. The island will be available to the public again in the winter: regular ferry service to the island starts at the beginning of December.Prior to the launch of regular winter service, cruises to the island to admire its autumn colours will be organized on the Saturdays of the 14th, 21st and 28
  th of October. The autumn colour cruise package includes rides on the M/S Kajava, an autumn colour-themed tour of the island guided by the Helsinki islands experts Jarmo Nieminen, salmon soup with Finnish archipelago bread, and an opportunity for sauna and a swim in the bone-chilling sea. Tickets cost 49 euros for adults and 25 euros for children aged 716.An old military vessel to carry visitors in winter
Visitors will be carried to Isosaari over the winter season by an old military vessel, now in private ownership and use, which was designed to carry military staff and troops between the mainland and the island in ice conditions. From the beginning of December, the vessel will serve the island on four days of the week: Wednesdays, Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays.Restaurants, saunas and a caravan park
A caravan park will open on Isosaari in OctoberNovember. Bookings can already be made, and the first shipments to the caravan park will be made at the end of October. The park will open officially on 1 December. The park can accommodate about 30 recreational vehicles and travel trailers. The vehicles will be taken to the island on a ferry. Only seasonal sites are available.In addition to the archipelago nature and sights, visitors to Isosaari are served by the Upseerikerho (officers club) restaurant, three saunas, sand beaches and the Rikaman Sali restaurant, which serves by special arrangement during the no-ice season. Upseerikerho is open throughout the year and also serves groups by special arrangement.The mere sea journey through ice on the former military vessel is an unforgettable and unique experience. As night falls, you can see the starry sky from the island, for example, when ice swimming, says CEO Tomi
Sthlberg of the island ferry company Suomen Saaristokuljetus Oy.The company leased the Isosaari buildings and land in the spring from the governmental real estate management enterprise Senate Properties. The first summer season was so encouraging that the company decided to expand to year-round operation.Read more:
IsosaariFerry company SuomenSaaristokuljetus Oy
Finlands C21 cities establish a permanent network to
strengthen dialogue on urban policies and their joint promotion of interests.
Urbanization is a global megatrend. It is also a powerful national trend. Finland is not exempt from this phenomenon more and more people in Finland are moving to cities. Already more than half of the Finnish population live in the C21 cities of Finland  the 21 biggest cities of the country  and their share is expected to grow. The newest trend is a powerful appeal of city centres and the growth of cities in their cores.Urbanization involves great opportunities, as well as significant challenges. While cities have better opportunities to create economic growth and prosperity in Finland than before, many social problems are concentrated in our cities. Growing inequality, tensions arising from multiculturalism and demands for sustainable urban growth are only a few examples of the great questions faced by our cities, as well as by communities worldwide.
The success of the Helsinki metropolitan area and the other large urban areas of Finland is of crucial importance for the international competitiveness of the entire Finland. To secure balanced regional development, it is vital that Finnish regions have dynamic urban centres.The national interest of Finland demands strong and visionary urban policies. Finland has no tradition of strong urban policies, and Finnish cities themselves are partially to blame for this fact.
We need various types of urban policy forums, urban research and promotion of urban interests in order to develop an urban policy agenda and to define the joint objectives of Finlands biggest cities. As a result, the C21 cities of Finland have decided to establish a permanent assembly and to organize a regular meeting of the top officials of the cities twice a year.In a small nation, it is in the national interest to utilize all resources of the country. The development of urban regions and the development of the nation are not conflicting objectives. The stronger the Finnish cities, and the more dynamic the urban policies of Finland, the stronger Finland is as a nation. The cities want to shoulder responsibility for all of Finland. The national reforms of social welfare, health care and regional governance should strengthen cities as builders of economic dynamism. The reforms should be based on the principle of subsidiarity: according to this principle, legislation and public administration should flexibly enable various types of solutions for regions.
The metropolitan area of Helsinki is one of Europe's fastest growing regions. The goal is to be Europe's most appealing competence cluster for companies and one of the most intriguing locations for start-up activities.
Helsinki will continue to aim for a position at the top of sustainable growth in Europe and as a pioneer in the prevention of climate change. To ensure equality and welfare in the different neighbourhoods of the city, Helsinki is investing in high-quality teaching and early childhood education, states Deputy Mayor Anni Sinnemki who participates in the fair.
The management team of the Crown Bridges project decided on 3 October 2017 that the project shall be executed as a combination of two contract types.The pre-construction of Kruununvuorensilta, Finkensilta and the Korkeasaari area is to be carried out under one overall contract. The street and shore structures, tramline system and other parts of the project are to be carried out using the alliance model. The NihtiKruunuvuorenranta area is at the moment in the construction planning stage. The current plan is for the competitive tendering of the overall contract to start in 2019. The exact time is determined, among other things, by the processing of the water permit.According to a preliminary estimate, the competitive tendering of the alliance will start in 20192020. The schedule will be specified once the extent and possible phasing of the alliance are determined during more specific project planning and outlining. Other projects being executed at the same time may be attached to the alliance.
  The first ever Hack for Society challenge united 8 academic researchers, 8 Helsinki city councillors and 16 students in teams at the beginning of September. Under guidance by experts in workshops, the teams developed tangible solutions to 8 current social challenges.A one-month pilot project culminated in a grand final held at the universitys Think Corner on Saturday, 30 September. The final was a public event, in which the teams presented their solutions both to the audience and to the jury made up of representatives of the Finnish Innovation Fund Sitra, the Association of Finnish Local and Regional Authorities, the University of Helsinki and Think Tank e2.First prize went to a team focusing on memory disorders
The challenges first prize went to a team focusing on the rehabilitation of victims of memory disorders. The teams proposal included an idea for an exhibition on memory disorders allowing the audience to experience what its like to forget routine things of life. The audience could experience firsthand what life is like for a victim of a memory disorder with the help of new technology and by other means. The resulting transparency could arouse a dialogue around memory disorders and help create better solutions for care.The jury awarded the team with tickets to the Slush startup mega-event.According to the jury, the merits of the teams proposal include its hands-on solution, feasibility and humane touch, as well as the excellent manner in which the proposal combines research and emotions. The winning team includes researcherCamilla Lindholm, City CouncillorVeronika Honkasalo, knowledge management student Riina Kosonenand pedagogy student Donna Palojrvi.Ive had a victim of a memory disorder in my close circle of family and friends, so I have a personal relationship with the theme. This relationship gave me an astounding wealth of content for the work, says Honkasalo.The team plans to look for partners for the project as well as a time and place for implementation.The solutions developed by the other teams of the challenge competition comprised a certificate for equalitarian spaces how to pinpoint cocktail malware on a map a game to recognize learning difficulties how to achieve impactful participation in your local neighbourhood communication that reaches targets effective health care services for seniors and increased understanding through an imitation game.The new form of collaboration
proved to be productive
The work inspired by Hack for Society continues. Many of the teams are already planning their next moves to take their solutions further. The project partners will also compile a public report on the project. As a result, the model developed by the project can be applied in other connections in the future.Were hoping that this project will live on and challenge other municipalities to organize similar experiments, stated research manager Marianne
Pekola-Sjblom of the Association of Finnish Local and Regional Authorities at the final.In addition to producing new solutions, the project was successful in establishing a new type of collaboration between academic researchers and decision-makers.City Councillor Veronika Honkasalo was joined in the project by her colleagues on the Helsinki City Council Eva Biaudet,Atte Harjanne,Eveliina Heinluoma,Abdirahim Hussein,Dan Koivulaakso,Risto RautavaandKaarin Taipale(alternate councillor).
  The week-long Helsinki Baltic Herring Market will be held in the city on 17 October. The Market Square, Cholera Basin and Lyypekinlaituri areas will be filled with fishermen, autumnal delicacies, music, and a family-friendly program. Helsinki Baltic Herring Market will be open 7am7pm on Sunday 1  Friday 6 October, and 7am3pm on Saturday 7 October.At the heart of Helsinki Baltic Herring Market will be dozens of fishermen, who will be docking at the Market Square for the week. Sure to make your mouth water are traditional, seasoned herrings and a large selection of delicious marinades for herring, ranging from rowan berries to red pepper.This years market will play host to 30 fishermen, half of whom will be arriving at the Market Square by boat, with the other half selling Baltic herring from vendor stalls. Islander-style delicacies will also be sold from the traditional sailing boats Albanus, Vivan, Olga, Valborg and Joanna
Saturna, moored at the Market Square docks. This year the program is set to include activities such as market square dances, a film night, a herring-themed bike ride, an Instawalk photography walk, and fishing.On the opening Sunday, a party tent will be set up on the Market Square, offering a free-of-charge program for all. Helsinki Baltic Herring Market will be opened at 11am with a speech from Deputy Mayor Anni Sinnemki. The opening day will be hosted by presenter of the Yle Puhe radio show Huoltamo and true island girl Tiina Lundberg.The traditional Herring Jury will gather in the party tent at 11.30am. The competition will feature two classes, seasoned herrings and herring surprises, tasted by Jella Bertell who keeps the food blog Vaimomatskuu, Monocle journalist Petri
Burtsov, Executive Director of the ELO Foundation for the Promotion of Finnish Food Culture Seija Kurunmki, Speaker of the Finnish Parliament Maria
Lohela, Deputy Mayor of Helsinki Anni Sinnemki, and Chef Ali
Toppinen of the restaurant Hieta. After the Jurys tasting, the Herring Jury for Children, hosted by Meri-Tuuli Vntsi, will provide its own assessments of the years herring catch at 2.30pm The audience will also be able to taste the herring and watch both juries at work. The winners will be announced on stage in the party tent at 3.45pm.The opening days program will, as always, also feature the Silakkasoutu rowing
race organised by Rotary clubs, which this year forms the finale of the 100 acts for Finnish waterways campaign, and is included in the Finland 100 programme. The race will arrive at Vironallas at approximately 12 noon, with the Helsinki Finnish Clubs brass band getting the audience going. The race will feature 16 church boats and over 250 rowers from around Europe. A 15-person team will be arriving from Italy, alongside 27 Rotary exchange students from all over the world.Alongside the fishermens stalls and boats, the Market Square will also host a number of cafs on the opening day. Accordionist Seija Vesterinen will be creating a party atmosphere, playing from 11am to 3pm. The tents at Lyypekinlaituri will host an all-day, fish-themed program, covering everything from the Seabin maritime debris interception device and bream burgers to a presentation on the archipelago Local Fishing Project and Helsinkis maritime nature, hiking destinations and exercise opportunities. The Old Market Hallwill also be open 10am5pm. Helsinki Helper guides will be circulating throughout the event area on cargo bikes, providing guidance to visitors and tourists, from 10am to 3pm.The day will conclude with maritime-themed market square dances from 5pm to 7pm, with DJ Harri Hertell playing musical blasts from the pasts from across the decades. His decks will play host to original recordings of joyous waltzes, emotive tangos, and spirited foxtrots.On Monday from 4.30pm to 6.30pm, the City of Helsinkis City Environment Sector will be organising a guided Instawalk Instagram photography tour in collaboration with Helsinki City Museum, in the Market Square area. During the walk participants will get the chance to photograph their surroundings and hear about development work in maritime Helsinki. The walk will end with a visit to Helsinki City Museum. In the Museums Picture Browsery, visitors will find almost a million photographs of Helsinki and the everyday life of its residents, stretching from 1860 to the current day. In the Museums Time Machine exhibit, Signe Branders hundred-year-old photographs are brought to life again with the help of new technology.
On Monday and Tuesday between 10am and 11.30am, HELtours will be holding the Baltic Herring Bike Tour, with participants welcome to bring their own bike or borrow a bike. Departing from Kasarmitori square, the route will take in Hietalahti and Eira, before heading through Kaivopuisto park to the Market Square, where the tour will continue with herring tastings and a festive atmosphere. The cycling part of the tour will last for approximately an hour. If you would like to borrow a bike for the tour, please preregister by emailing info@heltours.com. Those bringing their own bikes do not need to register in advance.On Thursday at 6pm there will be a Baltic Sea themed panel discussion, followed by a screening of the documentary Chasing Coral at 7pm. The panel will discuss the state of the Baltic Sea now and in the future, as well as sustainable development, with participants including Marjukka Porvari, director of Clean Baltic Sea projects at the John Nurminen Foundation and Maria Mikkonen of TwentyKnots. The event is being organised by Nordic
Ocean Watch Finlandand Allas Sea Pool.On Wednesday, Thursday and Friday the City of Helsinkis Sports Services stand will be offering visitors the opportunity to try out fishing, with all the necessary equipment available to borrow, 9am12 noon and 13pm.The tents at Lyypekinlaituri will also be hosting a varied program for the entire duration of the week. Visitors can find out more about algae and crustaceans under the microscope, and test their knowledge of marine insects with a marine life quiz. At the aquarium visitors can see the kind of fish living in the Baltic Sea and learn more about them. The Wrtsil event tent will be hosting presentations on the Seabin maritime debris interception device, virtual SUP boarding and a wheel of fortune.Furthermore, the City Hall Restaurant will be hosting a herring brunch on both event weekends, inspired by archipelago traditions. At the weekends the brunch tables will be filled with the best catches Baltic fishermen have to offer, accompanied by freshly-baked islander-style bread.Once again, you will also be able to enjoy a herring pizza at Ristorante VaelsaThe herring-themed #ihansilakkana photo competition will also be underway during the course of Helsinki Baltic Herring Market, with the best photo winning a gift card for a herring dinner for two at restaurant Salve. Post your best herring moment on Instagram with the hashtag #ihansilakkana.
Herring Market program 2017Helsinki Baltic Herring Marketon Facebookandon InstagramInstawalk photography walk onFacebookYou can get involved in the online herring-themed conversation with the hashtags #stadinsilakkamarkkinat and #ihansilakkana.
  Mayor Jan Vapaavuori presented his proposal concerning the new Helsinki City Strategy 20172021. The CityCouncil approved the City StrategyThe most functional city in the world on27 September.Read the entire strategy
"The vision of the strategy is to make Helsinki the most functional city in the world. ""The vision speaks to every city resident, to the trade and industry, as well as to everyone who visits our city. Day by day, Helsinki has to be a better city for all of us"", says Vapaavuori.Due to the reform of Helsinki's governance system, the strategy has now been prepared in an entirely new way, which is also reflected in the shape of the strategy. In comparison to the previous council strategies, the new strategy is considerably more concise, vision-based and focused on the cooperation between administrative branches. ""A true change of the organisational culture requires that each City employee perceives and takes in the contents of the strategy"", says Vapaavuori.""This strategy sets out ambitious and clear objectives for what we want to be. We have to work every day to be an increasingly international, service-oriented and attractive City"", emphasises Vapaavuori. Helsinki is the sole metropolis in Finland and that brings along good things, but there are big challenges as well. The strategy is still very humane. ""Helsinki is primarily a place and a community, not a bureaucracy. I believe that the City cannot solve the big challenges - nor is it even sensible to do so - on its own, but instead we need strategic partnerships with everyone who is interested in developing Helsinki"", says Vapaavuori.The City Strategy is divided into five key points:1) The most functional city in the world "
  to be the world's best city in utilising digitalisation.The City's economy is run responsibly, sustainably and profitably to make sure that the City's services can be secured in the long term and that the City is a competitive location for companies. Helsinki's debt per resident will not be allowed to rise, the investments required by the growing city will be covered with internal financing during the strategy period. The intensification of the functions, made possible by the organisational reform, is made use of by using the annual 0.5 % increase in the total productivity to cover part of the increasing operating expenses caused by the growing population. In the strategy, there is also a proposal concerning a real estate strategy for the City, which includes a plan for the repair or replacement of school, day-care or playground buildings that suffer from indoor air pollution.A marine strategy is established to improve the accessibility of the City's seaside locations and the services in the archipelago, as well as to promote marine events.There will also be a scheduled operational programme for the implementation of the emissions reduction goals set in the strategy programme.City Council meetingSeptember 27
Municipal strategy According to the new Local Government Act, the municipality must have a municipal strategy in which the local council determines the long-term objectives for the municipalitys activities and finances. The municipal strategy must take into account the advancement of the well-being of the municipalitys residents, the arrangement and provision of services, the service objectives laid down in acts on the functions of municipalities, ownership policy, personnel policy, opportunities for the residents of the municipality to participate and exert an influence, development of the living environment and vitality of the area. The municipal strategy must also define the process of assessment and monitoring of the strategys implementation. In the administrative regulations of the City of Helsinki, the municipal strategy is called City Strategy.Published 24 August, updated 5, 14, 20, 27, 28September and5 October.
  Four groups have been selected to continue to the second stage of the architecture and implementation competition for central Pasilas Tower Area. The candidates continuing in the competition are Sponda Plc with the proposal Kvartsi YIT Constuction Ltd. with the proposal Trigoni Fira Group Oy, Bonava Finland Ltd. and NREP Oy with the proposal Silva and Skanska Talonrakennus Oy, Skanska CDF Oy and Sato Oyj with the proposal South Pasila.
The Helsinki High-Rise competition, organised by the Finnish Government organisation Senate Properties and the City of Helsinki, is seeking out a high-quality design to form the basis of the city plan for the Tower Area, as well as an implementer for the so-called Start-Up Area. The Pasila of the future will be a major hub for business, living and urban life in Helsinki. Helsinki is set to become a metropolis of the future, and a hallmark of metropolises is a high-rise and compact city structure, of which Pasila of the future is an excellent example. Pasila is also an example of how to build one of the most functional cities in the world, explains Mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori.The ten proposals submitted to the competition were assessed on an anonymous basis. The proposals continuing to the next stage were selected based on a quality assessment. According to chair of the evaluation panel Mikko Aho, the entries demonstrated that the construction of high-rise buildings in Pasila is possible in many different ways, whilst still improving the comfort of residents and users of the district and strengthening its identity.In all of the proposals selected for the second stage of the competition, the objective is to produce a diverse, compact and mixed-use urban environment. These proposals form excellent starting points for the second stage, states Mikko Aho.We are very pleased with the proposals submitted for the competition. They form a solid basis upon which to develop a feasible solution, as well as being wonderful proposals for the continued development of Pasila, explains Senate Properties Director of Real Estate Development and Sales Mauri Sahi.For the second stage of the competition, the competitors will compile a detailed plan for a second assessment, and the City of Helsinki and Senate Properties will carry out negotiations with each competitor concerning the Start-Up Area covered by the development agreement. The winner of the competition will be selected based on city planning criteria. The party who has drawn up the best design solution in qualitative terms will have the right and obligation to purchase the building rights for the Start-Up Area at the previously specified unit prices, and implement the complex according to its plan. The Start-Up area will be at least 40,00065,000 floor square metres in size, and is located to the south of Pasila Bridge, between Pasilankatu and Veturitie.The whole planning area lies to the south of Pasila Bridge, between Pasilankatu and Ratapihantie, entailing 150,000200,000 floor square metres of residential, office and commercial space. A maximum of half of the area may be used for housing.Helsinki City Council and Senate Properties will decide the competition winner and on the approval of the development agreement in autumn 2018. The aim is to begin construction in 20202021. Pasila is now being built at a fast pace. It is extraordinary that, already at this stage of the competition, it seems evident that we will get to cooperate with different players to move Pasila on to the next stage by developing plans for an interesting city, says Anni Sinnemki, Deputy Mayor of the City of HelsinkiHow the proposals were
chosen for the second stageThe entries were assessed by the competition evaluation panel, featuring representatives of Senate Properties and the City of Helsinki. Also involved in the assessment work were representatives nominated by the Finnish Association of Architects SAFA and other experts.The competition entries were assessed based on the following criteria:The proposals were also assessed from perspectives such as sustainable development, phased implementation, and potential for development. The competitors had to fulfil the requirements set out by the organisers in terms of group experience and expertise, and financial and societal responsibilities.
The reputations of different cities were mapped in the City RepTrak  The Worlds Most Reputable Cities 2017 comparison published by Reputation Institute on 28 September 2017.In the comparison, Helsinki ranked 16th out of 56 cities. Based on the survey, the reputation of Helsinki is strong among those who know the city, but the city recognition as a whole can still afford to be bumped up. The research method used was an online questionnaire about city perceptions. About 23,000 consumers in the leading industrial G8 countries participated in the survey. The surveyed dimensions were Advanced Economy, Effective Government and Appealing Environment. The recipients were asked about for instance their views on beauty, safety and business friendliness in the surveyed cities.In Reputation Institutes comparison of 2016, the recipients evaluated the reputation of Helsinki as the 11th strongest out of 55 cities. In the country comparison published by Reputation Institute on 29 June 2017, Finland ranked 7th. 
More information
City RepTrak 
  Finnish ice hockey will return to its roots at the Kaisaniemi Park in Helsinki at the beginning of December, when the parks field hosts the two games of Helsinki Ice Challenge.
The field that saw the first strides of ice hockey in Finland more than 100 years ago will host the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) game Jokerit vs. SKA Saint Petersburg on 2 December and the Finnish ice hockey league (Liiga) game HIFK vs. Krpt on 5 December.
The games promise to treat audiences to unique and festive sports events. Both games are parts of the regular season. The KHL game is one of the high points of the leagues 10th regular season, and the Liiga game is a season high point in the Finnish league.
Part of Finland 100 centenary programmeHelsinki Ice Challenge will celebrate the centenary of Finnish independence and mark the anniversaries of two major teams: the 120th anniversary of HIFK and the 50th anniversary of Jokerit.
The ice hockey rink to be built in the park will allow the audience to experience these games between top Finnish and European teams in the original atmosphere of ice hockey. The games will be played under the open sky with special stands that have few seats, so most of the audience will be standing. The stands will accommodate 18,000 spectators.
Kaisaniemi has long roots in ice hockeyThe Kaisaniemi Park has a special place in the story of Finnish ice hockey, which began on the bay between Siltasaari and Kaisaniemi. Bandy used to be played there on natural ice even before Finnish independence.
After ice hockey in its present form reached Finland, the sport was played on an ice rink built in the parks central field. The Finnish skating association included the sport in its programme in 1927, and ice hockey has been played in the park ever since. During World War II, the park hosted masters league games, which sometimes defied air raids.
HIFK and Jokerit join event organizationTwo traditional Helsinki ice hockey teams, HIFK and Jokerit, now join their forces to celebrate the 100-year-old Finland as an independent nation.
The City of Helsinki is one of the enabling forces behind Helsinki Ice Challenge. The event will offer ice hockey fans an unforgettable experience, which will complement the plentiful Christmas season offerings of Helsinki.
Matti Koskinen and Anssi
Vuosalmi serve important roles in Helsinki. To put it briefly, Vuosalmis duty is to find out what could go wrong in Helsinki, and Koskinen explores how safety could be better integrated with daily routines. Koskinen oversees the City of Helsinki Safety and Preparedness Unit, and Vuosalmi is the Citys preparedness manager.Koskinen and Vuosalmi say that the distressing news from Barcelona and Turku related to their recent terrorist attacks didnt trigger major new actions in the City of Helsinki organization, as the City has systematically prepared itself for threats over several years. Naturally, catastrophes elsewhere compel the City experts to investigate whether these catastrophes could be reflected in Helsinki.
The spectrum of threats to prepare for is wide, ranging from flooding caused by climate change to single acts of violence. Helsinki was alerted and took to action in preparedness for cyber threats well before these threats were discussed publicly.Regular contacts to various authorities by City representatives have created a large network. At the same time, the Citys role has grown in coordinating various threat preparedness activities. For example, when the number of asylum seekers increased suddenly and rapidly a year ago, the Safety and Preparedness Unit was able to provide support for the management of this exceptional situation and the establishment of structures required by the situation.Because we were prepared to react swiftly, the City of Helsinki could operate efficiently, Vuosalmi says.The City of Helsinki safety and preparedness work has decades-long traditions. The City hired its first preparedness manager in the 1970s. The City is under no legal obligation as concerns preparedness apart from certain clauses in laws governing specific subject matters, and Helsinkis activities in this regard are self-motivated.Our efforts stem from our aim to integrate the safety activities of various authorities in order to make them function together in optimal ways, Koskinen points out.The Safety and Preparedness Unit hasnt made a great deal of noise about itself, and the units approach is a rational choice. Koskinen says that the less safety operations are seen, and the better City services work, the better the organization has succeeded in its work.A layman easily associates threat preparedness with concrete barriers and surveillance cameras. Koskinen comments that those are only single technical measures. Surely they have their places, but preparedness for exceptional situations and emergencies involves training and attitude change.The best anti-crime action is prevention of social exclusion. Moreover, concrete barriers and fences have their limits. People should feel at home in their surroundings.
All basic duties of the City  whether were talking about social services and health care, city planning or street maintenance  support both the actual safety and perceived safety of people, Koskinen says.Helsinki fares well in international safety surveys. The Finnish police and rescue departments do their work well, but perceived safety is also affected by accident prevention  whether streets are gritted when they are icy, and whether parks are clean and well-lit.Public discourse also has its impact. Vuosalmi remarks that peoples comments have become more blunt and offensive in recent years, which can be seen in the feedback received by City management and personnel.Public discourse has heated nationwide, and people send email messages containing grossly inappropriate statements. We can interfere when people are pushed beyond their limits and support them, Vuosalmi says.The City of Helsinkis new strategy underscores a well-functioning city. Koskinen and Vuosalmi are pleased that the word safety is now included in the strategy several times. Safety was previously referred to only in between lines.Both Koskinen and Vuosalmi have a great deal of experience in the field. Do they believe that safety and preparedness concerns have markedly changed in recent times?
They believe that the role of cities in threat preparedness has grown and will continue to grow. We may not even understand what crucial roles cities play in safety and preparedness questions.An important part of the Safety and Preparedness Units work is to improve the ability of the City personnel to act in unexpected situations. There have been drills recently with educational and other institutions to prepare the personnel for such situations. There are regular contacts and cooperation with various authorities. Cooperation with the police is such a vital part of the operations that the Safety and Preparedness Unit employs a police coordinator.The City maintains weekly contacts with the Guard Jaeger Regiment, which is an Army brigade-level unit based in Santahamina, Helsinki.Cooperation with various authorities is tested in drills organized in the city several times a year. The themes of the drills include environmental disasters and serious military conflicts threatening the whole nation. There have even been drills for water outages and citywide power outages. Drill participants have had to reflect  and worry  what the capacity of single residents is to act in exceptional situations and emergencies.Timo Uola, the safety manager of Helen Electricity Network, says that power outages are drilled regularly. Helen Electricity Network distributes nearly all electricity in Helsinki.We maintain a dialogue with critical actors of society, including the authorities and hospitals, about maintaining continuous operations in case of a power outage. Because Helsinki residents experience a power outage only once in ten years on average, its easy to be lulled into the belief that we wont experience a power outage, or if we do, it will only be a short one.That is the case in normal situations, but we have plans for situations in which the power infrastructure is damaged because of a disaster such as a fire or other. 
Furthermore, the security of the network is constantly improved.Preparations for exceptional situations and emergencies are also made regionally with neighbouring power companies, and joint drills include the company responsiblefor electricity transmissionin thehigh-voltagetransmission system.Uola believes that drills are important, because they always reveal something new, at the very least new ideas for further development.Read more:Citizen safety information
  The Helsinki City Board has established a working group tasked to advance and to monitor digitalization in the City of Helsinki administration and its divisions. One of the goals of Helsinkis new City strategy is to make Helsinki the leading city in the world in the utilization of digitalization.The working group will closely monitor the preparation of the Citys and City divisions digitalization programmes as well as the execution and realization of the programmes. The working group will make statements on key digitalization projects, and it will promote interaction and collaboration with other organizations and individuals outside the City organization.The working group will also seek to ensure that design thinking will be integrated with the development of digital services and good user experience.Minerva Krohn (The Greens party) was appointed as Chair and Joona Haavisto (National Coalition Party) as Vice Chair of the working group.The City Board made the decision to establish the digitalization working group and appointed the Chair and Vice Chair at its meeting of 25 September 2017.City
Board on stersundom city plan
At the same meeting, the City Board also issued a statement to the stersundom working group on a proposal for a joint city plan.According to the City Board, the joint stersundom city plan is a crucially important plan in terms of the development of Helsinki and the Helsinki metropolitan area. The plan will impact the areas housing, economy, economic activity and green areas.
  Over the last ten years the eastern Helsinki district of Myllypuro has experienced noticeable growth. The housing types have diversified and services expanded as a result of systematic development efforts.The diversification of housing types, including more housing alternatives for families, is an outcome of infill construction. The Wooden Myllypuro area is a good example of this. The area, also thanks to its predominantly wooden houses, expands the image of Myllypuro, says Helsinki Mayor Anni
Sinnemki.According to the latest growth estimate, the population of Myllypuro will grow by one quarter in the next ten years, that is, from the current 11,000 residents to approximately 14,500 residents by the end of 2026.The Myllypuro campus of Metropolia University of Applied Sciences, to be completed in 20182019, will add 6,000 students to the total. The Metropolia campus will be complemented by another campus for construction studies, which is also expected to attract international interest. The construction campus will educate professionals both at the university of applied sciences level and at the upper secondary school level.
We naturally hope that the campuses will have a larger favourable effect on the local business and boost private investments, Sinnemki says.For example, the Verkkokauppa.com retail chain has approached the City of Helsinki with a site reservation for a new outlet to be included in the Myllypuro city plan. The new building complex could be located in the Ring Road I and Myllypuro Metro station area.Myllypuro offers services that are also used by people from outside the district. The Liikuntamylly sports hall as well as the other local sports halls and sports fields serve all Helsinki residents. The shopping centre, which was rebuilt a few years ago, and the new health station also serve the residents of the neighbouring districts.Equal footing and welfare of districts stated in city
strategy
Helsinki is committed to enabling an equal development and welfare of all city districts.Our goal is to make and maintain Helsinki a city in which all districts are dynamic and pleasing, and in which all residents take ownership of their districts, Sinnemki asserts.
She continues, Helsinki invests in people, services and local development equally in all parts of the city. According to the city strategy, all Helsinki districts should offer the preconditions for good everyday life, functional transport and versatile local services, as well as providing good business conditions.Read more:Myllypuro
The event markets at the festival Lhifest2017 Meeting Places invite citizens to the suburbs on 30 September and 1 October to eat together, discuss the renewing of the city and to experience a vivid market atmosphere.Event markets are arranged in Vuosaari and Malmi on 30 September and in Pohjois-Haaga and Herttoniemenranta on 1 October. At the markets, the citizens have the chance to discuss current issues concerning the changes of the city directly with the experts. The programme of the corner stages includes speeches by Mayor Jan Vapaavuori and Deputy Mayor Anni Sinnemki.At all the markets, the citizens will gather outside to eat together at a roofed table decorated by a tablecloth with pictures made by the citizens themselves. The citizens are encouraged to bring their own delicacies or enjoy goodies from the market.Mini seminars about city development will bring up topical matters concerning the neighbourhoods: Who needs high building? Can there be several city centres in Helsinki? What opportunities can complementary building bring for housing companies? The programme can be followed from a tent that is open for hanging out in.Helsinki is growing and becoming more closely built. Vibrant centres and city life is built in the suburb areas. The markets introduce the citizens to the changes of the city and to what the future of Helsinki will look like in the suburbs. The Urban Environment Division gathers information about the citizens' interests in an inclusivity gallup.The residents of Vuosaari will find out more about the renewal of Meri-Rastila and the architectural contest for the centre of Vuosaari. The residents of Malmi, in turn, are asked where they want new dwellings and services to be built. The residents are also introduced to idea plans for a pedestrian and bicycle way in Yl-Malmi and for the park Longinojanpuisto. Haaga residents can ask questions about the Joker light rail line as well as get to know the projects that are starting and the gems of complementary building. Residents in Herttoniemi are invited along to create the vision of the area and to get to know the ideas about a city boulevard on Laajasalontie.Each of the markets also offers plenty of activities for people of all ages. The market squares in Haaga and Herttoniemi have exercise programme for kids. The Farmers' Market on Herttoniemen tori is offering local food, and the resident house Ankkuri is organising a flea market. Vuotalo offers activities like personalising stickers, riding Longboards and building models of Meri-Rastila in Minecraft.At Malmitalo the market visitors are encouraged to move, dance and sing. The orchestra Pellekaija Pum delights children with a concert. New meets old at Pohjois-Haaga. A magic sandbox invites even grown-ups to play and the living library can be used to borrow interesting people. Street art walls are set up at all the markets, giving citizens the opportunity to create their own greetings to the suburbs. Several associations and companies also participate with content at the markets. The event is free of charge. The newest information about the programme will be updated in the Facebook events.Suburbs in the spotlight during the festival week
Lhifest2017 Meeting Places is an event that takes place in ten suburbs in Helsinki on 25 September-1 October, and that stimulates discussion on the changes in the city. The event brings together citizens, companies and communities as well as the City itself. Egnahem Media Oy is the producer and the City of Helsinki is the principal supporter of the event.The participating neighbourhoods are Kannelmki, Vuosaari, Herttoniemenranta, Kontula, Lauttasaari, Siltamki, Pohjois-Haaga, Jakomki, Malmi and Kalasatama.During workdays, the festival offers theme workshops. The international main seminar, People-Driven City, will include international trendsetters in city development and activism. The markets and other public events make the weekend a united festivity for 10 suburbs and neighbourhoods. The festival campaign #hoodshelsinki encourages people to visit the different events and share pictures on Instagram for the chance to win surprise prizes donated by companies and associations in the suburbs.Citizens can also participate online through adding their own events to the festival programme or through recommending places in the suburbs. Read the whole programme
The customer and information services responsible for
queries relating to land use permits for public areas, parking IDs and parking
fines in Helsinki will be moving
to Srnistenkatu 1 from 3 October. Feedback
regarding the maintenance of parks and streets will also be processed at the
Srnistenkatu address from this date. From 10 October, leases for non-subsidised rental
apartments must be signed at the service point located at Elimenkatu 5. The moves will lead to interruptions to service
availability. The number for the telephone service will also be changing.The customer service department will be moving from Elimenkatu on 3 October to Srnistenkatu 1, where customers will be able to: 
Due to the move, the customer service points and telephone service will be closed 29 September2 October, both at Srnistenkatu and Elimenkatu. During this period only the Cable Location Service will be open at Srnistenkatu.The Srnistenkatu service point will continue to house the Cable Location Service and customer services for receiving orders for city survey services and map materials. 
The service point handling the signing of leases on company housing and non-subsidised rental apartments will be moving on Tuesday 10 October to Elimenkatu 5. Due to the move, this service will be closed only for the period 69 October 2017. The services information number and service times will remain the same when the service reopens.On Tuesday 3 October the Urban Environment Division will begin using its new service number: +358 (0)9 310 22111. By calling this number you can access Sector information or services concerning topics such as: The number can also be used to provide feedback or service requests concerning topics such as:
   Where possible, information should primarily be submitted via the City of Helsinkis feedback website: hel.fi/feedbackThe service number and Srnistenkatu customer service point will be open:Services regarding cabling information and digital map materials, as well as the telephone guidance service (+358 (0)9 310 22 111), are open MonThu 8.15am4pm and Fri 10am3pm. There will be no changes to the Divisions other service numbers. Building Control Services and Cabling Information Services will continue using their current service numbers until 3 October. During the move periods, orders, applications and feedback can still be submitted as normal via the online services. You may experience some delay in receiving a reply due to the moves. Key services:
These changes form part of the development work underway within the City Environment Sectors customer services. Read more: Housing services moving to Srnistenkatu on 25 September (in Finnish)New service hours and number at Tellinki from 3 October (in Finnish)For further information:Tarja Posti, Customer Services Unit Manager
Helsinki promises no hiccups whatsoever if the decision is made to relocate the European Medicines Agency in the Finnish capital. The quirky campaign launched on 28 September, assuring the EU of smooth sailing and great livability for the agencys personnel in their new home. It also addresses Helsinkis wider aim of becoming one of the worlds health capitals both in terms of research and the commercialisation of the health and life science industries.
No hiccups whatsoever, promised the Finnish Minister of Social Affairs and Health Pirkko Mattila and the Mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori, when they outlined the detailed and concrete plan to relocate the European Medicines Agency (EMA) to Helsinki.
Known for its high liveability scores in global rankings, its leadership in digital health, and one of the most efficient healthcare systems in the world, the city of Helsinki kicked off its campaign in Brussels to relocate the EMA to the Finnish capital, assuring no hiccups during the relocation process.  As well as promising a hiccup-free move for the agency and its employees, the citys offer of hospitality also extends to their families, with special services allocated to assist with their integration.
Helsinki is the perfect location for medical research, said Jan Vapaavuori, the Mayor of Helsinki. It has bio banks, universal healthcare, and a unique national identification number system, which helps to make recalling information easy. As a city, it has everything to offer, whether in terms of quality of life, one of the best start-up scenes in the world, and a great educational system in which to relocate children and young people, or its excellent liveability in one of the safest countries in the world. Not to mention that placing the EMA alongside the European Chemicals Agency in Helsinki would enhance the EUs global regulatory competitiveness. And to cap it all, we promise no hiccups for everyone involved in the relocation. We know we can deliver.
Helsinkis liveability has been also been proven in practice  ECHAs move to Helsinki demonstrated strong employee retention, as little as 3-5% expert employee turnover in the first five years.  In addition to ticking all the boxes in its application for the EMA, Helsinki also has the wider aim of becoming one of the worlds true health capitals. Its robust talent pool and research expertise, combined with Finlands leadership in IT and communications, form a vibrant life-science and med-tech industry in the Helsinki region. With over 500 life-science companies, employing some 21,000 professionals, Helsinki is working hard to be the best location in Northern Europe for healthcare development.  Helsinki also boasts a globally leading health organisation named HUS, and high willingness amongst the general public (99%) to take part in medical research, with more than 98% of patients giving permission for their samples to be stored in bio banks. For HUS, this means up to 500,000 new samples every year.  We look forward to welcoming the European Medicines Agencys experts to the community of medical and pharmaceutical professionals that have made Finland a benchmark for healthcare development worldwide, said Pirkko Mattila, Finlands Minister of Social Affairs and Health, and to providing a stable, supportive, and hiccup-free home for their families.
  Helsinki wants to be a pioneer and internationally recognized for sustainable development and high ecological standards, states Mayor Jan Vapaavuori
  in the new edition of the City of Helsinkis international news bulletin Helsinki News.According to Mayor Vapaavuori, Helsinki sets for itself ambitious climate goals in the new City strategy: Helsinki seeks to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 60 percent from 1990 to 2030 and to be carbon neutral by 2035.We want to partner with other major cities in key global issues and seek a high profile in fighting climate change. One of Helsinkis strategic goals is to join and to be an active member of international networks including the C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group, Mayor Vapaavuori asserts.One of Helsinkis programmes to fight climate change featured in Helsinki News is the mySMARTLife Helsinki Lighthouse project, in which the city seeks 1020 percent cuts in urban energy consumption with commercial-scale smart solutions for buildings, city infrastructure and mobility.Helsinki News also presents RobobusLine Helsinki, a project that will put a driverless electric minibus to service on public streets. The goal of RobobusLine and further autonomous bus development in Helsinki is to increase public transport use. Read Helsinki News (.pdf)
Six more Helsinki health stations have adopted an electronic contact service that has been in use at three health stations before. Customers can report their needs and concerns to the health stations using an electronic form. The health stations reply to the customers contact requests no later than the next weekday.
The new health stations with the electronic contact service comprise Herttoniemi, Kallio, Kivikko, Malmi, Puistola and Viiskulma, while the health stations of Tl, Vallila and Vuosaari have already been using the service.Our experiences from the first three health stations have been positive, so we decided to offer the service to more people in Helsinki, says health station director Olli Huuskonen.The electronic contact service makes it easier for customers to reach health stations in non-urgent matters, as they can contact health stations at a time most suitable to them.Customers can still contact health stations by phone and in person.A link to the electronic contact service can be found on the webpages of the aforesaid health stations (find stations at www.hel.fi/healthstations) and on asiointi.hel.fi.The service requires identification either with online banking access codes or with a mobile certificate. Customers
served by teams with multiple skills
If they so wish, the customers of the Herttoniemi and Kallio health stations can have a personal contact person who will coordinate their care. Contact persons can be reached either online or by phone. Contact persons are assisted in the care by teams with multiple skills consisting of public health nurses, nurses, practical nurses, physical therapists and doctors.
The service hours of the Herttoniemi and Kallio health stations remain the same, and the call-back system remains in use. The Kallio and Herttoniemi health stations are upgrading their services and preparing to merge with the Kalasatama health and wellbeing centre, which will open doors in February 2018
  Helsinki metropolitan area and Kirkkonummi residents were surveyed in 2016 about their attitudes to waste sorting. According to the survey, only slightly more than half of 18- to -25-year-olds sort hazardous waste either always or quite often. Among older resident groups such as 39- to 45-year-olds, more than 70 percent of the respondents reported doing so. The survey organized by HSY (Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority) was taken by 1,012 residents of the Helsinki metropolitan area and Kirkkonummi. The survey was conducted by Innolink Research.HSYs dynamic new hazardous waste campaign provokes especially young adult males to reflect on their relationship to hazardous waste.When doing renovations and working in the garage, people use various oils, paints and detergents that can be easily forgotten in the garage or the basement. The proper place for these is a hazardous waste collection container. The key figures of our campaign, Arman Alizad and Trash Test Dummy, experiment with hazardous waste in the HSY test laboratory to find out the consequences of careless handling of this waste, says Maarit Kiviranta of HSY, who is in charge of hazardous waste operations.Hazardous waste should never be placed in the sewer, in a waste container or in nature. Hazardous waste contains substances that can pose a threat to peoples health and the environment even in small amounts. The most common hazardous wastes found in homes include wet paints, oils, glues, varnishes, medicines, batteries and energy-saving light bulbs.
Nearly all hazardous waste from homes can be taken free of charge to HSYs Sortti Stations and placed in hazardous waste collection containers. There are 50 places where to dispose of hazardous waste in the Helsinki metropolitan area and Kirkkonummi.Find your closest hazardous waste collection site on the recycling information map service (select English in the upper right-hand corner).
A place that brings liberal arts and sciences within the reach of everybody. Thats the new Think Corner, which opens to the public on 22 October. The grand opening was preceded by a Think Corner open night on 20 September, when the party went on to midnight.The doors and thoughts are open to everybody interested in liberal arts and sciences, from toddler to grandpa: we welcome children and stay-at-home moms, schools, working people, students, seniors and tourists, says marketing manager Tanja Paananen of the University of Helsinki.Think Corner is located in the former University administrative building, which has been renovated and partially rebuilt for completely new uses. Previously Think Corner operated in a pop-up space on Aleksanterinkatu and in the Porthania academic building. The feedback has been good from the very beginning, so the University has wanted to continue the activity.We now have space on three floors. Visitors can come here for coffee or lunch, to study or to work either by themselves or with others. They can book meeting rooms and event space, and they can attend various events, Paananen says.Make the space your own Dont be shy.Youre welcome just as you are, and you can make the space your own. You can be seen and heard. Were hoping that people will move on from here enriched by at least one valuable thought.Think Corner will host about 200 events during the autumn season. One series of events will explore phenomena related to nations and their roles, ranging from nationalism to cyber warfare. We dont speak about lectures, because our events are strongly marked by participation, hands-on approaches and interaction. Our events wont be just PowerPoint presentations. We want to make Think Corner a place for the most interesting discussions of the city from all of Finland and the rest of the world. We will also be showing to the audiences what kind of top research is conducted both here at the University and in the world, and what impacts liberal arts and sciences have, Paananen asserts.The tenants of the renovated building will include the City of Helsinkis and the University of Helsinkis joint entrepreneur society Helsinki Think Company and the software company Reaktor.More on the subject:Think Corner
Text by Heta
ngeslev
September 22: Normal bus services on Friday by NobinaSeptember 21: Nobina bus drivers have staged a walkout in the early Thursday 21 September. Most of the bus routes operated by Nobina are not running. Problems with travel are expected across the HSL area but in particular in Eastern Vantaa, Eastern Helsinki, areas around Leppvaara and Espoon keskus. We advice passengers to allow extra time for their journeys and when possible, to use alternative modes of transport, e.g. to cycle. Telecommuting is a good option, if possible.
"The City of Helsinki has been chosen to host the annual World Tourism Cities Federation (WTCF) Fragrant Hills Tourism Summit in 2019. The decision was published at this year's WTCF Fragrant Hills Tourism Summit in Los Angeles on 19 September 2017. At the same time, it was announced that Chinese Internet giant Tencent has chosen Helsinki as the partner city for its new mobile application.Established in 2012 in Beijing, the aim of WTFC is to offer a platform for international tourism cooperation and sustainable development of tourism. Helsinki became a part of the WTCF network in 2014. Beijing and Helsinki have been sister-cities since 2006.""The membership has proved useful especially in terms of business connections, as it has opened up new cooperation opportunities in China. Cities are becoming increasingly influential in the tourism industry as well and thus it is important for Helsinki to be a part of the city network"", says Helsinki Marketing CEO Laura Aalto. Having the annual tourism summit, accompanied by extensive media coverage, in Helsinki is also an excellent opportunity for coverage in China. The summit brings numerous high-level officials and top players of the tourism industry to Helsinki."
"Getting to host the annual event of the WTCF network shows that Helsinki's reputation as a skilled and reliable conference host and an attractive destination is strong. It is great to see that the accessibility, good infrastructure, urban environment and functionality of Helsinki is highly regarded and internationally recognised, notes Helsinki Deputy Mayor Pia Pakarinen, who was one of the main speakers at the Los Angeles summit.According to a recently published agreement, Chinese internet giant Tencent has chosen Helsinki as the partner city for its new mobile application. The new mini application offered to almost one billion WeChat users is useful to tourists, among others. The destinations and events of Helsinki are presented by means of images, texts, videos and interactive maps. The users can also make a travel plan in the application. In addition to the mini application, the partnership will make Helsinki visible in other Tencent services as well.The cooperation between Helsinki and Tencent increases Helsinki's recognition and attractiveness among Chinese tourists. The WeChat service is currently used by more than 960 million people.""The partnership with a large Chinese company is a tribute to the tourism in Helsinki and to our functional City. We are a unique test environment for a new application. The information shared through the application is a big possibility for the companies in Helsinki"", says a delighted Deputy Mayor Pia Pakarinen. The registered overnight stays at the accommodation businesses in Helsinki have more than doubled over the last five years.In 2016, the number of registered overnight stays by Chinese visitors (incl. Hong Kong) was almost 105,000. During the first six months of 2017, the number of overnight stays by visitors from mainland China increased by 43.6 per cent compared to the same period last year.The increase in the number of Chinese tourists has been supported by Finnair's strong Asia strategy, owing to which the air service between Helsinki and China is excellent."
  A northern bicycle superhighway running along the main railway tracks is now open to cyclists. Called Pohjoisbaana in Finnish, the bikeway connects southern and northern cycling routes in Helsinki. It is part of the network of bicycle superhighways, that is, bikeways with wide lanes and no or few stops, allowing for higher spends and smoother rides than regular bikeways.
The City of Helsinki celebrates the new bicycle superhighway with a grand
opening of the bikeway and the autumn cycling season on Thursday, 28 September
2017, 16:0019:00.The planning of the new bicycle superhighway started in April 2015 and construction went underway in August 2016. The construction process was demanding for many reasons including restrictions caused by the adjacent railway tracks and nearby housing. The northern bicycle superhighway was opened to cyclists on 31 August 2017.
A cyclist
is king on a bicycle superhighwayThe City of Helsinki has set for itself the ambitious goal of raising the share of cycling of all journeys in the city to 15 percent by 2020, says Jukka Repo, the director of the northern bicycle superhighway project at the Citys Urban Environment Division. A network of bicycle superhighways including the new northern section plays an important role in the overall development of urban mobility in Helsinki. The goal of the network is to make cycling easier and a more attractive alternative for increasingly long journeys, in order that the City can achieve its goals in cycling.
The network of bicycle superhighways is under construction. Once complete, Helsinki will have 130 kilometres of bicycle superhighways connecting the main residential and workplace areas. To make cycling as smooth as possible, these bikeways are as straight and flat as possible. Rides are also facilitated by minimizing stops, with high-quality under- and overpasses, and with good intersection design.Special attention is paid to the lighting and winter maintenance of bicycle superhighways. The grand opening marks the beginning of the autumn
cycling season
The main users of the northern bicycle superhighway are long-distance cyclists and local residents. The opening event is targeted especially at those users, says Niklas Aalto-Setl, a cycling coordinator at the Urban Environment Division.The opening events programme includes a bicycle procession organized in cooperation with Helsinki Cyclists, a ribbon cutting ceremony, speeches and partners presentations at booths.I hope that as many people as possible will come and enjoy a pleasant evening with us, Aalto-Setl says.The northern bicycle superhighway was designed by Ramboll Finland Oy, and the construction contractor was Destia Oy.The grand opening of the northern bicycle superhighway and the autumn cycling season will be held at the Pasila end of the bikeway on Thursday, 28 September 2017, 16:0019:00. The event is open for all and free of charge.See the event
Industrial-scale heat pumps from France, to be installed in the Esplanade underground cooling plant, will arrive in Finland by sea this week. The heat pump parts will be transported from the Vuosaari Harbour to Helens district cooling cavern.Helen is currently building a new heating and cooling plant in the cooling centre located under the Esplanade Park. The plant consists of two large heat pumps that produce cooling and heat. These pumps will help to utilise waste heat even more efficiently than before. The heating and cooling plant will be commissioned in spring 2018.The heat pumps to be installed under the Esplanade Park consist of large sections, with the largest weighing almost 27,000 kilos. In the cavern, the sections will be lifted off the transport vehicles and then moved and installed in place on the bedding. One assembled heat pump entity is about 11 metres long, 6 metres wide and 5 metres high, with a total weight of over 98,100 kilos.The new heating and cooling plant will reduce Helens carbon dioxide emissions by about 20,000 tonnes per year. Helen is on the way to climate neutrality, and the heat pump investment is one of the measures towards climate neutral production. The Esplanade heat pumps will meet the growing need for district cooling in Helsinki. In addition to district cooling, we will also use the pumps for producing heat and that way compensate the use of fossil fuels, says Director Heikki Hapuli of Helen Ltd.Read more
"The City of Helsinki is participating in Singapore Week of Innovation and Technology (SWITCH). During the event, that takes place on 1821 September, the city introduces itself with the theme ""Helsinki  Designing Better Life"". Nearly a hundred Finnish companies within the fields of smart cities, sea technology, design and education are also attending the event. About half of the companies are start-ups. The City of Helsinki's programme consists of discussion forums, workshops and seminars for local professionals in certain chosen fields. The workshop participants have the chance to try out and experience the elements that make Helsinki one of Europe's first-class knowledge hubs. Through the event, the possibilities for Finnish companies to succeed in Singapore's market are strengthened and the recognition of Helsinki as a business and innovation cluster is increased on a general level throughout Southeast Asia. The efficiency of this endeavour will be measured through following up the attending companies for a year. ""Helsinki wants to be the world's most appealing place for all kinds of innovators who want to make the world a better place. In the future, Helsinki is aiming for the position of Europe's intellectual start-up capital in a more intensive manner. Our existing reputation as an active start-up ecosystem as well as a cluster for know-how, innovations and testing platforms is brought forward in many different ways during the SWITCH week in Singapore. This is a big opportunity not only for the participating companies, but also for Helsinki itself,"" Mayor Jan Vapaavuori says.Slush Singapore, which is part of the event, is also a great opportunity for Finnish start-up companies to introduce themselves in the heart of Southeast Asia. The Helsinki  Designing Better Life event is part of a series of 30 different events focusing on the Finland 100 jubilee year in Singapore. The event is organised in cooperation with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Finnish Business Council in Singapore, Finpro, the Helsinki Metropolitan Smart & Clean foundation, the Suomi Finland 100 Singapore association, GEMS World Academy, Aalto University and the Singapore Design Council. The city is also cooperating with Helsinki Business Hub, Startup Sauna, Maria 01, HealthSPA, Health Innovation Village and xEdu."
Participating companies at the Helsinki  Designing Better Life event3DBear / Aalto EE / Alme Solutions / Arkki / Asqella / BC Platforms / Buddy Healthcare / Cargotech / City of Helsinki / Claned / CoreOrient / CTRL Reality / Cuppla / Digitalist Group / Digitalist Group/Ixonos / Evolta / EXX Maritime / eMedi Innovation / Evolta / Fifth Corner / Finpro / Fira / Firstbeat / Fjuul / Fleetrange / Flou Analytics / Futurecode / Gaia Consulting / HBH / Health Innovation Village / HealthSpa / HEI Schools / Houm / House of Learning / HundrED / HUS / IBM / Kii / Kine Robot Solutions / KNL Networks / Lifa Air / Lyfta / MaaS Global / Mightifier / Microsoft / Naava / Napa / New Urban Collective / Nightingale / Oura / Palmu / Parking Energy / Paths to Math / Perille / PlugIT / Rolls-Royce / Rounders / Sensible4 / Seppo.io / Siemens / Sitra / SmartWatcher / Sooma Medical / Solita / Sova3D / Studio Puisto Architects / Synoste / Taival / TAT (Me & MySchool) / Teatime / Tinyapp / Tridify / Tuup / University of Turku / Vaisala / Vedia / Vertical Health Accelerator / Viasys / VideoVisit / Virta Global / Wrtsil / Wrtsil/Eniram / Witrafi / Z-Instruments Further information
Judging from national and local integration programmes there are no greater differences in immigrant integration policy between the state administration and local authorities, nor between the big cities of the Helsinki Metropolitan Area. This is probably due to their close interaction. This appears from a fresh study report from the City of Helsinki.In a broader
perspective integration concerns the whole society, in a narrower just
employment
Integration is seen both by state and local authorities from a narrow and a broad perspective. According to the broad one, integration is a two-directional and comprehensive process that concerns the whole society. The narrow perspective focuses on as fast employment as possible for immigrants and what that would require.According to the narrow approach, the most important integration-promoting measures are guidance and advice, initial assessment, integration plans and integration training. In principle, these forms of support and services have, since 2010, been at the disposal of all immigrants. In practice, they have still for the most part been targeted on persons having received international protection and on unemployed applicants for work.Roles have been made
clear through legislation
Finnish immigrant integration legislation prescribes the division of work and cooperation between state and local authorities, and in the law, roles and coordination seem quite clear. In practice, however, local authorities make less initial assessments and integration plans than has been assumed. Again, local authorities are important providers and enablers of integration training, at least in Helsinki Metropolitan Area.Of late, the Finnish integration system has been criticised for lack of coordination. Integration-promoting services consist of cross-administrational work, and both at state and local level, various administrative branches may often act rather independently. The state can steer local authorities through its funding  funding which has, however, often been considered insufficient with regard to the needs. A large proportion of the work is done in fixed-term projects. Better coordination would probably raise the impact of integration measures.Closer analysis of the
integration system requires more knowledge of the implementation
When studying integration policy many conclusions have to be drawn on assumptions, because essential data on how integration measures have been carried out are lacking both from state and local authorities. More information would be needed on which integration measures are taken and by whom, to what purpose, for whom and with what resources. With the present knowledge it is hard to form a reliable detailed overall picture of the integration system. Also, it is very difficult to assess policy impact.A fresh working paper from Helsinki City Executive Office looks into Finnish integration policy from the angle of interaction and cooperation between national and local authorities. The analysis concerns, especially, the relationship in this respect between the state administration and the City of Helsinki and between the three big cities in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, namely Helsinki, Espoo and VantaaPublication:
Pasi Saukkonen: Interplay and co-operation between national and local levels in
integration policy case Helsinki, Finland, Helsinki City Executive Offices Working Paper 2017:4, pdf-publication.Enquiries:
senior researcher Pasi Saukkonen, +358 9310 36405, pasi.saukkonen(at)hel.fi
On 13 September, Liisa Pohjolainen, Head of the Helsinki Education Sector, was granted the esteemed Helsinki Design Award for promoting phenomenon-based learning. The award was granted at Helsinki Design Weeks Muoto Gala.
According to the Helsinki Design Award jury, Liisa Pohjolainen has played a central role in implementing phenomenon-based learning in the schools of Helsinki. Meeting the challenge of our time, this learning method explores true life phenomena by combining various subjects. Learning is communal and utilizes digital tools.
 All school levels in Helsinki emphasise phenomenon-based learning and the entire city as a learning space. Upper secondary schools of Helsinki introduced phenomenon-based learning already in 2013. Now, as the curricula have been reformed, it is implemented in all comprehensive schools, upper secondary schools, and vocational education, and the new early education plan includes phenomenon-based learning as well. Phenomenon-based learning means the forming of teaching in a way that allows the students own activity, communal construction of information, the learning of various skills, and the natural use of technology to be used as means of enriching learning.Pohjolainen is happy about the award, and hopes that it will encourage schools and educational institutes to dare to implement phenomenon-based learning as an increasingly extensive part of their teaching. Her future vision is that every time something interesting happens in the world, schools would be able to address the phenomenon quickly and agilely, allowing the students understanding of the world, motivation for learning, and skills to increase.We wish to offer children and young people the chance for as good learning as possible, and phenomenon-based learning is an excellent opportunity. It is flexible and open to change. It emphasises communality, cooperation skills, and the implementation of information. It allows us to reach the core of a new kind of learning process, Pohjolainen summarises.
Understanding everyday phenomena, problem-solving skills, and communal development are essential for design, as well. Acquiring these skills already in school forms a solid basis for Finnish design in the future.
Developing learning by doing togetherIn Helsinki, schools and teachers can ask for help and support for their phenomenon-based learning process from a phenomenon-based learning team formed of expert teachers. The teachers are offered continuing training to increase their knowledge about phenomenon-based learning. On 29 November, the Education Sector will organise an education event on phenomenon-based learning, open to everyone. The event will take place at the EduLab building of the Education Sector building, at Tysnkatu 2, from 3 to 5pm. Welcome!
  The English section of the Helsinki-info bulletins new edition presents plans for smarter mobility in Helsinki. Metropolia University of Applied Sciences is about to launch RobobusLine Helsinki operated with one driverless minibus that will be carrying passengers in regular traffic on a route likely to be in the RuoholahtiJtksaari area.The goal of the RobobusLine project is to develop automated bus services especially for the last mile of public transport  taking riders from a public transport hub to their homes  and so to improve overall public transport services, says RobobusLine project leader Harri Santamala, who directs Metropolias smart-mobility innovation hub.In its regular series on immigrant life in Helsinki, Helsinki-info introduces Afghan-born Abdultawab Qaderzada, a young man who volunteers in youth work and has ambitious plans for the future.The edition also presents a new proactive campaign to counter hate speech, extreme views and polarization as well as a project to help new immigrants on to a speedier path to employment through apprenticeship training and on-the-job learning.Read the above articles
Helsinki is the most liveable city in the Nordic region and the ninth best in the world. Safe and functional, Helsinkis advantage as it competes to become the new home of the European Medicines Agency is precisely the quality of life here. Everyday life is easy, kids can walk to school, and there is lots of great urban and food culture. Helsinki is also appealing because of its peace and quiet, its proximity to nature and its overall cleanliness. The high quality of life in Helsinki is not just an impression it has also been measured. In the latest index published by the Economist Intelligence Unit, Helsinki was ranked as the 9th most liveable city in the world and number one in the Nordic region. The index covered 140 cities altogether. Finland is consistently among the top performers in the PISA student assessment study. Helsinki has a world-class education system and numerous international schools. The city is also expanding its English-language daycare and education services. The European School of Helsinki is also adding capacity. The City of Helsinkis vision is to be the most functional city in the world. Life in Helsinki is easy, because Finnish society is open and functional. For digital companies too, Helsinki is a positive, environmentally friendly and creative smart city even on the global scale. This impression is backed up by the quality of life indexes published by Mercer, The Economist and Monocle. Helsinki also has the most satisfied residents compared to any other European capital when it comes to the quality of their own lives, the place they live and the sports opportunities in their hometown. Another strength of Helsinki is that it is already home to the European Chemicals Agency (ECHA). The five hundred employees and directors of the agency appreciate the citys efficiency, functionality, excellent transport infrastructure and the fact that everything in the city is nearby. The ECHA has the lowest turnover of employees of any EU agency, suggesting that people who come to Helsinki want to stay here. Combining work and free time here is straightforward.
More informationHelsinki for EMA
Helsinki for EMA -video
  Finlands application
Helsinki is a perfect place for kids to grow up#emahelsinki Summary of the Economist Intelligence Units 2017 Global Liveability Report
Helsinki believes in the power of design. The ambitious goal of the city strategy proposal up to 2021 is to be the worlds most functional city. One of the ways to pursue this is by combining design, digitalisation and dialogue. Helsinki continues to raise its international profile as a design city. One of the latest highlights is DesignCommons, a new design event premiering in Helsinki on 14 September 2017. Helsinki will be a platform for this Helsinki Design Week event featuring top names in design. Helsinkis vision to become the worlds most functional city addresses citys residents, businesses and everyone visiting Helsinki. Helsinkis residents have both the will and the ability to develop the user experience of a good city, and they feel a sense of ownership towards the city. The city wants to be centred on its residents and users. Helsinki should get better and better for everyone, every day, says Mayor Jan Vapaavuori. Since 2012, when Helsinki was World Design Capital, the use of design has been expanded to cover all disciplines of the city. The city has already applied human-centered service design or design thinking in over 200 projects. The City of Helsinki is utilising design also on a strategic level, one example being the appointment of Chief Design Officer, Anne Stenros, in 2016. In order to build a more functional city, Helsinki has developed a new city-level Helsinki Participation Model that is based on the knowledge and expertise of its residents. To support participation and interaction, a new tool  the Participation Game  has also been created as a co-design process. The game helps city officials to understand what participation can be and how to use participatory methods as part of their work. Helsinki is one of the fastest growing cities in Europe. The city is being developed and built more than ever before in its history. Helsinki sees this growth as an opportunity for transformation. Within this process the knowledge and know-how of citizens is being utilized on an unforeseen scale. One of the most recent examples of the new interaction between citizens is the digital MyHelsinki.fi service, which gathers content about the citys intriguing offerings and business opportunities. It was extremely important to us to get locals, visitors and businesses involved in the development of this service. The design process was based on real user needs, so we invited feedback already at the earliest stages of development. The beta version of the Myhelsinki.fi service was launched this summer and has been positively received, and the service is being further developed by listening to user experiences, says Laura Aalto, CEO of Helsinki Marketing.The inaugural DesignCommons event will be held in Helsinki on 14 September 2017. Helsinki is the perfect place to launch the event, as the focus is on building better cities. DesignCommons is being held as part of the Helsinki Design Week. The event represents a new kind of discussion forum that breaks with the traditional seminar format. It will gather top international speakers, including world-renowned architect Sir David Adjaye. After the launch of DesignCommons in Helsinki, the event will tour other design weeks around the world. The concept is by Helsinki Design Week, the largest design festival in the Nordic countries, in collaboration with Design Indaba, the largest design event in Africa.
   Background information The City of Helsinki has utilised design expertise and thinking in its development work for over ten years. Design has been integrated in the citys development and is included in the citys strategy. Helsinki has been designated a UNESCO City of Design. Helsinki has applied design in new ways in collaboration with local designers and Aalto University. Helsinki Design Week is a strategic partner of the City of Helsinki, which is the main sponsor of the event. During Helsinki Design Week from 7 to 17 September, the development activities of the City of Helsinki can be seen and experienced at an exhibition inside City Hall. The City Shaped by People exhibition presents examples of how Helsinki and its services have been developed with the use of design and digital means and in continuous dialogue with local residents. 
  Finland, Helsinki and Aalto University should see our place in the world at the very top. Any other attitude is simply not acceptable, stated Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori at the opening ceremony of Aalto Universitys academic year.Mayor Vapaavuori emphasized in his address that the universities of the Helsinki metropolitan area, especially the University of Helsinki and Aalto University, play key roles in securing positive development for the whole nation. The metropolitan area is the place of learning for more than 100,000 university students. They are the people who will largely shape Finlands future.The City of Helsinki and Aalto University join their strengths especially to increase the international recognition and appeal of the Helsinki metropolitan area and the university, as well as to promote entrepreneurship and innovation activities.Mayor Vapaavuori declared that the City of Helsinki is prepared to serve as a platform in experimentation for enterprises and researchers, and the City administration can be active in bringing together actors representing a wide range of fields of expertise.He reminded the audience that the tech and startup event Slush founded by Aalto University students is a huge achievement in terms of both advancing the startup sector and branding Helsinki.The leading fields of the metropolitan areas expertise are also strong fields in Finnish export: smart & clean solutions, digitalization and health technology. Aalto University educates professionals for all these fields.Helsinki wants to be and remain the most attractive place for all those who strive to make the world a better place, Vapaavuori stated.Read more:
Vapaavuoris speech at the opening ceremony of the Aalto University academic year. Mayor Vapaavuori spoke in Finnish, Swedish and English. The English section can be found on page 4 of the transcript.Aalto
  The exhibition  Climate change in Laplands Nature - What can we do?  authored by Stphanie C. Lefrre in 2013 and currently hosted by SYKE since 2016, introduces you with results of many researchers about the current impact of the warming on animals and plants.You can visit the exhibition at the Viikki Environment House (Viikinkaari 2a) from Monday to Friday,from 8.15 to 16.00.Designed from an educational perspective, the exhibition aims to raise public awareness about climate change and its effect on biodiversity in Lapland, the most arctic region in the EU. This visual and interactive exhibition is based on scientific data and provides practical examples of what people can do to lower their own carbon footprint.Fighting climate change starts with a better understanding of the Arctic, an area that is warming at a vastly quicker pace than lower latitudes and where the detrimental impacts of the warming are clearly visible.Recent scientific information on the effects of climate change is explained with the help of texts, figures and photos. The exhibition is enlivened with music and slideshows presenting the annual cycle of nature and northern lights.The COP21-certified exhibition has been touring in Finland, in France, in Russia, in Morocco, in Monaco and in Germany. Other versions are under preparation for additional countries. More than60 researchers provided data. There are seven institutional partners, SYKE, the preeminent Finnish Environment Institute, twelve private sponsors of eco and organic products participated in the first version of the exhibition. 28,000 people have visited the exhibition so far (visitors during the UNFCCC COP21 and COP22 not included) and more than 2,000 pupils have participated in the workshops.Stphanie C. Lefrre holds lectures, guided tours and workshops to the public and schools. Contact information: arcticspruce@gmail.comExhibition website: climatechangeinlapland.org
  The City of Helsinki participates in two ecological farming experiments. In one experiment, gypsum is spread onto the fields of the Citys Haltiala farm to bind with phosphorous in the soil. The other experiment tests recycled nutrients. The goal of both experiments is to protect the Baltic Sea from nutrient runoffs.Haltiala strives both to retain the valuable cultural landscape of the farm and to set an example in managing the fields even in terms of environmental protection.We spread gypsum onto two field sections every three years. One section is in Haltiala and the other one is in the Tuomarinkyl Manor area, says Jari Kuusinen, who is in charge of nature management at the City of Helsinki construction and maintenance company Stara.The use of gypsum is based on research data on how gypsum binds with phosphorous. According to Kuusinen, the practice relies especially on the research carried out by the Uusimaa Centre for Economic Development, Transport and the Environment in the Lepsmnjoki river area in the greater Helsinki region.Natural fertilizersThe University of Helsinki launched a 5-year recycled nutrient study in Haltiala in the autumn of 2016. Stara has assisted the University researchers in the field work. The researchers study the effect of various fertilizers on the quality of crops and on the soil. One goal of the study is to increase knowledge about recycled nutrients for farmers.The University team led by Professor Juha Helenius uses various nutrient products made from recyclable organic materials. The nutrients tested include biogasification waste, biomass generated by the forest industry as byproducts, and various composts.In addition to these natural fertilizers, adequate nutrient levels of the soil are supported by crop rotation, that is, the practice of growing a series of dissimilar or different types ofcropsin the same area in sequencedseasons.We first planted rye, oats and broad beans, which were followed by clover and a late variety of rapeseed. We test somewhat different crop rotations in different cultivation sections to find out how various combinations of crops affect the soil, Helenius says.The University of Helsinki is joined in the recycled nutrient study by Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority HSY, Soilfood Oy, Ecolan Oy and Tuhala Bio O of Estonia.
"The main goal in the strategy proposal The most functional city in the world, which runs through 2021, is, like its name implies, to develop Helsinki into the most functional city in the world. This is strived for through, among other things, the means of service design, combining design, digitality and dialogue.""The citizen and the courage to try new operational models are the priorities when Helsinki develops its digital services. The aim is to engage the service users as early as possible to brainstorm and tell which things work and which do not. Joint development is also supported with joint premises, of which the Helsinki Lab at the City Hall is a good example"", says Ville Meloni, Programme Manager of the Digital Helsinki Programme."
 In order to build a more functional city, Helsinki has formed a new participation and interaction model at the city level, based on the knowledge and skills of the citizens. The joint planning is also supported with a new tool, a design game for developing participation, which helps city actors to better include the citizens in the development of the services.During the Helsinki Design Week 717 September The City of Helsinki's development activities can be seen and experienced in the open exhibition space at the City Hall.
 The City Shaped by People exhibition compiles examples of how Helsinki and the services it offers have been developed in a continuous dialogue with the citizens. At the exhibition the visitors can also acquaint themselves with Helsinki's uniquely extensive 3D city models and a robot bus as well as leave their mark in the city's digital guestbook.
One of the development projects presented at the exhibition is the My Helsinki service, which compiles both the city's experiential content and the content concerning the economic development under one address.
"For us, it was extremely important to involve the residents, visitors and companies in the development work. Our planning was based on user needs and we collected feedback since the early stages of the project. The beta version of the Myhelsinki.fi service, released in the summer, has been well received and the service is still being developed with focus on the user experiences, says Tia Hallanoro, Marketing Communications Director at Helsinki Marketing.The city has also wanted to actively utilise the knowledge and experiences of the residents in some of the biggest construction projects in the history of the city in Kalasatama, Pasila, Jtksaari and Kruunuvuori. Helsinki's 3D city data models can also be utilised in different kinds of city planning projects, both in Helsinki's own projects and in projects of other actors.""The goal is to make a better and more functional city together with our residents. Besides planning and technology, essential solutions are often offered by the users themselves"", notes Deputy Mayor Anni Sinnemki. "
Background informationThe City of Helsinki has implemented design thinking in its development work for more than ten years. Since Helsinki's Design Capital year in 2012 design thinking has been extended to concern all citizens and user-oriented service design has been applied to more than 200 projects. Helsinki utilises design on a strategic level and one example of that is the appointment of Chief Design Officer Anne Stenros in 2016. 
  The commissioning of the West Metro has proceeded to the stage in which Helsinki City Transport HKL has been able to start its preparations for the commencement of Metro service. The commissioning is currently proceeding on plan. It is estimated that service to the terminal station in Matinkyl could commence no earlier than the end of September.
The Helsinki City Rescue Department authorized the West Metro construction company Lnsimetro Oy on 4 September to hand the Koivusaari and Lauttasaari Metro stations over to HKL for the preparations. The Lnsi-Uusimaa Rescue Department gave a corresponding go-ahead for the six stations in Espoo on 31 August. The control room systems handed over to HKL have been tested, and it is estimated that they can be fully commissioned during the week of 11 September.HKLs Herttoniemi control room will control the West Metro operations as well as controlling the current Metro operations. The control room (a total of 10 systems) will control all 52 systems of the West Metro, passenger safety, the Metro traffic and maintenance operations. These systems control approximately 50,000 devices and approximately 27,000 scheduled annual maintenance operations and checks.The control room systems comprise property surveillance, HEVAC and plumbing systems, an electrical system, power supply control, a camera system, a public announcement system, a key management system, access control, an emergency telephone system and a fire detection system. These systems are complemented by a Metro train traffic control system. The systems can be switched on at various stages of commissioning in accordance with instructions from rescue departments and other authorities.
The West Metro commissioning is one of the largest construction project handovers in Finnish history. The handover has proceeded from tests and audits by various authorities to the commissioning stage, after which HKL can launch service. The service launch date will be decided on by Helsinki Region Transport HSL once the preparations period has been determined by HKL. The progress of the commissioning will be announced every Friday.The West Metro is an extension of the Helsinki Metro system to the west from the Ruoholahti Metro station to Matinkyl in Espoo. The West Metro comprises two stations in Helsinki and six stations in Espoo.
  The Myllri resident centre and the Helsinki Finnish Adult Education Centre are conducting a joint project to gather stories on the eastern Helsinki district of Myllypuro. The Finnish Adult Education Centre offers a course focusing on stories about Myllypuro. The course title translates into English as Myllypuro in Stories: Stories from Eastern Helsinki. The course documents the district in audio recordings and on video.
Personal stories of Myllypuro residents will be compiled into short films. The same material will be edited into a fictional audio programme for the internet and radio. Episodes of the programme will be published on YouTube, Facebook, the Myllypuro district website http://myllypuro.fi/, the Lhiradio local radio channels broadcasts and website as well as the Finnish Adult Education Centre website. The City of Helsinki s Helsinki-kanava portal will webcast selected episodes.The programme producers and course instructors are producer and director Veikko Hiiri and Myllris cultural programme producer Jouni Nurminen.The producers welcome children, young people and adults of all ages enthusiastic about life in Myllypuro to be interviewed and filmed for the programme.The Finnish Adult Education Centre welcomes students, young adults and working adults to join the course as programme makers.For further information and enrolment, call +358 (0)9 3108 8610 or go the course listings and online enrolment site at https://ilmonet.fi/#en. Note: search the course by its Finnish title Tarinoiden Myllypuro or by course code H175310.
Helsinki Design Week spreads around the city and features more than 250 events between 7 and 17 September 2017. During the Helsinki Design Week 717 September The City of Helsinki's development activities can be seen and experienced in the open exhibition space at the City Hall.
Design, digitality and dialogue with people build everyday Helsinki
Organized for the 13th time, the largest design festival in the Nordic countries brings more than 250 events targeted at design enthusiasts and professionals to Helsinki. Following this years theme Q&A, well experience various installations, tram discussions and an international design seminar, DesignCommons.Helsinki + Digitalisation + Design = The city shaped by people. Experiment with the digital services of Helsinki in an exhibition on 7.-17.9.2017 or come to a hands-on workshop to develop a new, digital Helsinki at the City Hall. Read more
International design starsHelsinki Design Week 2017 is to launch the DesignCommons seminar that allows the audience to have dinner and discuss with international design stars. The first published speakers include iconic architect Winy Maas, technology entrepreneur with a Nokia background Marko Ahtisaari, landscape architect Cees van der Veeken and Studio Swine consisting of architect Azusa Murakami and British artist Alexander Groves.Installations and tram rides
 The HDW HOP installations that proved so popular last year are making a return and bringing six new items to the Helsinki city centre. The installation series consists of works by Finnish and international designers and architects and focuses on the theme of a developing city. The opening of the installations will be celebrated by a citizens parade on 7 September.Online medium Helsinki Design Weekly becomes part of the festival through Q&A-themed discussions on the tram. A tram dedicatedto culture will transform into an after-work design ride that tours the districts of Helsinki.Familiar favouritesAt HDW 2017, well meet some popular favourites from previous years, including the largest stock sale in the Nordics, Design Market, HDW Kids Weekend, an event for the whole family, a startling keynote event i.e. the PechaKucha Night, Open Studios presenting creative work spaces, and last years highly popular Design Diplomacy that will again open the doors of ambassadors residencies in Helsinki. As part of the Habitare trade fair, well offer a Showroom event for professionals and a Habi Kids area for children.In addition, the programme features more than 150 events by independent organizers, filling the streets, galleries, stores and museums with architecture, fashion and urban design. Well be hearing discussions, seeing fashion shows, witnessing launches and enjoying parties. Read more:Helsinki Design WeekProgramme
"The City of Helsinki invited all adult citizens who acquired a Finnish citizenship during the year 2016 to a citizenship party held in Musiikkitalo today, on 5 September. The citizenship party was organised for the first time in Helsinki now during the Finland 100 jubilee year. Mayor Jan Vapaavuori functioned as host and opening speaker of the event.The citizenship party is one way of strengthening an active citizenship, which Helsinki strives to do with the help of a new inclusivity and interaction model.""We want to consciously build a better Helsinki together. We want to bring in the expertise and competence of the citizens and the communities on all levels when developing the functions and services of the City of Helsinki,"" Mayor Vapaavuori emphasised in his speech.Vapaavuori also reminded the participants of the internationality of Helsinki.""When we speak of new Finnish citizens and immigrants, it is important to remember that it is not a new phenomenon we are talking about. Helsinki has never been a city of one nationality  it has always been international. In the beginning of the 20th century, ten percent of Helsinki's citizens spoke another language than Finnish and Swedish. Now the corresponding number is 15 percent.""The programme also included a speech by Luay Helal, who acquired Finnish citizenship last October.""Citizenship is valuable, because Finland has worked and is continuing to work towards making the country better in all areas of life. Finland means safety, freedom, equality, democracy, the best possibilities for education and upbringing as well as many other good things,"" Helal said.Helal also brought up the significance of getting to know backgrounds. ""Everyone, who is doing good things, is valuable. I wish people would be more interested in each other and learn to know each other."" The citizenship party began with coffee service, and besides speeches, the programme included music and dance performances. A total of about 1,500 new citizens were invited, and about 150 of them registered and came to the event. At corresponding established events around the world, about 20 percent of the invited guests register.Marttaliitto's Secretary General Marianne Heikkil was the presenter at the festivities."
"The City of Helsinki's enterprise agency NewCo Helsinki has created the online publication Immigrant Entrepreneurs  How to become an entrepreneur in Finland? for immigrants who are considering starting up a business in Finland. At the same time, it is a service for people living abroad who are thinking of starting up a business in Helsinki or elsewhere in Finland. The goal of the publication is, among other things, to guide future entrepreneurs in licence matters as well as to assist business advisers and others working with these issues as part of their daily advisory work. The service path for entrepreneurial enthusiasm and know-how, provided for by the publication, guarantees entrepreneurs with immigrant backgrounds the best possible premises for succeeding.""When it comes to coverage, the publication is the first of its kind in Finland. Our goal was to assemble the fragmentary information and different laws concerning licensing and authoritative issues in order to help immigrant entrepreneurs in the start-up process,"" Toivo Utso, Head of Services, states.As the economic structure and the job market goes through substantial changes, entrepreneurship is an increasingly vital pathway to employment. This also concerns immigrants. Immigrants are already starting up businesses on a more frequent basis than the rest of the population, especially in the Helsinki metropolitan area. The new online publication also caters for those looking to be entrepreneurs in other parts of Finland. The publication brings up the opportunities for starting up different forms of businesses, depending on the person's country of origin and current place of residence. Additionally, the publication summarises the legal obligations of an entrepreneur and gives practical tips for succeeding with the business.""We have strived for taking all the different alternatives and situations in life into consideration so that everyone will be able to find the most suitable way of moving forward,"" Utso says. The publication is now available online in Finnish and English. The online publication is updated continually according to legislative amendments.Alongside the publication, an electronic online tool will also be created. The tool will help anyone wanting to come to Finland as an entrepreneur to easily find the right steps of action."
The City of Helsinki has invited all adult citizens who acquired a Finnish citizenship during the year 2016 to a citizenship party held on 5 September. The event is organised at Musiikkitalo at 17.30. A total of about 1,500 new citizens were invited. The citizenship party is organised for the first time in Helsinki during the Finland 100 jubilee year. Mayor Jan Vapaavuori will function as host and opening speaker of the event. Finlands centenary year is a celebration that includes all Finns  something that is already revealed by the project's slogan, Together. We are continuously creating new kinds of traditions and ways of meeting each other in this country. This year, in particular, is a good time for organising the first citizenship party, Mayor Vapaavuori states.
New citizens are important for Finland. The citizenship party is one way of strengthening an active citizenship, which Helsinki strives to do with the help of a new inclusivity and interaction model. We are building a better and more international Helsinki together. Alongside developing the city's functions and services, we want to bring in the expertise and competence of both old and new citizens, Vapaavuori says.
The citizenship party starts with coffee service, and besides speeches, the programme includes music and dance performances. Marttaliitto's General Secretary Marianne Heikkil will be the presenter at the festivities. The guests will also get to hear a speech by a new citizen. The invitations to the citizenship party were mailed on 1 August and the registration deadline is on Tuesday 22 August. 
More informationThe guests can contact the City Executive Office in questions concerning invitations and the event by e-mailing the address asukasyhteistyo(at)hel.fi or by calling the number 09 310 11112.
The Embassy of France, the French Institute and the City of Helsinki are organising a conference which examines and sheds light on the impact of digitalisation on cities.
The Big Data and Smart & Sustainable Cities Conference is part of a series of four public conferences, organised by the French diplomatic missions in the Nordic countries in 2017. More specifically, the organisers of the conference series are the Embassy of France and the French Institutes in Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Finland, and the theme of the series is Big Data. The conference will welcome several top-class experts and stakeholders from France and Finland: researchers, companies, associations and city representatives. The Big Data and Smart & Sustainable Cities Conference is held at the Banquet Room of the Helsinki City Hall on Tuesday 5 September 2017 at 16.0019.30. The event is open to the public, but registration is required at the organiser's own website.The conference programme
Some women giving birth at Womens Hospital and their companions will soon be able to move from the ward to a nearby patient hotel. The patient hotel will open in October.The Hospital District of Helsinki and Uusimaa HUS has leased one floor at the Cumulus hotel in Meilahti and dedicates it to healthy mothers and their healthy newborns if the pregnancy and birth were normal. Mothers and newborns are monitored at the maternity ward for about 6 hours after the birth before they can move to the hotel.
The patient hotel is committed to the Baby Friendly Hospital Initiative of the World Health Organization and UNICEF, which is aimed at promoting, protecting and supporting the nursing of babies. The hotel is a peaceful environment in which mothers and their partners can learn to know their newborns. Parents look after newborns by themselves.Nurses are present at the patient hotel 24 hours. As needed, they instruct, guide and assist families several times before the families go home. A pediatrician examines the baby at the patient hotel before the family leaves. Hotel stays average 12 days.Patient hotel prices have not yet been determined, but they will be approximately the same as the price of care at the inpatient ward. The mothers husband, partner or support person can also stay in the room.HUS will be leasing about 20 rooms at the hotel.HUS
Art created by citizens of Helsinki will be displayed on former add space at ten Helsinki Metro stations from 2 September onwards. More than 200 current and future Helsinki residents have explored the theme of empathy with diverse techniques in workshops under the guidance of artists.The art will be displayed on 400 large panels behind the tracks at the stations of Ruoholahti, Kamppi, Railway Station, University of Helsinki, Hakaniemi, Srninen, Herttoniemi, Itkeskus, Kontula and Mellunmki.The artworks explore empathy from various points of view, utilizing many techniques including photography, comics, graphics, mixed techniques, video and sound.The opening ceremony of the exhibition takes place on 2 September, 1314, at the indoor mezzanine-level plaza leading to the escalators of the Railway Station Metro station. The programme includes live music. The event at the plaza is free and open to everybody, but a valid ticket is required to enter the Metro station to view the art.The art will be on display from 2 September until the spring of 2018.Helsinki citizens art project on Twitter: #olehyvhelsinki 
Art project on Facebook and Instagram
My Helsinki website
  Helsinki City Transport HKL and Helsinki Region Transport HSL are improving the City Bikes bike-share service by making it easier to report problems. The information poles at bike docking stations now carry instructions for making fault reports, as well as the QR code, URL and station code needed to file a report.The QR code can be read by a mobile device with a camera, such as a smart phone or a tablet. To read the code, a QR reader should be installed in the device. The reader can be downloaded free of charge from the internet or the devices own app store. The QR code opens the fault report form. Alternatively, you can access the form by your internet browser: first go to http://hsl-bikes.louhin.com/, then fill in the station code that you can find on the information pole.Fault reports can be filed about problems with bikes, docking stations and registration. A fault report is filed by making selections from an easy-to-use menu. With a few clicks, the report is recorded in the system of CityBike Finland, the bike-share programme provider. CityBike Finland does not reply to fault reports and only focuses on repairing faults.A fault report is a fast way of telling us about problems. Naturally, all former feedback channels can still be used, says Tarja
Jskelinen, HSLs leading customer-service programme planner.Those who choose to be served in person can contact the City Bikes customer service either by phone at 09-4257 8810 or by email to contact@citybikefinland.fi. The telephone service is open MondayFriday 719 and SaturdaySunday 917. You can also contact the HSL customer service.Whenever we introduce new features, we receive a great deal of customer feedback, which we use to improve the service and features, says HKL project manager Samuli Mkinen. The easy-to-use system to report problems enables us to react to problems without delay and to ensure that the bike-share system keeps improving.Helsinkis City Bikes bike-share service is highly popular. The number of customers registered for the entire season now exceeds 33,000, and each bike is used on average 810 times a day.Read more:Citybikes
  Helsinki is one of ten finalist for the European Innovation Capital (iCapital) Award. iCapital is a competition held roughly biennially by the European Commission for the purpose of finding the best urban innovation ecosystems in Europe. The earlier winners of the contest have been Amsterdam (2015) and Barcelona (2014).Helsinki practices innovation-friendliness in
many different ways
Helsinki profiles itself as an innovation city through innovation platforms of its own such as Smart Kalasatama and experiments with artificial intelligence in road traffic. Other collaboration networks and cooperation projects, too, such as Smart & Clean, the Kaupunkiakatemia City Akademy, Helsinki Think Company, Health Capital Helsinki and Merit, bear witness of the citys strong innovation ecosystem. Graphic design is also something that Helsinki uses cross-sectionally and efficiently, and the city harbours a strong culture of creative commons and business start-ups.Innovations are both technology and inclusion
Innovations, however, are not just a matter of technology. They also have social dimensions, and inclusion and civic participation play important roles. These are crucial themes in the City Strategy of Helsinki.The other finalists are Aarhus, Berlin, Copenhagen, Nice, Paris, Tallinn, Tampere, Tel Aviv and Toulouse. The winner city will be chosen in November 2017 in Lisbon and will receive a 1 million award to build on its innovation system.Inquiries:Iina Oilinki, Leading Expert, City of Helsinki, Economic Development Division +358 9310 23116, iina.oilinki@hel.fi More details on the iCapital award: https://ec.europa.eu/research/prizes/icapital/index.cfm
The temporary detour arrangements on the Itvyl highway and Hermannin rantatie required by construction work at the Redi site at Kalasatama, will be removed on 1 September from 23.45 p.m. All vehicle traffic travelling on Itvyl will begin to travel along Itvyl, restored to its former location, and Hermannin rantatie will be opened to traffic. With the removal of the detour arrangements, vehicle traffic travelling from the city centre and Pasila will return to its former location along Itvyl, and Hermannin rantatie will again be open to traffic travelling towards the city centre and the north (in the direction of Lahti).There will also be changes to bus stops in the Kalasatama area. Information on these changes can be found, for example, on the Helsinki Regional Transport (HSL) website.The cycling and pedestrian routes running from the Kulosaari bridge to southern and northern parts of Kalasatama will remain as now until spring 2018. Changes may be made to cycling and pedestrian routes due to intense construction activity at Kalasatama.The Itvyl highway will run in a covered space at the Redi construction site in Kalasatama. During the autumn, traffic may be stopped at the site now and then to due construction work, but the interruptions will be short. Maps showing the traffic arrangements can be found on the SRV website, at the address:
"The City of Helsinki is renewing its services through utilising digitalisation. With digitalisation, securing the privacy of the citizens is a central question, since different data reserves, such as personal data, are utilised in digital services.""When renewing services, the wider benefits of digitalisation can only be accessed if the citizens can trust that their privacy is protected in the web services. The City of Helsinki has committed to securing privacy and furthering the implementation of the MyData principle in public services,"" Markku Raitio at the Helsinki City Executive Office says. The MyData principle refers to the possibility of managing one's own data in digital services and to the way in which this data is utilised and further shared for different purposes.The EU's future privacy protection policies set new requirements for processing personal data. Through MyData solutions, the city is looking for ways in which the citizens can access data concerning themselves with maximum ease in the way that is intended in the data protection regulation.The City of Helsinki already looked into utilising MyData in the development of its services in 2016. In the account, the sources of the city's personal data reserves were surveyed and concepts for how to try out MyData solutions in the future were presented.The ground rules for managing and utilising personal data are being developed in international networks. Along with numerous actors in the field, Helsinki is participating in the MyData 2017 conference that takes place in Helsinki and Tallinn from 30 August to 1 September and focuses on seeking solutions for the implementation of MyData principles.Read more:https://mydata2017.org/"
"Vice-mayor Wang Ning of Beijing is currently visiting Helsinki. On Tuesday evening 29 August, Wang and Mayor Jan Vapaavuori discussed the main topics of the cities' cooperation. Deputy Mayor Nasima Razmyar and Wang signed an Action Plan that extends until 2019 and will intensify the relations between the cities.The sister-city relationship between the City of Helsinki and the City of Beijing was forged in 2006 and, over the years, it has generated a series of events and fruitful cooperation especially relating to education, culture and business promotion. The central theme of the Action Plan that was signed is cooperation relating to winter sports, education, culture, design and start-up activities. ""Helsinki wants to be an increasingly international city, and it is in our interests to form partnerships in different parts of the world. There are several directions in which Helsinki and Beijing can expand the cooperation further in the near future. For example, the Winter Olympic Games that Beijing is going to host in 2022 will offer Finnish professionals in the field of winter sports many opportunities for cooperation,"" Mayor Vapaavuori states.After the signing, the City offered the guests dinner. The dinner guests were, amongst others, the Ambassador of China, Chen Li, the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Employment, Jari Gustafsson, the Chief Secretary of the Ministry of Education and Culture, Anita Lehikoinen, as well as the Deputy Mayor of the City of Helsinki, Nasima Razmyar, and the Director of Economic Development of the City of Helsinki, Marja-Leena Rinkineva.""We want to utilise city relations also in order to advance industrial policy objectives such as tourism and business cooperation. In this respect, Beijing is our most central city partner,"" Rinkineva says.The topic of discussion during the evening was the cities' future cooperation projects and, among other things, the World Tourism Cities Federation (WTCF), an organization promoting tourism. The WTCF was founded by the City of Beijing, and Helsinki is planning to apply for the chance to host its annual Summit in 2019. Other economic cooperation themes that came up were winter sports, the Startup Exchange cooperation deal that was made last year, the strong growth in tourism from China to Helsinki, and design cooperation in Unesco's Creative Cities Network, a network which both cities are part of.During the meeting, the cities' common goal of expanding the next Chinese new year's event in Helsinki was also discussed. The event will take place in February 2018. Alongside the cultural programme, a business promotion event is being planned. This event would bring Chinese companies and decision-makers to Helsinki, and open up more possibilities for cooperation in, among other things, winter sports, education and cooperation between companies from both cities.The Chinese new years event has been organised in Helsinki since 2007, and it has become very popular among the citizens of Helsinki. Our goal is to expand and further develop the event together with the City of Beijing, Deputy Mayor Nasima Razmyar says."
Vice-mayor Wang Ning arrived with his delegation of six to Helsinki on Monday evening 28 August, and the visiting programme continues until Wednesday evening 30 August.
City of Helsinki utility vehicles and maintenance machines collect a great deal of data from their operations and locations. A challenge announced by the City construction and maintenance services provider Stara  StreetReboot  invites coders to use the raw data produced by utility vehicles and machines to develop new knowledge, services, service concepts and business models. Cities produce a great deal of big data as by-products of their routine operations. They have awoken to the opportunities offered by this data. The StreetReboot challenge is a part of a bigger effort to build up Helsinki as a Smart City. The City of Helsinki strives to use big data not only to produce better services but to create platforms for enterprises to develop new products and services.The challenge is one of the first moves to invite data experts to utilize the Citys valuable data reserves. It represents a new type of collaboration that offers enterprises opportunities to create new business.The challenge gives coders access to data produced by the City utility vehicles and maintenance machines. Stara has installed sensors on more than 20 vehicles and machines, and more data is collected with mobile applications used by operators. Accurate data on the condition and location of each vehicle and machine promotes operational efficiency.Stara invites teams of 23 members to join the challenge  data scientists, IoT experts, software developers, service designers and startups. Applications are accepted through 8 September. Eight teams will be selected to acquaint themselves in Stara operations and to participate in a two-day hackathon 67 October. The teams will compete for pilot projects worth 20,000 euros. The StreetReboot challenge is part of a two-year big data project supported by the European Regional Development Fund to develop the urban environment, traffic and transport with the help of urban big data as an innovation platform to create new services and business. The partners in the project are the municipal enterprise Stara, the City of Tampere and the University of Tamperes Research and Education Centre Synergos. The partners use the project to promote the utilization of big data in cooperation with enterprises and the wider developer community. The project is related to the Six City Strategy (6Aika), in which the six largest cities of Finland promote data-driven management and the development of open and smart services with the help of big data.More:
StreetReboot challenge
City of Helsinki comprehensive schools and general upper secondary schools are in the process of naming candidates to their school boards. A new four-year term of the boards will start at the beginning of October. The Citys Education division seeks to engage both students and parents in operational development. Division Director Liisa Pohjolainen encourages parents to join school boards. A school board is an excellent arena to impact school operations and development, she says, and a school board is a good vantage point to the school world and the future.School boards have an important mission. They oversee the development of instruction and education, make sure that the operations are supported and advance cooperation between schools and homes. School board work is rewarding and exciting
Parents now have an outstanding chance to participate and have an impact, asserts Minna Autere, herself a school board veteran.Autere says that school board work is truly rewarding and exciting. Board members can promote cooperation between the school and homes, they see what the everyday life at schools and the challenges are like, and they can have an impact and network. They are familiarized with digital learning and other matters of the school world. Board members also receive training.Autere has served on the Malmi Comprehensive School board as a representative of parents and guardians for eight years, that is, for two terms. She has also been a member of the school parents association. She will no longer stand for re-election, as the younger of her two children will be finishing comprehensive school.Collaboration among all different parties on the board has been smooth, even when we have dealt with challenging questions, she assures.School boards have diverse membersA school board has 710 members, and every member has a personal alternate. The majority of board members are parents and guardians. The members also include teachers, representatives of other school staff and students. Issues are introduced to a board by the principal.The Finnish sub-committee of the City of Helsinki Education Committee will name new school board members on 26 September and Swedish sub-committee on 28 September.
"European Social Funds article about Ohjaamo Helsinki.A new chain of advice centres has been developed across Finland  and it's already changing the way that services all over the country work with young people. Ohjaamo centres are ""one-stop guidance shops for people under the age of 30. The Ohjaamo centre in Helsinki is co-founded by five City of Helsinki government departments and the Uusimaa regional Public Employment Services. Developed based on experiences from a previous ESF-funded project, Ohjaamo focuses on employment and career guidance, but also offers advice about everything from finances to health and relationships. The centres employ around 30 specialists, including study advisors, job coaches, business coordinators, health care and social workers, offering one-to-one and group counselling. They operate a drop-in service during the day, as well as organising events and activities such as ""speed-dating"" with employers, and inspirational talks from professional mentors.The ""one-stop"" approach has already proven to be very successful. In the first 18 months of operation, Ohjaamo Helsinki saw more than 6,000 young people through their doors, and by the end of 2016, nearly 40 centres were operating in different parts of Finland.Ohjaamo does not only benefit the young people it advises for the professionals involved, it has created a new way of working. Because the centres are client-led, the agencies involved are sharing more data, creating new networks and co-ordinating their services in a way that benefits everyone."
The last weekend of August celebrates the Together theme of the Finland 100 events that mark the centenary of Finnish independence: 2527 August, Helsinki as well as the rest of Finland and other places in the world celebrate the Together weekend. Come join the party! Lets culminate the Finland 100 summer of events together.The fascinating Secret Garden of Helsinki Festival blooms at Senate Square on the Night of the Arts on Thursday, 24 August, as well as Friday, 25 August. Garden gates open at 16:30 on Thursday.The green oasis that will fill the square brings to Helsinki some of the spirit of historical gardens, an inviting picnic atmosphere and a hint of the secrecy of summer romances. The garden promises to treat visitors with many things to wonder at, to do, to enjoy and to explore, with exciting stories and surprises for the whole family. The Secret Garden has been produced with open and free workshops that have created flower arrangements for the garden. Read more.As a part of the Helsinki Festival programme, a special production of Suomalainen Messu (Finnish Mass) composed by Lasse Heikkil for orchestra and choir is performed at Senate Square on 26 August, starting at 19:00. The length of the performance is about 90 minutes, and admission is free.The mass explores several phases of Finnish history from the time of independence. The music echoes many genres of Finnish folk music. The mass also transports the audience to Finnish nature and the countrys four seasons through a multimedia presentation.The special production of Finnish Mass emphasizes the centenary years Together theme and connections over generations. The grand choir comprises singers of different ages from 100 choirs. The orchestra has 100 members and 100 handbells. Many singers and musicians come from Estonia and Sweden.The grand choir and orchestra are joined by dance group Valkia and soloists Ida Elina, Jippu, Viktor Klimenko and Mika Karola. The final words are spoken by Bishop emeritus Eero Huovinen. The audience can also view old cars from the time of Finnish independence parked on streets at Senate Square.To celebrate the centenary of independence, Helsinkis highly popular concept of dining under the open sky expands into a national Finland 100 dinner party on 26 August. The evening picnic party on Helsinkis Esplanade will be the biggest dinner party under the open sky so far, enlivened by a surprise programme of entertainment.The event also expands beyond Finnish borders. Anybody anywhere in the world can join the event by organizing their own Finnish Your Dinner party. Finland 100 dinner parties are organized in Ethiopia, Argentina and Indonesia, among other countries. To mark the Together weekend, many Government buildings open their doors to the public. Open houses are held on 26 August, 1014, at the Government Palace, House of the Estates, Government Banquet Hall and Arppeanum.The public can also visit the Ministry for Foreign Affairs, Ministry of the Interior and Ministry of Justice and be briefed by ministry officials about the operations, the buildings and current affairs.Open houses on similar scale were previously held in the autumn of 2009, when Finland celebrated the bicentenary of self-governance.The Finnish Nature Day is celebrated in Finnish national parks and on the Finnish coastline on 26 August. Finland becomes the first country in the world to celebrate nature with an official flag day.The Helsinki islands of Suomenlinna, Lonna and Vallisaari mark the day with a festival of light, Islands of Lights, on 26 August, 1823. The August night is celebrated under the theme of ancient fires of night, with picnics illuminated by lanterns and headlamps, and with choirs singing. The night reaches its peak when shining moons rise above Vallisaari, Suomenlinna and Lonna to illuminate their unique landscapes. Read more.Helsinki City Museums Songs of Independence, Espa Stage, 26 August, 1819:30. See more.
  Police Day family event in the Esplanade park, 26 August, 1115. See more.
  Culmination of Kaisa Salmis #tekoja communal and participatory artwork and panel discussion at the Kamppi central square on the afternoon of 26 August. See more.
  Espoo Day with a long list of events 2527 August. See more.
  Cultural Circle @ Kehrata, music performances and art happenings at circle line rail stations in Helsinki and Vantaa, 26 August. See more.Read more:
  Together weekend
Helsinki schools will be serving increasingly tasty and protein-rich vegetarian meals starting this autumn. The City of Helsinki Education division and Service Centre Food Services have developed vegetarian foods together with school children and students, and new vegetarian foods will be included in school menus. Vegetarian choices have been included in the daily menus of Helsinki schools since 2007, and in 2010 the City Council decided that only vegetarian food would be served on one day of the week. The development of vegetarian foods for schools has been carried out with food panels. Such panels were held in the spring of 2017 at Helsinki comprehensive schools, general upper secondary schools and vocational schools, in order that school children and students, as well as teachers, could participate in the development. Our goal was to allow students truly to join in the development of vegetarian foods and to ensure that they will in the future be served tasty, appealing and increasingly versatile vegetarian foods, says Airi Rintamki, who manages food services at the City of Helsinki Education division.The panels evaluated foods in terms of taste, texture and appearance on a scale from 1 to 5, provided feedback and suggested single foods to be added to menus or to be deleted. Vegetarian foods were developed on the basis of the feedback before they were included in school menus for the autumn term.Schools menus now include soya bolognese-tomato pizza, noodle-Quorn stir fry and cauliflower-cheese croquettes. It has been a pleasure to plan menus and menu items on the basis of evaluations by children and students, comments product planner Eija Grundstrm of Service Centre.Every child and student in Finnish preschools, comprehensive schools, general upper secondary schools and vocational schools receives a free meal at school. Finland was the first country in the world to enact a law on free school meals: the law was passed in Finland in 1943 and took effect in 1948. Helsinki primary schools started serving free meals as early as 1943.Helsinki school menus (in Finnish)
The Night of the Arts is celebrated as part of the Helsinki Festival for the 29th time on Thursday 24 August.
The secret garden transforms the Senate Square with gigantic harebells into an oasis of surprises. Explore, wonder and try the temptations of culture in a picnic mood  evening snacks without stomach aches.
Around the garden, the visitors may run into, for example, human statues, vogue dancers, poets and the crickets' string quartet or end up next to flowers from Anu Pentik's Paradise.
In the evening lights, the square invites visitors to dance to the rhythms of DJ Vilunki and Timo Kaukolampi. Finally, K-X-P's hypnotising electronic sounds wrap up the memories of the garden into a take-away package.
The event is free of charge. The event will be held from 4:00 to 11:30 PM and on Friday 25 August from 9 AM to 3:00 PM. The programme for the Night of the Arts will be spread out over Helsinki and some 300 events have been registered. The number of events is still growing. It is possible to register for the programme for free until 23 August. The Night of the Arts website has a compilation of route suggestions for a night walk. Using them, it is also possible to establish your own suitable road map. The events and the arts map that is being formed during the evening can be followed with the Night of the Arts mobile app.
  #taiteideny #salainenpuutarha #juhlaviikotFurther information:
  www.helsinginjuhlaviikot.fi/taiteidenyo/en/
www.facebook.com/taiteidenyohelsinki
www.facebook.com/juhlaviikot 
Callswon't connectat the moment due the problem with our service number. We are sorry for the resulting disturbance.
The invoicing and financial services number 09 310 25300 is open from 9 am to 3 pm.You can also reach us via elecktronical form http://www.hel.fi/www/talpa/en/feedback/feedback/ and via email: talpa.asiakasmaksulaskutus@hel.fi.Please note, that the service number 09 25300 only can help with the inquiries concerning the invoice. Inquiries concerning the service received should be directed to the unit or the department > Contact information.
The NASA Europa Challenge application competition, which is being held in Finland for the first time, has reached its final stretch. For the final, the judges selected eleven teams whose applications promote sustainable development and improve the quality of life with the help of the NASA World Wind platform and open satellite data. Winner to be announced August 31.
NASA searches for the most imaginative applications in Helsinki  satellite data to be harnessed to aid sustainable development.
The teams competing in the final have developed applications for monitoring the weather and environmental conditions, for example. AWARE Algo Wildfire Analysis & pREdiction (team from the United Kingdom) enhances the prediction of wildfires, Smart Pollen Monitor (Germany) helps people with allergies to avoid the allergic pollen, World Weather (Jordan and Finland) presents weather data in 4D form, and Agro Sphere (USA) visualises the effects of climate change.
Other applications in the final aim to develop agriculture and the sustainable use of natural resources. Satellio Berry Monitor (Finland) helps to find and share good places for picking berries and mushrooms, Farmate (Finland) optimises the irrigation of fields, and Drone Trek (Finland) utilises drone technology in monitoring the quality of water.
Some applications function in the urban areas. 3D Open Street Map (Italy) develops three-dimensional city maps, Festapp (Finland) makes it easier to find interesting events, and Perfekt City (Finland) shows historical data of how a city has developed, and gives also an estimation of how it might develop in the future. In addition to these, MuViAS: Multi Dimension Viz & Analysis Suite (Italy) enables the visualisation of multi-dimensional documents.
This year, we have new, interesting ideas in the competition. Im sure, several of these applications will become successful in the future, says Jaan Praks, Assistant Professor in space technology at Aalto University and a member of the panel of judges.This year the NASA Europa Challenge aims at developing living conditions in metropolitan areas. Picking Finland as a venue for the competition was a suitable choice. The space boom has given rise to numerous start-ups in our country, and the European Space Agency ESA has chosen Finland as the new home of its space accelerator.
And Helsinki is known around the world as one of the best cities to live in, Jaan Praks observes.
The teams of finalists will be invited for mentoring at workshops that will be held at the Otaniemi Campus of Aalto University on 29-30 August. The winner of the competition will be announced on 31 August at an event to be held at the Nokia Executive Learning Center (Espoo) starting at 1:00 PM. The winners will be granted a prize of 6,000 euros. The ceremony is open to everybody interested. Read more: Finals Day ScheduleNASA Europa Challenge
The Finnish Local Heritage Federation has designated Vuosaari of Helsinki as the District of the Year. Above all, the award was earned for Vuosaari by citizen activity. Vuosaari was chosen from among 90 city districts in Finland and 171 proposals.Vuosaari has emerged especially in the 2000s as a district with new types of nature movements, many cultures and a relatively young population. Its a lively district that can have some rough edges, too, as well as a district with traditional and active societies, says Tuula Salo, jury chair and a member of the Finnish Local Heritage Federation board.The jury cited as reasons for the award the active local cooperation between residents and enterprises such as the Vuosaari Harbour, good networks, many easy-to-reach social media channels, and the first and developing home district routes of Vuosaari.Local resident organizations include the Vuosaari Society, Vuosaari Committee and Vuosaari Foundation, whose long-term development efforts and cooperation with the City of Helsinki have produced good results for years.Vuosaari represents the maritime Helsinki at its best, and it is a fine example of a dynamic and multicultural district even by international standards, says Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.What then makes Vuosaari the District of the Year? Vapaavuori continues, elaborating, Definitely the magnificently active Vuosaari residents, who brim with love for their home district and pride in their local identity. The dynamism of the flourishing Vuosaari comes above all from joining forces and boldly experimenting with new things. I extend my warm congratulations to all people of Vuosaari.Vuosaari (Nordsj in Swedish), located in Eastern Helsinki, is Helsinkis 54th district. It is Helsinkis largest district by land area. With its close to 40,000 residents, Vuosaari represents the multifaceted urban culture of Eastern Helsinki.Vuosaari is a maritime district close to nature. It has also been one of the focal areas of Helsinkis housing development in recent decades. The neighbourhoods of the district are Central Vuosaari, Kallahti, Meri-Rastila, Rastila, Aurinkolahti, Uutela, Niinisaari, the Nordsj Manor and Mustavuori.Vuosaari has a great deal of nature and several recreational areas including those in Uutela, Meri-Rastila, Ramsinniemi, Kallahdenniemi and Mustavuori. The district is home to several nature reserves. The waterfronts of this district, which is surrounded by water on three sides, are mostly reserved for public beaches and other public uses as well as marinas.The residential palette of Vuosaari ranges from urban apartment buildings to cozy single-family homes to new waterfront development to the 1960s city in the forest. The Metro carries commuters swiftly to other parts of Helsinki. A significant role in the district is played by the Vuosaari Harbour, to which the City of Helsinki moved freight harbour operations in 2008.The Finnish Local Heritage Federation has named one Finnish district as District of the Year since 2001. The previous Helsinki districts to win the award are Roihuvuori (2010), Tapanila (2009), Kontula (2006) and Kpyl (2002).Finnish Local Heritage Federation
The University of Helsinkis international Helsinki Summer School (HSS) offers high-level academic courses at Masters and post-graduate levels to both international and Finnish students.The three-week programme 824 August 2017 is attended by more than 260 students representing 59 nationalities. The current programme is the 17th Helsinki Summer School.Helsinki cultural services manager Stuba Nikula addressed the HSS students at the programme opening event on 8 August.Helsinki Summer School is an effective means to acquaint visiting students with the city and the university, increasing the number of international students seeking degrees in Helsinki. At the same time, HSS creates new ambassadors for Helsinki, as the school is an unforgettable experience for many students, who will cherish the experience for years to come.The excitement is also strengthened by HSS, as the school offers students a social programme as well as instruction. This years HSS social programme included a walking tour of the city on August 9, just after the beginning of the academic programme. The walking tour started from the City Hall, where the guests were welcomed by Deputy Mayor Pia Pakarinen.Helsinki is an appealing city for students, offering top-level instruction and a city full of events and experiences. The University of Helsinki and the City of Helsinki engage in close cooperation and work continuously to boost the citys appeal. The City warmly welcomes all international students, Pakarinen stated in her greeting to the students.More information:
  Helsinki Summer SchoolPhoto: HSS / Helsinki Deputy Mayor Pia Pakarinen greets Helsinki Summer School students at Helsinki City Hall
Helsinki Festival once again fills the city with culture from 17 August to 3 September 2017. The Festival offers dozens of concerts ranging from classical music to balmy nights in the Huvila Festival Tent.During the Night of the Arts on 24 August, Senate Square turns into the Secret Garden.On the first day of the festival, a genuine pearl of Finnish music history will be performed at Helsinki Music Centre for the first time in over 80 years: Vin Raitios Princess Cecilia. The operas leading roles are sung by Johanna Rusanen-Kartano and Mika Pohjonen, among others.
The largest multi-artistic festival in the Nordic countries features the Royal Stockholm Philharmonic Orchestra performing with top soprano Rene Fleming and the rediscovered interludes of the opera The Nose, conducted by Susanna Mlkki. The 100th anniversary of Finlands independence is celebrated with a unique cine-concert. Restored by the National Audiovisual Institute, the documentary film Finlandia (1922) is shown on the big screen once again and accompanied by key pieces of the eras classical music from Erkki Melartin toToivo Kuula and Jean Sibelius.
Visiting Finland for the first time at Helsinki Festival, the Belgian dance theatre group Peeping Tom has gathered a loyal following both at home and abroad with their skilful dance theatre tinted with black humour.
Also coming to Helsinki is the Dublin/London-based Dead Centre with its version of Chekhovs First Play, based on Anton Chekhovs first, unnamed manuscript.
Premieres at Helsinki Festival include Aidatut unelmat (Fenced Dreams), a walking performance zigzagging through the gardens of the Kaarela area by choreographer Sari Palmgren in co-operation with Zodiak  Center for New Dance, and The Artist by circus artist Sanna Silvennoinen and physical comedy mastermind Thomas Monckton.As usual, Huvila Festival Tent is an atmospheric meeting place for different musical genres from around the world, featuring both legends of their trade and young talents. The Huvila stars include the godfather of soul William Bell and the charismatic country legend Lucinda Williams.Daniel Lanoisbrings echoes of Americana to Huvila with his new instrumental album Goodbye to Language. A true pioneer of her trade and the undisputed queen of calypso, Calypso Rose is still going strong.Upcoming rock and singer-songwriter talents at Huvila are represented by the British Sundara Karma, The Unthanks, hailing from the Scottish moors, Laura Groves and the soulful Keren Ann.Cinematic indie landscapes are showcased at Huvila with the cine-concert Menschen am Sonntag with accompaniment by the Icelandic band mm. Nico Muhly, one of the most significant composers of his generation, joins forces with the Faroese singer-songwriter Teitur.Finnish favourites at Huvila include CMX, playing their entire sci-fi epic Talvikuningas, Olavi Uusivirta with his only concert of the summer, Mieskuoro Huutajat, offering a unique all-night screaming experience.Taking over Kunsthalle Helsinki, German artist Julian Rosefeldts Manifesto is an homage to the tradition of artist manifestos. Combining historical texts with modern contexts, the video collages 13 different characters are all played by the Australian movie star Cate Blanchett.The Finnish Museum of Photography presents the retrospective On Being an Angel by the American photographer Francesca Woodman (19581981).How can one person change the world? As part of the Finland 100 anniversary programme, artist Kaisa Salmi's #tekoja invites Finns to acknowledge each other with small acts, even for one day. The summer of doing good culminates on 26 August, when the Helsinki Festival gathers people together to deepen their thoughts about empathy.During the Night of the Arts on 24 August, Senate Square turns into the Secret Garden.Another crowd favourite, A Night of Philosophy returns to Kiasma to explore the relationship between humankind and machines, in the spirit of the ARS17 exhibition.Helsinki Festival ticket salesthrough Ticketmaster Suomi.
Read more:Helsinki FestivalThe Night of ArtsHuvila Festival Tent
Helsinki reached ninth place in The Global Liveability Report 2017 that was published by The Economist today. A total of 140 cities from around the world were compared.Helsinki kept its position from last year, making it the only Nordic country ranked in the top ten.Over 30 factors were compared, including stability, infrastructure, education, healthcare as well as culture and environment.
Melbourne topped the comparison.
More information
The Global Liveability Report 2017
There will be a service break in Asiointi.hel.fi on Wednesday 16th August between 20:00 - 04:00.
  Necessary service operations are being carried out.
  We regret any inconvenience incurred.
  City of Helsinki comprehensive schools will run a pilot project during the current autumn season to test morning activities for school children. The pilots will begin no later than the week of 28 August (week 35).Its magnificent that the City has allocated funds for this activity, rejoices Leena Palve-Kaunisto, who manages the service. Morning activities will be provided in all Finnish- and Swedish-language comprehensive schools that receive any enrolments.Parents should enrol their children in school morning activities through the Wilma web portal. Enrolments through Wilma are currently being tested, and the service will be operational in the week of 28 August.School morning activities are organized for 1st and 2nd graders. 3rd and 4th graders with special needs can also attend. Needs for morning activities arise if the school day of 1st and 2nd graders starts later than 08:30.School morning activities are free of charge. Snacks are not included.It remains to be seen what the demand for the service will be, Palve-Kaunisto points out.
Flexible solutions sought
The school morning-activity pilot project will seek flexible school-specific solutions for the organization of the service.Morning activities can be supervised by special needs assistants, teachers, outside private agents, afternoon-activity service providers and others.
Schools will make a report on their morning activities before the school autumn break with an online questionnaire.The Education Committee approved school morning activities on 28 March 2017. The City Council has allocated 0.5 million euros for the operation during 2017.
"  Equipment is being set up in Tl Bay in August whose potential for breaking up harmful substances in the sediment, such as oil and PAH compounds, will be studied. The method could help avoid extensive dredging in the upgrading of sea sediments.""The method has been in use in land areas, and with its help it has been possible to improve spoiled areas. The equipment produces a weak electric field in the area, which has been shown to accelerate the decay of harmful substances in soil. Now the aim is to ascertain how the method will work in an aquatic environment"", says Iisak Lusua of Eko Harden Technologies Oy. Preliminary investigations carried out in an aquatic environment have also suggested that the equipment could have an inhibiting effect on the internal nutrient input which maintains eutrophication. The purpose of the study at this stage is to ascertain the effects that the method would have specifically on the internal circulation of phosphorus. ""Tl Bay has been selected as the target of the study because it is a eutrophied land-locked bay suitable for the study, and its need for revitalisation is evident. In addition, Tl Bay is in a central location which eases the practical arrangements of the study"", says researcher Emil"
"Vahtera of the environmental services of the City of Helsinki.The active field work will take about a year. Three research rafts will be anchored in Tl Bay for the duration of the study. Conducting the research will not disturb the environment, nor will it require large structures or dredging. When the study is over the rafts and the equipment will be removed from the bay. After this the City of Helsinki will monitor the long-term effects of the method. ""The method for the remediation of sediments has not been tested very often in Finland so far. If this experiment is successful, the method could have a great potential elsewhere as well"", says leading researcher Kirsten Jrgensen of the Finnish Environment Institute."
The research will be carried out as a cooperative effort of two different projects with the City of Helsinki, the Finnish Environment Institute, Eko Harden Technologies Oy and Lamor Corporation Ab participating. The projects are getting funding from Tekes and the EU's H2020 programme and support from a partner, the dock manufacturer Lip-Lap Laituri Oy. The research project is also a commitment project of the Baltic Sea Action Group (BSAG) and the Baltic Sea Challenge. 
Increased tram service to Jtksaari  Vlimerenkatu tram tracks and stops to open on Monday 14 AugustTram services to the growing neighborhood of Jtksaari will improve from 14 August when the new Helsinki tram network is rolled out. At the same time, the new track section on Vlimerenkatu will open.Raitiovaunujen reitit uudistuvat 14.8.2017The tracks on Vlimerenkatu have been built over the summer and the new track section and tram stops will open on schedule. From Monday 14 August, tram 9 will start running along Vlimerenkatu to its new terminus in Saukonpaasi.Two new pairs of stops will be opened on Vlimerenkatu: Vlimerenkatu stops are located by the Malta House and Huutokonttori stops are next to the Tyynenmerenkatu junction.As tram starts running to Saukonpaasi, the West Terminal will be served by a new tram route, 7, running from the West Terminal via the Central Railway Station and Kruununhaka to Pasila station. Betweeen the Central Railway Station and Huutokonttori the tram will use the same route as tram 9 and then continue along Tyynenmerenkatu to the West Terminal.There will be no changes to the routes of trams 8 and 6T in Jtksaari.
Changes outlined for the coming yearsThere will be more changes to the Jtksaari tram routes over the coming years, as the area is further developed. In the early 2020s, new tracks will be built, for example, on Atlantinkatu.Trams 8 and 9 will eventually run from Saukonpaasi along Atlantinkatu to the West Terminal and tram 7 will run from the West Terminal along Atlantinkatu to areas not yet constructed.More information about the changes to the tram network is available at hsl.fi/en/tramroutes2017
  Helsinki welcomes a prestigious group of authors of science fiction and fantasy over five days 913 August, when the Helsinki Expo & Convention Centre hosts the 75th edition of the World Science Fiction Convention  Worldcon. The meeting is only the fourth Worldcon convention ever held in a country where the main language is other than English.
This not-for-profit event is organized with voluntary efforts. Guests of Honour in Helsinki are authorsJohanna Sinisalo,Nalo
HopkinsonandWalter Jon
Williams, comic strip (bande dessine) artistClaire Wendling, and Swedish fan, translator and literary critic
  John-Henri Holmberg. The Science Guest is British mathematician and science fiction and nonfiction writer DrIan Stewart, who is an Honorary Wizard of Terry Pratchetts Unseen University. In addition, the Also Appearing listis packed with the names of many other well-known writers, artists, musicians, editors, publishers, critics, scientists and fans.
  Five days packed with excitementThe main organizer of Worldcon 75,Jukka Halme, expects Worldcon to be a holistic experience for all attendants, saying: People can experience amazing spectacles, create new and international contacts and enjoy the entire spectrum of science fiction and fantasy with old friends and acquaintances. First-time Worldcon visitors should come to the event with an open mind, try out everything and enjoy the international atmosphere.
  Some Worldcon 75 programme items are held at the Pasila city library auditorium. The library programme is free of charge. See admission fees to the Worldcon main event at the Helsinki Expo & Convention Centre (Messukeskus) here.
  Read more:Worldcon 75From Helmet
Three global leaders in mural art will join the UPEA17 urban art festival in Helsinki in September. Australian Fintan Magee, Brazilian Apolo Torres and American Pat Perry will combine their forces and paint a series of vast murals on the sidewalls of three 8-storey buildings at Kontulankaari 11.The UPEA festival, now in its second edition, will see the creation of more than 20 high-quality murals in 14 Finnish cities. The festival is organized by Upeart, a Finnish art association focusing on public art. The Helsinki murals will be one of the biggest series of artworks created during the festival. The chief curator of UPEA17, Jorgos Fanaris, believes that the murals at Kontulankaari will become a tourist attraction for Helsinki, once photos of the murals spread globally through social media.The Kontula murals will challenge viewers with their universal themes. They will deal with the family, growing up, individualism and communal values. Playing with diverse perspectives and varying horizons, the murals will be internationally unique owing to their combination of artists, their size and their themes.Fintan Magee has shaken the art world for a long time with his skillful, portrait-like works that often make statements on social issues. The works of Apolo Torres lend themselves to multiple interpretations, combining the techniques of traditional visual arts, the often surprising nature of street art and the complex approaches of contemporary art. Pat Perrys ingenious art presents his extraordinary, often astonishingly accurate observations about the surrounding world.The UPEA17 urban art festival will create series of artworks on several multi-storey buildings, an artwork covering an entire building, and the tallest mural in all Nordic countries to be created on 50-metre-high industrial silos. Because of its scale, UPEA aspires to join the main urban art events in the world only in its second year. The festival will take place 124 September.The creation of the Kontula murals is made possible by the City of Helsinki cultural and leisure division, the Neighbourhood Project, the City of Helsinki housing corporation Helsingin kaupungin asunnot, the Australian Embassy in Helsinki, Visit Finland, Tikkurila, Taike and dripit.fi.More about UPEA17 urban art festival:FacebookInstragramTwitter
Helsinki City Transport HKL and the railway and tram rolling-stock manufacturer Transtech of Finland celebrate the centenary of Finnish independence and congratulate 100-year-old Finland as an independent nation. The centenary is honoured by HKL and Transtech with an Artic-series tram in regular service carrying jubilee markings until the end of 2017.Year 2017 is a grand jubilee year in Finland, and the public transport services of the Helsinki metropolitan area are part of the overall success story of Finland. The tram carrying jubilee markings disseminates the celebratory message to the general public and honours the jubilee in the Helsinki cityscape, says HKLs acting CEO Yrj Judstrm.
HKL and Transtech have played steady and important roles in the Helsinki metropolitan public transport system for decades. They want to celebrate together their cooperation of more than 60 years as well as the 100-year-old independent Finland.Both passengers and HKL have been satisfied with Helsinkis new tram Artic, which represents the latest technology from Finland. The Artic tram was designed and engineered in Finland, and the trams are manufactured here, says Transtech CEO Lasse Orre, adding, This is an excellent way to celebrate 100 years of Finnish culture together with HKL. 
Artic smart tram of the future arouses international
interestArtic, that is, ForCity
Smart Artictram type, has aroused interest in many tram cities of the world. Transtech, which is a member of koda Transportation Group and the only rolling stock manufacturer in the Nordic countries, will next target Northern and Central European markets with its Finnish mechanical engineering expertise, promoting Finnish high tech. Innovation and customer orientation are questions of honour for Transtech, Mr Orre asserts. Helsinkis ForCity SmartArtic is a first-rate tram car by international standards in terms of both passenger comfort and design. The Smart Tram concept that forms the basis of Artic is developed continuously to be increasingly competitive on the highly demanding European market.
"Today, Finland submitted its application to the EU to host the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in Helsinki. ""Locating the EMA in Helsinki would ensure a smooth transition of the operations and enhance the international competitiveness of entire Finland"" notes Jan Vapaavuori, Mayor of Helsinki. ""I want to thank the Finnish Government for the good cooperation in the application process, which was carried out on an exceptionally tight schedule"""
"Placing the European Medicines Agency in Helsinki would have significant consequences in terms of industrial policy. EMA would strengthen Helsinki's profile as an international cluster of medical, welfare and health technology. It would also increase the visibility of Helsinki. The European Chemicals Agency (ECHA), already located in Finland, and the European Medicines Agency (EMA) would form a significant centre of excellence for the protection of human health. ""Even now, the Helsinki region is among the best places in Europe for research, development and business in health and health technology"", says Jan Vapaavuori. The development of Helsinki's life science ecosystem is strongly supported by Health Capital Helsinki, which is a joint project between the City of Helsinki, the University of Helsinki, the Aalto University and the Hospital District of Helsinki and Uusimaa HUS. The European Medicines Agency would benefit from this project as well.""Finland offers a cost-efficient, logistically adequate and fluent solution for placing the European Medicines Agency in Helsinki. ""The EU and the management and the staff of the Medicines Agency can trust that everything works and that the transition from London to Helsinki is smooth. We have shown this in countless other projects"", says Vapaavuori.Helsinki has a globally renowned education system and international schools. Helsinki has also promised to strengthen the day-care and education offered in English. Moreover, the Finnish Government is committed to increasing the capacity of the European School of Helsinki. Helsinki is committed to organising a tailor-made consultation service to help the personnel of the Agency settle in smoothly.For the application, the City of Helsinki carried out an indicative premises mapping study and found four properties that would be very well suited to the needs of the European Medicines Agency (EMA). ""Helsinki can offer very competitive location alternatives of high quality"", notes Marja-Leena Rinkineva, City of Helsinki Director of Economic Development.The European Chemicals Agency (ECHA) in Helsinki has 500 employees from 27 EU Member States. In the European Medicines Agency (EMA) application submitted to the EU today, emphasis is laid on the employees of the European Chemicals Agency and their experiences of their current home town Helsinki. The responses reflect the top scores that Helsinki has achieved in several international quality of life comparisons. ECHA's staff, and especially its management, has specifically appreciated the efficiency, functionality, good services and connections and in particular that everything is nearby. ""Out of the EU agencies, the ECHA has the lowest turnover of employees. People who come to Helsinki do not want to leave. In Helsinki, combining work and leisure is uncomplicated, says Marja-Leena Rinkineva.The decision on the relocation of the European Medicines Agency will be made on 20 November 2017 by the EU General Affairs Council. The application for the relocation of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) to Helsinki has been prepared in good cooperation with the Finnish Government and the Ministry of Social Affairs and Health.Further informationFinland: European Medicines Agency in Helsinki would enhance EUs competitiveness"
EMA for Finland website
MyHelsinki.fi brings together content about the citys tourism offerings and business opportunities in a single website. The service also allows users to list their own favourites to help others enjoy the perfect city break in and around Helsinki.The new beta version of the MyHelsinki.fi website makes it even easier for locals and visitors to find information about the latest trends, events and restaurants in Helsinki, as well as to get tips from local residents.www.myhelsinki.fiThe new website is in line with the changes to Helsinkis city marketing strategy. The aim is to further enhance Helsinkis international visibility and appeal, as well as to make it easier to find Helsinkis services and offerings.
  The beta version of the Myhelsinki.fi website will be launched in Finnish, Swedish and English. It will later be made available also in Japanese, Chinese, Russian and German.The website is still under development, and the contents and functions of the service, such as the event calendar, will be fine-tuned over the summer. Service providers will be able to update their information, while users can send feedback and improvement suggestions using the online form on the Myhelsinki.fi website or by e-mail to helsinki.marketing@hel.fi.My Helsinki brings together content about the citys offerings and business opportunities in a single website. We believe that visitors and international experts who work in Helsinki are interested in the same things as we locals are. In fact, we plan to add a Neighbourhoods section to further highlight local experiences, says Tia Hallanoro, Marketing Communications Director at Helsinki Marketing.In keeping with the websites service promise, Your local guide to Helsinki, all the content has been compiled by locals. The website and its services will be promoted by the likes of chef and restaurateur Antto Melasniemi, actress Seela Sella, startup entrepreneur Maria Ritola, rapper Gracias and YouTuber Mariieveronica, all of whom have contributed their own personal Helsinki tips.Personal recommendations are overwhelmingly effective marketing tools in the social media environment. Accordingly, the updated My Helsinki service has a function that allows locals to list their own favourites and share these on social media or by e-mail.Read more:www.myhelsinki.fi
Press release
  The free Jazz concerts will be organized at the Espa Stage until August 5. The two-week concert series sees eighteen Finnish jazz acts entertain music-lovers this summer on the Espa Stage in the Esplanadi Park. All Jazz-Espa concerts are accessible, free of charge and open to all ages. On Saturday, August 5th, the jazz carnival will culminate to a one-day festival on the Espa stage and Restaurant Kappelis terrace. The setting may change from the previous years, but the philosophy remains: Jazzjatkot welcomes the whole family to enjoy the coolest jazzy music and leisurely picnic vibes, and adults get to party on until the wee hours.Read more: Jazz EspaFinnish Jazz Federation
  Lasten Festarit is a Children's Festival organized in the Helsinki Tlnlahti, near Finnish National Opera on Sunday 6th August 2017 between 10 am - 4 pm. The event is meant for the whole family and there are many different things to experience as well as many activities for the kids to try out!There is free entrance to the event and the activities are free of charge as well. So all you have to do is to be there!At the Childrens festival you can enjoy first-class Finnish artists and participate in a variety of activities. There will also be some delicious festival food, in case you get hungry. The event is organized by JCI Central Park (Keskuspuiston Nuorkauppakamari) and PuskaPromotion.Read more: Childrens festival
  This year, the annual URB-Festival is organized between the 2nd and 10th of August across several locations in Helsinki. URB17  Urban Art Festival can be experienced as moments for being together and moments for personal contemplation in a series of performances, works of art, workshops and events. An important starting point of URB Festival is that the artistic and intellectual activities it presents are accessible and that they contain elements of playfulness, voluntary togetherness and encounters with new ways of thinking. URB17 explores the concept of urban art by abandoning the spaces dedicated to art, which leads to new perspectives to the social intertwinement of art and urban environment. The programme includes a palm disco, silent dancing, a composition workshop and community meals combined with art performances among others. The festival events have a free entrance, unless otherwise mentioned in the programme. Read more: 
URB Festival URB esite - festivalprogramme
  The changes to the tram network will take effect on Monday 14 August when HSLs transport services switch to winter timetables. The circular routes 2, 3, 7A and 7B will be replaced by straight routes.There are no ram changes to the route 4, 5 and 10.
  Changes by route:Tram 1:
   The route will change and the tram will start to run every day. The new route is: Eira  Fredrikinkatu  Bulevardi  Lasipalatsi  Runeberginkatu  Helsinginkatu  Srninen  Mkelnkatu  Kpyl. The tram will run every 10 minutes Monday to Friday and Saturdays, on Sundays every 12 minutes.Tram 2:
   The route will change in Etu-Tl and city center. The new route goes via Aleksanterinkatu, Mannerheimintie and Arkadiankatu. The tram will no longer run to Kamppi, but tram 7 will replace the service. The northern terminus will be moved to Lnsi-Pasila. There will be no changes to the headways and operating hours.
Tram 3:
  The northern terminus will be moved to the junction of Mannerheimintie and Kuusitie in autumn 2017 when the new tracks on Reijolankatu are completed. Until then, the tram will temporarily run from Nordenskildinkatu to Tl depot from 14 August 2017. There will be no changes to the headways and operating hours.Trams 6 and 6T:
   On route 6, headways will be lengthened to 10 minutes. Consequently, the tram will have the same headways as tram 7 and the two trams will run along Hmeentie every 5-6 minutes between Srninen and Hakaniemi. In Arabia, the combined service frequency of the trams 6 and 8 will be 5-6 minutes. There are no changes to route 6T.Tram 7:
   Trams 7A and 7B will be withdrawn. A new tram route 7 will start running from the West Terminal via Pasila station, Mkelnkatu, Srninen, Hakaniemi, Kruununhaka, Central Railway Station and Kamppi to West Terminal. Tram 2 will start running from Tl to Lnsi-Pasila.
Tram 8:
   On route 8, headways will be lengthened to 10 minutes during peak hours. The tram will have the same headways as trams 1 and 6 and on the joint section of route between Tl and Srninen, the trams will operate a more frequent service than at present, running every 5-6 minutes. Tram routes 6 and 8 will operate with the same headways between Srninen and Arabia.Tram 9:
   The southern terminus of the route will be moved from the West Terminal to Saukonpaasi. The tram will start to run along Vlimerenkatu. Why
the change?The Helsinki tram network has remained relatively unchanged since the 1980s. It is necessary to adjust the network to better serve the changing city and society. As former harbor areas are being turned into residential and employment areas, the need for transport in the city center is growing. In addition, peoples travel habits and values are changing.The Ring Rail Line and West Metro also affect travel patterns in central Helsinki in the coming years. New rail lines bring in passengers from a wider area, increasing passenger numbers also in the city center. Moreover, the population in the Helsinki region is projected to grow rapidly in the coming years.Tram passenger numbers are on the rise again. HSL wants to develop tram routes in order for the positive trend to continue and even get stronger.Residents involved in planning of the changesRead more:
  New tram routes 2017/HSL
New tram network to be launched in August 2017
The Finnish Government and the city of Helsinki have drawn up a precise plan for the transfer of the European Medicines Agency to Helsinki. Relocation of the European Medicines Agency alongside the European Chemicals Agency in Helsinki would create a true centre of excellence in the protection of human health. The centre would also enhance the EUs global competitiveness.
Earlier today, Finland submitted its application to host the European Medicines Agency (EMA) that will be relocated from Great Britain. According to the parties that have prepared the application, EMA and the European Chemicals Agency (ECHA) already located in Finland would form a significant strategic team. Locating the European Medicines Agency and the Chemicals Agency in the same city would enable the two Agencies to cross-utilise their expertise and resources and create a real centre of excellence. This would give Europe competitive advantage globally, says Pirkko
Mattila, Minister of Social Affairs and Health, who was responsible for the preparation of the application. The Finnish central government will carry out the EMA campaign in close cooperation with the city of Helsinki. Besides Finland, many other EU countries have submitted their application to host EMA, Sweden and Denmark among these. EMA is one of the largest and strategically most important agencies of the European Union. Approximately 900 public officials are working for EMA, dealing with matters related to EU citizens health and medicine safety. Finland is offering a cost-effective, logistically functional and smooth solution to relocate EMA to Helsinki.The city of Helsinki has carried out an indicative premises mapping study for the application and found four properties that would be very suitable for EMAs use. The list is topped by Fredriksberg, an office building under construction next to Meira Coffee Roastery in Vallila district which has excellent transport links. In order to safeguard the continuity of EMAs daily operations, it is important that the Agency can be relocated directly to its new permanent location. The decision on the relocation of the European Medicines Agency will be made on 20 November 2017 by the EU General Affairs Council. The criteria for the relocation include, for example, readiness to immediately take into use the property when needed, accessibility of the location of the host city and EMA office, ability to offer education of sufficiently high quality to children of EMA staff, and the continuity of EMAs daily business. Helsinki and the proposed property fulfil these criteria in an excellent manner. Finlands application also underlines the experiences of ECHA staff regarding their current home city. ECHA staff members emphasise their satisfaction with the Finnish welfare society and the peaceful, clean and well-functioning city of Helsinki and the nature close to it. Their responses reflect Helsinkis high scores in several international life quality comparisons. Finland strives to ensure the benefits and rights of EMA staff in the same way as other Member States applying to host the Agency. If the decision is made to relocate the EMA in Helsinki, the Finnish government will invest in further expansion of the European School of Helsinki. The school is now providing education for children of ECHA staff.Approximately 30 000 experts and decision-makers visit EMA annually. Relocation of the Agency in Helsinki would bring Finland considerable benefits thanks to these visits alone. Finlands strengths regarding the EMAs relocation are a high level of competence in life sciences, a favourable climate for research and innovation and efficient cooperation between academic research and education and the public and industrial sectors.More on the subject
emahelsinki.fiHelsinki joins the competition  European Medicines Agency to Finland
  The number of dogs in Helsinki is estimated to be 30,000. The number of dogs has risen faster than the number of residents. One in four dog-owning Helsinki households today has two dogs. The most popular breed is the Labrador Retriever, but even a larger number of Helsinki dogs are mutts.Labradors are most popular, French Bulldogs becoming more
commonIn 2015, the Finnish Kennel Clubs register included approximately 26,000 dogs registered in Helsinki. However, the club only registers purebred dogs, so the number fails to tell the whole story about dogs in Helsinki, and the clubs register data has to be complemented from other information sources. The current study relies on Helsinki dog tax data and a new environmental attitude survey.The estimated number of dogs in Helsinki is based on dog tax data, according to which one in six dogs in Helsinki was a mutt in 2015. The number of Labradors in Helsinki is 1,200, according to the Finnish Kennel Club. Since 1997, some new breeds have appeared in the Top 10 list of the most popular breeds including the French Bulldog, which is also a popular breed internationally.Dogs often named
with human namesIt has not been known until now how many dog-owning households have more than one dog. As a result, the environmental attitude survey conducted last spring included a question about the number of dogs in the household. According to the survey, 24 percent of dog owners in Helsinki have two dogs. Very few dog owners have more than two dogs.
The most common dog names include many of the most popular human forenames. The most popular dog name in Helsinki is Onni, which is the Number One name given to boys in 2016. More than one-third of dog names suggest a female dog, less than one-third a male dog. The rest of the names are such that are not used as human names. The City of Helsinki quarterly bulletin Kvartti published an article on dogs in Helsinki 20 years ago, based on City dog tax data. New information on dogs has been requested from time to time, and such new information is now available in a new Kvartti online article and in a working paper to be published in the near future. Both articles are in Finnish.
  The Isosaari island opened to the public on 10 June, having been a closed, military island for more than 100 years. The island, which can be reached by ferry from the Helsinki Market Square in just over half an hour, already offers diverse services for visitors: the island has a restaurant, saunas, sand beaches and a 9-hole golf course.
Simultaneously with the opening of Isosaari to the public, the City of Helsinki begins detailed planning for the island, which is designated as a versatile recreational and tourist destination.
The City invites ideas for the development of the island to support the planning process. Everybody is welcome to post their ideas until 4 September on the Kerrokantasi (tell us your view) website at https://kerrokantasi.hel.fi/isosaari (site in Finnish) and at the Isosaari officers club (Upseerikerho).
We hope to obtain both visions for the islands future and feedback on what is unique in todays Isosaari and should be preserved, says architect Henrik Ahola of the City of Helsinkis urban environment division.
The new Helsinki city plan  the strategic long-term plan for land use  defines Isosaari as an area for maritime recreation and tourism. The plan allows for vacation residences in year-round use but no permanent housing.
Isosaari is owned by the Finnish Government. The island is managed by the Government agency Senate Properties, which is selling Government-owned islands designated for other than military uses to non-governmental buyers.More about the topic:Isosaari
Tell us your
ideas for Isosaari (webpage in Finnish)
  Isosaari
planning materials (in Finnish)
  The future light rail line 550 between Helsinkis Itkeskus and Espoos Keilaniemi will be operated with equipment designed specifically for the service. The first concept for the light rail vehicle, Artic XL, has been completed. The design is based on the latest Artic tram of Helsinki City Transport (HKL). The tram has been received favourably by passengers.
The concept of Artic XL relies on customer-oriented service design. The needs of families with small children and slow-moving passengers have had high priorities in the design. In order to ensure accessibility, both Helsinki Region Transport (HSL) and HKL have tested the vehicle prototype several times together with the City of Helsinki Council on Disability and representatives of various disability organizations.
Artic XL is a low-floor vehicle over its entire length, and it has places for wheelchairs and service dogs. More of the seats are at floor level than in the trams in use today. There is more space for standing passengers than in the current fleet.
Accessibility serves all passengers, as a vehicle that is easy to move in, doesnt have to linger at stops. Fast and smooth operation at stops is a crucial part of the light rail concept.
Artic XL has doors on both sides, and the vehicle is air-conditioned. There are more traffic information displays than in the current trams.
The colouring of the Artic XL vehicle is blue and green, so it conforms to the traditional colour scheme of the Helsinki tram fleet, although the metallic colours of Artic XL are not identical with the current tram colours. The hue differentiates the light rail line from the current trams lines. The light rail vehicle will be the big brother of the
current Artic tram carThe future light rail line 550  Jokeri Light Rail Line  will replace the Jokeri trunk bus line 550, which is HSLs busiest bus service and a high-capacity line. As a result, Artic XL has been designed for large volumes. The car is 34.5 metres long, it seats 76 passengers and accommodates 180 standing passengers. The capacity of Artic XL is about 20 percent higher than that of the current Artic tram car. Artic XL can accommodate more than three times the number of passengers compared with a triple axle bus.
Artic XL could be extended to 44 metres, which would give the vehicle an 80 percent higher capacity compared with the basic Artic tram.Artic XL vehicles are energy-efficient and environmentally friendly. They can recover the moving vehicles kinetic energy under braking and use it for air-conditioning in summer and for heating in winter.
The new vehicles are designed to travel in the current tram network as well as on light rail tracks. An Artic XL prototype will be introduced by HKL to Helsinki inner city routes in the summer of 2019, allowing HKL and HSL to acquire experience in the use of the vehicle for the finalization of the design for serial production. The Jokeri Light Rail Line is scheduled to go into operation at the beginning of the 2020s.
HSL and HKL have partnered in the design with the Finnish industrial design studio Idis Design Ltd.
HKL procures the light rail vehicles from Transtech Oy, which is a member of koda Transportation Group of the Czech Republic. The cars will be manufactured at Transtechs Otanmki factory in Kainuu, Finland. The total number of Artic XL vehicles in traffic will be 29.
Read more: Jokeri Light
Rail Line
Water supply is back again and thethe trafficisgetting normal on Wednesday evening. The cause of the stoppage or disturbancewas pipe breakages and.The pipe were broken on Tuesday 18th July.After the break in water distribution,
sediment may loosen from the pipeline walls due to changes in the flow
direction and pressure fluctuation. If the water is brown or murky, let the
water run from all taps until it is clear. If the water doesnt clear by
letting it run for 10 minutes, we kindly ask you to inform HSY about the
situation by calling our technical emergency number 09 1561 3000.Read more:Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority HSY
  The City of Helsinki has experimented with electric door locks installed on the apartment doors of home care customers. An electric door lock is controlled with a smartphone and a web app, freeing nurses and assistants from carrying keys with them as they visit customers. The smartphone-controlled electric door lock service is provided by the municipal enterprise Service Centre (Palvelukeskus Helsinki).
The electric door lock experiment has received high marks from the involved customers and staff. The service improves the perceived safety of customers and eases the workload of the home care staff.
Electric door locks ease and speed up the work, as we no longer have to play with keys. Keys are often carried by work pairs, and both members of the pair waste time transporting them from one place to another. Now we no longer have that problem. I hope that more electric door locks would be installed, which I believe would considerably ease home care work, says practical nurse Erica
Kujansuu of Helsinki Home Care.
Electric door lock service in support of home careThe electric door lock service supports the goals of the home care services reform, which aims to increase the time spent by home care staff with customers. Owing to the success of the experiment, there are plans to expand the service in Helsinki.
The electric door lock pilot was highly successful, and the customers were happy with the service. We are now planning to announce a public bid for the service, intending to expand the service to cover the whole city, says Service Centre unit leader Riitta Laanala.
The experiment involved 19 home care customers of the City of Helsinki Department of Social Services and Health Care. A total of 30 electric door locks were installed on the apartment doors of customers and the front doors of their hallways. Electric door lock installations are always agreed upon with the building manager, the board of the housing company and the customer.Read more:Service Centre
well-being services
Afternoon activities are organized in Helsinki as part of comprehensive school education and at public playgrounds. These activities, organized in groups, are provided by schools, non-profit organizations, parishes and private service providers at schools and adjacent facilities. Playground activities are free of charge, and snacks are available at playgrounds for a charge. The activities are supervised by professional staff. Applications for comprehensive school afternoon activities and registration in playground activities are made with separate forms for one school year at a time.All children who apply/register within the application/registration period are placed in afternoon activities in the autumn. Families moving to Helsinki during the summer can also apply for or register in school and playground afternoon activities outside the application/registration period.The application form for comprehensive school afternoon activities should be sent to: Perusopetuksen iltapivtoiminta (Comprehensive school afternoon activities), P.O.B. 3000, 00099 City of Helsinki. Applications received after the application period closes are processed in August. A registration form for playground afternoon activities should be submitted to the playground that the child wishes to attend.
Read more:
Afternoon
activities at playgrounds
Application form for school afternoon activities (in Finnish)
Registration form for playground afternoon activities (in Finnish)
A new Bike Centre opened in the eastern Helsinki district of Herttoniemi in June. The Bike Centre operates indoors in a building adjacent to the Herttoniemi Metro station. The building is a former bus drivers lounge. The first Bike Centre operates at the Narikka square in Kamppi.The Bike Centres assist and advise cyclists from the beginning of summer to the end of October, allowing cyclists to maintain their bikes by themselves under the guidance of professionals. In addition, the Bike Centres offer quick bike servicing for a fee.The Bike Centres help people to cycle. You can borrow the necessary tools for small-scale maintenance, buy supplies and get advice. The new Herttoniemi Bike Centre will be provided with bike racks that allow the bike frame to be locked to the rack, says project engineer Samuli
Mkinen of Helsinki City Transport HKL, which owns and organizes the centres.
The Bike Centres can lend you the main tools from chain whips to spoke keys. You can tighten bolts, pump your tyres and buy bike supplies. The staff can give you a cycling map and suggestions for bikes and cycling. The Bike Centres also offer information about the City Bikes bike-sharing system and guide you in the use of the system. However, any feedback concerning City Bikes and fault reports should be submitted to the CityBike Finland customer service.The Herttoniemi and Narinkka square Bike Centres serve from Monday to Saturday, 1018. The Centres are operated by the Velo & Oxygen bike store.Check the latest news on the Bike Centre Facebook page and website. Find Velo & Oxygen on Facebook at facebook.com/VeloOxygenFIand on the internet at velo-oxygen.fi (webpage in Finnish only).
  The summer festivals of Suvilahti offer entertainment for those interested in urban culture. The series of festivals begins with the international skateboarding event HELride that is organized together by All Day Agency and Suomen Rullalautaliitto at Suvilahti Tiivistm. HELride begins on Friday the 14th of July with the Cruzfest 17 event that celebrates Finnish street culture. The event closes up with the official After Skate Party and All Day Agencys Birthday 1st birthday party on Saturday 15th of July from 6 pm to 4 am. The music of the party will consist of a mix between rap, rock and minimalistic techno. Both events are for adults only.Visio is a conceptual, vibrant 2-day festival focused on underground club music, organised in the former power plant area of Suvilahti, Helsinki from the 21
  st until the 22nd of July. Visio offers an interesting combination of music, arts, food and culture. The first Visio Festival was organised in 2016 attracted 3000 visitors and over 40 artists, local and international.
Flow
Festival, a leading European music and arts boutique festival will once again be organized in Suvilahti, this time from the 11
  th of August until the 13th. Flow Festival has become synonymous with bringing music from old school legends to topical newcomers. Flow festival strikes an alluring setting of blissed-out festival escapism for a few days. In 2016 the 3-day event was sold out, drawing a crowd of 75 000 visitors. Artists confirmed for this year's festival include i.a. Frank Ocean, Lana Del Rey, The xx, Aphex Twin, London Grammar, Ryan Adams, Beth Ditto, Danny Brown, Flume and many more. The lineup of Finnish artists includes i.a. Alma, MC Taakibrsta, Tln Ketter, Litku Klemetti, Vesta and many more.The festival summer continues from 25th until the 26th of July with We
Love the 90s festival. Artists on the list of performers include i.a. E-type, La Cream, Mr President, Rednex, Neon 2, HADDAWAY, Solid Base, DJ Oku Luukkainen Retro perjantai special, Captain Jack, Thomas Anders & Modern Talking Band, Movetron, Fun Factory, Alexia, MAXX, Pandora, Gnther and many others. When the festival stages quieten down, the party continues at Apollo club. On Friday, Basic Element Official will entertain at the afterparty and on Saturday Waldos People. Funky
Elephant Festival, organized between the 9th and 10th of September, ends the series of summer festivals in Suvilahti. The festival focuses on a unique experience, inspirational details and multidisciplinary programme which invites the audience itself to participate actively in it.The groovy rhythm music in the funky spirit of bands and deejays will put your hips swinging and heart beating. Musically, Funky Elephant covers numerous rhythm music genres from funk, soul, jazz, hip hop, reggae and afrobeat to modern club sound as well as world music. The Food Bazaar will serve a wide range of tasty delicacies on both days. Sunday, the 10th of September is a family event with workshops and activities for all ages, no admission fee!More
information:HELrideVisio
FestivalFlow
FestivalWe Love the 90sFunky
Elephant Festival (In Finnish)
The Myllypuro campus of Metropolia, Finlands largest
university of applied sciences, is under construction to be completed in
20182019.
The foundation stone of the Myllypuro campus of Metropolia University of Applied Sciences was laid in the autumn of 2016. Currently the foundations of a cover for the metro deck are under construction  part of the campus is built on metro train tracks. The work is largely carried out at nighttime in order not to disrupt metro service.The frame of the campus building is under construction. The first section of the building will be completed in the summer of 2018 and the whole campus in August 2019.The campus is built for Metropolia by the City of Helsinki. The project is divided into two separate contracts comprising construction and building technology. The main contractor is YIT Rakennus Oy.
Campus to increase Myllypuro occupants by halfThe Myllypuro campus will house Metropolias operations in the fields of social services, health care, construction and real estate, as well as university management and centralized services. All in all, the campus will bring to Myllypuro 6,000 students and 500 employees. Myllypuro is today home to 12,000 people.
The campus will create an open network of learning in the area.Myllypuro campus in a nutshellOther
construction projects in MyllypuroMetropolia
Myllypuro
  Japan gave ten oriental cherry trees to Finland as a gift in honour of the centenary of Finland's independence.
The trees were planted in the Roihuvuori Cherry Park in a ceremony arranged on 4 July. The trees were planted by the Japanese Sakura Foundation. The City of Helsinki was represented by Deputy Mayor Sanna Vesikansa. Greetings were also be delivered by Ambassador of Japan to Finland Jota Yamamoto, Suomi Finland 100 Ambassador Pekka Huhtaniemi, Managing Director of the Japan Sakura Foundation Susumu Hasumi and by a representative for the neighbourhood of Roihuvuori.
The trees will be part of a park of more than 150 cherry trees, which was established ten years ago on the initiative of Japanese businessman Norio Tomida. The trees of the park are donations from Japanese people living in Finland to Helsinki, as thanks for Helsinki being such a good place to live. The varieties of the trees now planted are the carefully selected Prunus serrulata 'Kiku-Shirade', with downward hanging branches, and the more upright variety, Prunus serrulata 'Amanogawa'. The seedlings are protected with nets from rabbits and they are watered for three years. The trees have also been included in the City's register of donated trees.
  Urban Hitchhiking is a project that reimagines the traditional concept of hitchhiking: instead of hitching a ride in a vehicle, the hiker hitches a walk in the company of a pedestrian. You can do this simply by placing yourself in the midst of pedestrian traffic and raising your thumb. The purpose is to encounter a random passer-by and share a moment with them as well as to challenge conventional ideas of the Finnish national character.To be mounted in HAM Corner, the Urban Hitchhiking installation will consist of photographs, sound recordings and route maps that were all produced during authentic hitchhiking situations in Helsinki. The exhibition is free and will be open from July 7 until September 24 from Tuesday till Sunday between 11-19 o'clock. The installation showcases snapshots of pedestrians in Helsinki and their lives. It also serves as an invitation and a platform for the visitors to try urban hitchhiking themselves.The installation in HAM Corner is constructed of materials that document the hitchhiking period in June 2017. It will be created by the Encounter Arts group consisting of Lauri Jntti, an anthropologists of religion and urban activist, and Tuuli Malla, performance artist. The first Urban Hitchhiking event took place in Helsinki in summer 2016, and since then similar events have been organised in Arkhangelsk, Lappeenranta, Tartu and Prague as well as other places. Visitors who have tried urban hitchhiking for themselves during the exhibition can upload material detailing their experiences to the Urban Hitchhiking Facebook group or to urbanhitchhiking Instagram page.Read more:
HAMFacebook
Tram routes 2, 3, 7A and 7B will be diverted from 3 July to 13 August 2017 due to track works on Nordenskildinkatu and Pasilansilta. During this time, there will be no tram services on Nordenskildinkatu, in Lnsi-Pasila, on Porvoonkatu and Viipurinkatu.Trams 2 and 3 will run along Helsinginkatu and not serve Nordenskildinkatu and Alppila. The northern terminus of the routes will be at the Urheilutalo tram stop on Helsinginkatu instead of Elintarha.Replacement bus 2X will serve the section of route not served by the trams and run from the Sports Hall (Urheilutalo) along Nordenskildinkatu to the Opera. The buses will stop at bus stops marked with 2X. In Tl, the bus 2X will leave from the Ooppera stop (H1332) on Runeberginkatu (stop on map) and run along Runeberginkatu and Topeliuksenkatu. By the Sports Hall, the bus will leave from the Urheilutalo bus stop on Lntinen Brahenkatu (stop on map).Trams 7A and 7B will run from Kolmikulma via Kruununhaka and Hakaniemi to Pasila station. Tram 7A will run from Pasila station to Kolmikulma and tram 7B from Kolmikulma to Pasila station.The section of route not served by the trams will be served by replacement bus 7X running from Lasipalatsi via Lnsi-Pasila to Pasila station. The buses will stop at bus stops marked with 7X. The bus 7X will leave from the Postitalo bus stop on Postikatu (stop on map) and also stop at the Lasipalatsi bus stop on Mannerheimintie (stop on map). In Pasila, passengers can get on the bus at the Pasila station stop on Ratapihantie served by tram 7B. The stop is located at the same side of the street as the temporary station.Tram 7B uses its normal route to Pasila station. By the station, the route number changes to 7A and the tram continues to Kolmikulma via Asemaplliknkatu and Ratamestarinkatu and resumes its normal route after the Radanrakentajantie stop.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport
  Visiting Helsinki region? With a day ticket you can travel on trams, the Metro, buses, commuter trains and Suomenlinna ferry.You can buy a ticket for 17 days. The tickets are available from R-kiosks, large department stores, ticket machines and HSL service points.When you buy the ticket, you choose the validity period and travel zone.Read more:HSL
  The energy system of Helsinkis Kalasatama, the first model area for smart energy systems in Finland, will be complemented with ABBs latest digital technology and unique ring network solution. Both solutions are the first of their kind on the scale of Finland. They will ensure that power supply in the developing Kalasatama district will be as uninterruptible as possible. By 2040, Kalasatama will be home to more than 25,000 residents and provide more than 10,000 jobs.In traditional electrical grids, electricity flows in one direction  from the energy company to consumers. In new smart grid solutions, the direction of electricity passing through the transformer substation can vary depending on the situation. For example, as small solar and wind power systems become more common, there will be increasing needs to feed electricity back to the grid.The Kalasatama area will also see Finlands first closed ring network in a medium voltage grid. Electricity to the grid is continuously supplied from two directions. A common practice in electricity transmission networks, the practice is now applied for the first time in the ring network of a medium voltage grid. The solution made possible by the latest technology ensures as uninterruptible power supply as possible to critical areas of consumption and reduces losses in the medium voltage grid.More on the topic:
  Special advisers serving as political assistants to Helsinki Mayor and Deputy Mayors have been appointed. Mayor Jan Vapaavuoris special advisers are Laura vallandLotta
Backlund.vall has served as secretary general of the National Coalition Party parliamentary group and as an economic policy special adviser to Minister of Finance Petteri
Orpo. She previously assisted several other ministers. She holds an M.Sc. degree in social sciences.Backlund is known to the general public as a stand-up comedian and TV journalist. She has studied at the Hanken School of Economics and worked in recent years as development director at Warner Bros. International Television Production Finland.Deputy Mayor for Education Pia Pakarinen is assisted by Pirre Seppnen, who previously served Minister of the Interior Paula Risikko
  as a special adviser. Seppnen holds an M.Sc. degree in social sciences.The special adviser to Deputy Mayor for Urban Environment Anni
Sinnemki will be Julianna Kentala, student of social sciences, who currently works as acting executive director of the Helsinki chapter of the Greens party. In one of her previous duties, Kentala assisted Deputy Mayor Sinnemki during the latters term as MP.
The special adviser to Deputy Mayor for Culture and Leisure Nasima
Razmyar is Hanna Isbom, M.Sc. (Social Sciences), who has served as executive director of the Helsinki chapter of the Social Democratic Party of Finland and secretary of the partys City Council group. She previously served as secretary general of the Social Democratic Youth among other duties.The special adviser to Deputy Mayor for Social Services and Health Care Sanna
Vesikansa is Heikki Sairanen, B.Sc. (Tech.). Sairanen moves to his new duties from Parliament, where he has assisted MP Ozan Yanar.The City Board approved the establishment of the positions of special advisers on 12 June 2017. Special advisers serve on temporary basis for the term of the Mayor and Deputy Mayors. The special advisors perform duties assigned to them by the Mayor and Deputy Mayors, and they report to the head of the City Executive Offices Administrative Division Juha Summanen. The special advisors will start their terms at the beginning of August expect for Pirre Seppnen, who will start at the beginning of September.
In July, the Elimenkatu customer service point (streets, green areas, parking) is open MonThu 8:15am4pm and Fri 10am3pm. Building Control Services are closed in the summer 1030 July, excluding essential audits. The Tellinki Service Point is closed in July, and reopens on 1 August.
The Housing health information service (matters related to indoor air, moisture, mould and noise) is open Mon, Wed and Thu 9am12 noon and Tue 9am3pm. The service is closed on Fridays JuneAugust. 
The customer service point of Stadin asunnot is open 19 June11 August MonFri 9am3pm.
The City Survey services customer service point is open MonThu 8:15am4pm and Fri 10am3pm.
More information on summer opening hours is available on the Urban Environment Divisions website.
  Liquefied natural gas, or LNG for short, is becoming an increasingly popular marine fuel, largely due to the fact that it is a significantly more environmentally friendly option than traditional diesel or heavy fuel oil. In response, the Port of Helsinki has published instructions for the safe LNG bunkering of ships.
LNG significantly reduces the environmental emissions of ships. Compared to traditional marine diesel, for example, LNG can reduce harmful nitrogen emissions  a significant contributor to the eutrophication of the Baltic Sea  by up to 85%. Furthermore, using LNG can reduce carbon dioxide emissions by over 20%, in addition to also minimising sulphur and particle emissions. Whats more, ships that use LNG also run quieter than ships using traditional fuels.
With the expansion of the sulphur emission control area of the Baltic Sea, LNG is becoming an increasingly attractive option, and one that also complies with the restrictions on nitrogen emissions that will enter into force in the Baltic Sea as of the start of 2021.
The Port of Helsinki also wishes to do its part in facilitating the adoption of LNG. To this end, the Port prepared an LNG safety manual in collaboration with the consulting company SSPA and Finnish authorities last winter. The manual details the minimum requirements for shipping companies and LNG suppliers that wish to bunker LNG at the Port of Helsinki in a clear and practical manner.
Read more
  Safety manual on LNG bunkering.pdf
The Port of Helsinki
The new service makes up-to-date information on the weather and sea conditions in the local waters of Helsinki available via text message for the first time.To receive information on the marine weather in the vicinity of Suomenlinna to your mobile phone, simply text POIJU SUOMENLINNA to the number 16161. The price of the text message is EUR 0.85.In reply, you will receive a text message that contains up-to-date information on the significant wave height, wave direction, wave length, wave period and water temperature measured in the vicinity of Suomenlinna.More detailed weather information on Helsinkis local waters can also be found on the free online service available at meri.hel.fi and marinehelsinki.fi. The website provides generalised information all the way to Isosaari, as well as a two-day forecast.The website now also allows you to assess the weather visually, as the service includes a visual feed of the waves at Katajanokka, Helsinki, which is updated every 10 minutes.The services that provide information on the marine weather in the local waters of Helsinki have been designed with private boaters in mind. The services are provided by the City of Helsinki and the Finnish Meteorological Institute.
  Helsinki is celebrating Helsinki Pride during 26.6.  2.7. Helsinki Pride culminates on Saturday with the Pride Parade that starts from Senate Square and continues to a Park Party and the closing party in the evening.Helsinki Pride is the biggest cultural and human rights event for gender and sexual minorities in Finland. Pride Week is a packed with a rainbow coloured programme, including lectures on current topics, discussions, workshops, art and culture - and of course many awesome dances and parties that continue late into the night. There are events for all ages. The goal is to raise awareness, and improve visibility and the rights of sexual and gender minorities in Finland. Helsinki Pride highlights and rejoices everyones right to openly be as they are. Pride brings forwards the notion that our society is not ready until equality and equity includes all.
The theme of Helsinki Pride 2017 is freedom and responsibility, stemming from the 100 years of Finnish independence. We want to bring human rights, equality and equity back to the discussion from the point of view of the society, community and individuals. Freedom and responsibility as a theme is also an acknowledgment to the 100 year old Finland.Helsinki Pride is organised by HeSeta.
Lhifest2017  festival of neighbourhoods  has announced the first highlights of events and invites citizens to join in the creation of a festival shared by everybody.The festival will be celebrated in ten Helsinki suburbs and districts from 25 September to 1 October 2017. The suburbs and districts are Kannelmki, Vuosaari, Herttoniemenranta, Kontula, Lauttasaari, Siltamki, Pohjois-Haaga, Jakomki, Malmi and Kalasatama.The festival highlights are announced on a map, and citizens are invited to add their own events onto the same map. Citizen events are shown on the map as hearts.Citizen-organized events can be reported until the beginning of the festival, even during the festival.
Event plazasThe City of Helsinki will set up four event plazas on the festival weekend to serve as citizen meeting places. The locations and dates are Vuosaari and Malmi, Saturday, 30 September, and Pohjois-Haaga and Herttoniemenranta, Sunday, 1 October.
The event plazas will be places where people can learn about the transition taking place in Helsinki and how the future Helsinki is being built in suburbs. All plazas will invite people to dine together at a shared table on a table cloth covered with illustrations created by citizens. The plazas will also have a covered space with a corner stage for presentations, commentary and other programme. The plazas will be set up both indoors and outdoors. Attendance and the programmes are free of charge.Citizens, enterprises and associations can propose programme items for the plazas through June using an online
form. The proposals can be for presentations or small-scale performances on the corner stage, contents that acquaint people with suburban gems, or some other activities. The plaza programmes will be built during the summer, and they will be announced in AugustSeptember.Lhifest2017 encourages everybody to become a tourist in their own city. People are inspired to tour the city by the #hoodshelsinki competition.More:Lhifest2017Lhifest2017 on FacebookEvent report form (in Finnish)
  A new plan proposal has been prepared for stersundom. The proposal integrates growth with nature, focusing on both nature conservation and planning economy.The plan proposal has changed a great deal from the proposal that was on display in the spring of 2015. Several alternatives for the course of the metro line and for land use have been considered, and the new plan proposes a straight course for the metro line.
Salmenkallio and the related Talosaari and Ribbing areas are marked in the plan as an area for further investigation where land use questions will be solved later with a separate, segmental land use plan. The proposed Salmenkallio metro station has been removed from the new plan.Development has been intensified especially at metro stations and on the main streets. Total population is estimated to be 80,000100,000. The main construction activity is expected to take place in the 2030s2040s.The share of apartment-building dominated construction has grown especially around metro stations. Urban housing areas with other types of housing  single-family, semi-detached, town and row houses  still represent about half of all building construction, explains Ilkka Laine, the manager of the stersundom planning unit.The plan has been changed in the Lnsisalmi area at the Helsinki-Vantaa border in that the green connection between Mustavuori and Sipoonkorpi and the cultural landscape surrounding the Westerkulla Manor would form a large consistent section.According to a Natura evaluation, the new proposal does not cause significant harm to habitats and bird species protected by the Natura network of nature conservation sites.According to economic calculations, the plan proposal has developed favourably. The economic impact of the plan has also been evaluated from the perspectives of residents, enterprises, municipal economy and the Helsinki region.stersundom planners have found a solution that meets the needs of regional growth, and the plan isnt in conflict with nature conservation goals. The new proposal is also more advantageous in terms of the city economy, says Mikko Aho, Director of the Helsinki City Environment Sector.Of the three alternative sites for earth materials processing, the plan proposes the Hltingberget area, which is located at the Landbo interchange. The choice is based on an environmental impact assessment and an evaluation of technical and economic factors.The stersundom committee will debate the new land-use plan proposal at its meeting on 26 June 2017. According to the meeting agenda, the committee will request statements on the plan proposal from Helsinki, Vantaa and Sipoo. The proposal will be debated by municipal bodies of elected officials in AugustSeptember. The committee will also request a statement on the plan proposal from the Uusimaa Centre for Economic Development, Transport and the Environment (ELYCentre).
In the event that the municipalities favour the plan proposal, the committee will put it on display in late 2017. Changes can still be made to the plan on the basis of the statements before the plan is put on display. The display will be complemented with presentations, and comments on the plan can be submitted.The stersundom committee is a joint body of the municipalities. The committee is responsible for the plan preparation and will decide on the approval of the proposal. The requirement for approval is decisions by city councils favouring approval. The objective is to have the plan approved during 2018.
City of Helsinki and City of Beijing strengthens collaboration to further exchange insights and knowhow in creating a stronger link between the startup ecosystems. The collaboration is purposed to generate a global network by linking two ecosystems and provide a wider support for domestic startups when targeting into new markets.This opportunity will provide Helsinki based startups a gate-opener to Asian markets through China, as well as supporting ZPark based startups in entering the European market.Beijing is one of the top startup ecosystems in Asia and holds a significant domestic market. Zhongguancun district located in Northeastern Beijing is accommodated by technologists as well as mentors, entrepreneurs, and increasingly promising unicorn-potential startups.Selected startups (Helsinki based and ZPark based) of the Exchange Program will be provided 2 months exchange period free of charge including: co-working spaces, 1-on-1 business coaching from local advisory, and introductions to the local ecosystem and network.We are honored to be able to provide Chinese markets insights to Helsinki based startups as well as introducing Helsinkis ecosystem to ZPark startups. This collaboration will significantly decrease barriers for the startups - both ways - when entering a new market, says NewCo Helsinki's Head of Unit Tommo Koivusalo.
Further information
e-mail: yrityshelsinki(at)hel.fi
  www: ZPark or NewCo Helsinki
More about ZParkWith a goal to take the lead in becoming the high-tech innovation center in the information service fields with international impact and attracting a number of high-end talents having both domestic and international renown.
Anne Stenros thinks it's a good day when she learns something new. Online publication Helsinki Design Weekly found out what is included in the daily work of a City Design Officer.
Anne Stenros started in her position as Helsinkis Chief Design Officer in September 2016. The job description has gathered a lot of interest, especially from abroad, because it is a pioneering position.The City of Helsinki is among the first cities in the world to hire a Chief Design Officer (CDO). The objective is to utilize design knowledge and enforce experimentation culture. With more that 40,000 employees and dozens of large organisations in its tow, the City of Helsinki is one of the biggest employers in Finland. It is important to leverage existing knowledge and expertise.Your job is the Chief Design Officer for the city of Helsinki, but your background is in architectural theory?I completed my architectural studies in Finland and then took a second Masters at Berkeley before doing my PhD in the theory of architecture.Afterwards, I saw glass everywhere, glass ceilings and glass walls. I concluded that there werent any positions for me in architectural education given the male-oriented focus, so I turned to design instead, partly because of my family background.I became Managing Director of Design Forum Finland for nine years, promoting Finish design nationally and internationally. I was then headhunted to run Hong Kong Design Centre where I stayed for one year, and when I was in Hong Kong, Kone headhunted me for their first Design Director and I came back to Finland.
  In September 2016 you were appointed as the first Chief Design Officer of Helsinki. What prompted you to apply for the position after your time at Kone?I actually left Kone to take up a full professorship at Aalto, but it wasnt my world. I just couldnt see the future there. Because of my ten years working at Kone, I was very goal oriented, much more ambitious. It was very hard work and somehow I found the University environment too slow.
  You are always travelling! It seems that public relations comprises a big part of your CDO role.Yes, Im a talking head. I dont know how it is with other disciplines, but in design you need a face to make things tangible. Its not about having a creative genius, but a creative collective that is working behind things.With the CDO position, there has been a lot of interest, especially from abroad, because this is a pioneering position. People want to know what can be done, what kind of role can be developed, in order to learn whether or not they can copy it in their respective cities. But I think there are no such secrets to learn, because it is very context driven. You can apply best practice, but you cant really copy because it depends so much on culture, context and the maturity of the organisation.
  I imagine this aspect of the job makes it difficult to get work done within the city government itself?Well, there are three parts to the position. One is branding the city in terms of design, thats the public figure part. The second is future navigation and what ideas can you bring into city governance or functions. And the third is how you develop these ideas and implement them to support the functions of the city. They are all quite different tasks.To date, I have been involved in the first two tasks, this foresight schematic work and public speaking, but not as much with the third. After June, I will move forward with the Helsinki Lab, which is something I really need more time to go through. I see the Lab as a kind of mothership. Frankly, the city already has so many interesting existing initiatives, I cant see why we should establish another, but rather a team that will support existing labs.
  The CDO position seems to be a clear statement of the citys belief in the economic and public policy benefits of design?Yes, I think it started in 2010 when Helsinki was Cultural Capital of the EU. Then the city successfully applied for World Design Capital 2012 and has subsequently put a lot of effort and resources into design. But it has been more on a project or events level and this is the first time design is really being involved at the strategic level.
  How do you think that design can enhance public sector service planning?I think it works two ways. In a positive sense, design thinking can guarantee better citizen experience in a broad sense. It can also provide a future perspective as designers tend to look for whats next, they are always focused on how to face future challenges.For example, our four future scenarios for Helsinki 2030 are tools for strategic discussion. Over 250 leaders of the city have participated in workshops where we have discussed the citizen experience of the future so that we can make informed decisions about how to proceed.
  What kind of reactions have you had to these scenarios?They have been very positive and people are very engaged. I think this is partly because of the way we have done the workshops, but also because of the tools based on the different scenarios are more visual. Its not just linear, analytical thinking based on prior numbers, but a more intuitive discussion based on what could be. Its complementary to the old scenarios-planning process, but its non-linear and based on intuition rather than an analytical approach, although it nevertheless relies on facts because we did a lot of research.
  And have you noticed a consensus on the four scenarios? Is there a clear winner?The basic idea is that value creation should be co-created in the future, but it depends on both how willing and able people are to be involved. In one session, for example, the biggest number of votes went to the idea of a Civic Sharing City, that is an actively-collaborative involvement, but of course we know that not all people can give so much time for co-creation in practice.In essence, all of the scenarios already exist to a certain degree. The questions for the future is to what extent we want to push one or the other. We can see that people are willing to engage in collaborative modes of working, and theres also the idea of the global and local mind-set which is driving people. I can see that we will be dealing more and more with citizen democracy and the collaborative economy in the future, and its better we adjust our thinking rather than close our eyes to it.Everywhere around the world, people are taking action themselves, they want to contribute. Its a movement from empathy to emancipation. People want to do something. If you look at young service designers they all say, we dont want to complain, we just want to do something. For the first time since the 1970s, design has become very political again. Things are changing.
  Your office is in City Hall?Yes, I have one real room where I can close the door. All the walls are full of papers, mainly linked to my strategic planning work. I have the layout for the publication we are preparing, a vision map and timeline. Then there are boxes full of workshop papers, because I dont have time to empty them. So, I go from one workshop to the next and pick up the brown boxes as I go. I would love to have more space!
  Its interesting that you pin up papers and display technical strategic planning documents in such a visual way.Its inspiring and also valuable for discussion. Its a method for dialogue. When people come to my office, I can explain and they can comment. If all these documents are only on my computer, when I close the lid they disappear. Im an old-fashioned girl. That kind of setting out information really appeals to me.
  As CDO, what do you do on a day-to-day basis?Typically, I give one or two talks per day.
  In Helsinki or abroad?In Helsinki or elsewhere in Europe. I have a lot of meetings. I try to keep them to a minimum, but theres a lot of demand. Im also involved in mentoring young women.
  Presumably this is related to those glass ceilings you encountered early in your own career?Yes. Five years ago, I was reading a lot because I was so frustrated with the situation. When there were ten people in a meeting, I was always the only woman. I looked around and it was especially bad in the technology industry. Along with a few friends, we established a woman in tech biannual event forum, the next one is in October where weve reserved the entire Finlandia hall for 1,000 women. I think its so important to address these issues today and to push the idea that women should not have such a struggle.
  It surprises me that there should be such a pronounced gender imbalance in Finland which has a good reputation for equality.Its a slow process. Sadly, the situation was improving five years ago, but is now declining again. Whenever economics is hit, women are affected.And then, of course, I try to be at my desk to deal with emails and take meetings. In the evening, I usually go to another talk. Then I end up at home and start to prepare my presentations for the next day.
  What happens after the two years of your tenure as CDO?It was always intended to be a two-year innovation project, because of the transformation of the city scale and the new strategy. The idea is to develop an understanding of the role and the concept of the Helsinki Lab and how to continue, but because the city knew everything would change, they didnt want to anchor the CDO in the old system.
  And will you continue to be involved?It depends on the challenges one can have here. Im of that age where I know Im a change-leader. It depends on how many new things I can see ahead of me. I dont want to carve on stone that this is forever for me. If I can do something useful or there are new ideas I can put into action, Im happy to do it, but when it becomes business as usual, it becomes somebody elses job. I think its very important to learn. Every day you learn something, I think thats a good day.
Originally published 14.6.2017in Helsinki Design Weekly: A year as a Chief Design Officer
Text:Crystal BennesCrystal Bennes is an artist, writer and curator. She has curated exhibitions for the Gwangju Design and Venice Architecture Biennales, is Contributing Editor of Icon Magazine, Editor of Pages Of Magazine and Co-founder of the London Research Kitchen.
  In August, Helsinki will host the 75th World Science Fiction Convention, the longest running convention of science fiction and fantasy. The 75th Worldcon will take place in Messukeskus from the 9th to the 13th of August, 2017. Only 20 Worldcons thus far have been held outside the United States, and this is just the fourth time that it has been located in a country whose main language is not English.If you are familiar with the concept of Finncon, Worldcon is that 10 times over. Worldcon, though, is not free of charge and only Guests of Honour get to attend without paying, but the events purpose is not to generate profit it is organised and staffed completely by volunteers. Guests of Honour in Helsinki this year are authors Johanna Sinisalo, Nalo Hopkinson and Walter
Jon Williams, comic strip (bande dessine) artist Claire Wendling, and Swedish fan, translator and literary critic John-Henri Holmberg. The Science Guest is British mathematician and science fiction and nonfiction writer Dr. Ian
Stewart, who is an Honorary Wizard of Terry Pratchetts Unseen University. In addition, Worldcon 75s Also Appearing list is packed with the names of many other well-known writers, artists, musicians, editors, publishers, critics, scientists, and fans.Five days of
experiencesThe chair of the Helsinki convention board, Jukka Halme expects Worldcon 75 to be an all-encompassing experience for its attendees. I expect W75 to be a pervasive experience. People can experience several WOW moments, create new, international connections, and enjoy the full spectrum of science fiction and fantasy literature with old friends. A first-timer should keep their eyes and expectations open, try everything, and enjoy the international atmosphere. During these five days, there is an opportunity to meet and hear dozens of celebrities, to find new friends, and get an overload on all that is available. Hopefully, W75 will be an experience that is never forgotten.Some of the programme events will also be held at the Pasila Library auditorium, which will of course be free to all.Read more:Worldcon 75Helmet
The six largest cities of Finland  Helsinki, Espoo, Tampere, Vantaa, Oulu and Turku  propose in a joint statement that the national reform of social services, health care and regional government should be reconsidered by Finnish Parliament. This reform is under discussion in Parliament, and parts of it are still under preparation.According to the statement, the large cities have been bypassed in the fragmentary preparation process, and the Finnish Governments approach to the reform is narrow and schematic.The statement was signed by the Mayors of Helsinki, Espoo, Tampere, Vantaa, Oulu and Turku.Mayors statementThe relative importance of large cities and the surrounding urban regions has grown and will grow further as a result of urbanization. The populations of the six largest cities of Finland are larger than those of the majority of the current regions. The ongoing preparation for health, social services and regional government reform fails to assess the impacts of the reform on cities and city residents and thereby on the national competitiveness of Finland and the wellbeing of all Finns.Legislation for the vast reform of social services, health care and regional government is currently under consideration by Parliament, but parts of it are still under preparation. Large cities have been bypassed in this fragmentary legislative process, and the legislation is becoming such an entity that is difficult to manage even by experts. The separation of actors who organize services from those who produce services as well as the multiple-provider model are about to result in a confusing outcome.The six largest cities consider that the key to the reform of social services and health care is a successful outcome. This reform as it stands is such a large structural reorganization that its implementation must not be endangered by simultaneous changes related to other sectors. Instead, even the reform of social services and health care must be divided into realistic stages of execution over a sufficiently long transition period. The preparation of the execution of the reform must utilize the competences and experts of the municipal sector. The principle of freedom of choice proposed by the Government has been justifiably criticized, and this principle should be reconsidered. On the basis of the Government proposals for legislation, it is not possible to draw a conclusion on how the Governments goal to curb growth in expenses by three billion euros could be achieved. Instead, the costs of social services and health care are expected to grow in the short term. The legislative proposals fail to address the necessary adjustment of support services, which would be carried out by municipalities. Neither do the proposals address how the massive transfers of social-service and health-care personnel would be carried out reasonably and without endangering basic operations.The cities consider that regional government based on self-government is justified only in terms of the reform of social services and health care. The legislative reform must secure possibilities for large cities to carry out other regional tasks proposed for municipal cooperation. When employment and economic development services, that is, so-called growth services, are reformed, it must be taken special care to avoid creation of overlapping, competing structures. The objective should be to create one actor responsible for organizing the services who is close to customers. It is justifiable to assign the responsibility for versatile employment services, integration of immigrants and customer-centered cooperation with enterprises to large cities and to municipal cooperation, which already now handle these tasks to a large extent.Overall, the Governments approach to the reform is narrow and, based solely on market-based operation, all too schematic. The planned transfers of authority to regions and dramatic narrowing of municipalities tax revenue base undermine the efforts by large cities to improve their competitiveness based on their strengths, as well as undermining the cities efforts to boost dynamism and to develop investments. A mechanic transfer of the current regional planning activities to new regions is not possible, as it would break municipal monopoly in planning. The strong roles of cities and urban regions in the steering of land use and transport and traffic planning must be secured.
The high summer party of light, Midsummer, offers a diverse range of activities and attractions around the City. Midsummer affects the traffic and opening hours. Here is a Midsummer brief to help out:Public transport over the Midsummer weekend
On Midsummer Eve, Friday 23 June, a Saturday service will operate. On Midsummer Day 24 June, a Sunday service will operate. There will be additional night bus services. U line buses will operate a reduced service on Midsummer Eve and Midsummer Day. Additional bus services to Seurasaari and HernesaariRead more: Helsinki Region TransportSeveral traffic contractors offer ferry rides as a possibility to visit the islands of Helsinki. Read more: Water transport
Health Stations are closed on Midsummer (23 - 25 June) and open on Thursday 22 June 8 - 16. Any other day health stations are open Mon - Fri 8 - 16. When local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services.
Adults (over 16 years of age):Haartman Hospital and Emergency Room, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12, tel. 09 310 63231 and Malmi Hospital and Emergency Room, Talvelantie 6J, tel. 09 310 67204.
  Children: Children's Hospital Emergency Clinic, Stenbckinkatu 11, tel. 09 87 10023.
Emergency Dental Care is provided on Midsummer (23 - 25 June) at Haartman Hospital, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12. Appointments can be booked 8 - 21 at 09 310 49999. Night emergency duty is at Tl hospital emergency department, Tlnkatu 40, tel. 09 471 87708. Please always make an appointment by phone before seeking treatment for Emergency Dental Care.
Emergency Social Services and Crisis emergency support 24/7 serve 24/7 also during Midsummer. Emergency Social Services tel. 020 696 006 and Crisis emergency support tel. 09 310 44222.24 h Telephone Health Service, Tel. 09 310 10023: Information is provided about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call.
In life-threatening emergencies  call 112: In the event of a severe and life-threatening illness or accident situation at any time of the day, call 112 for help.Read more: Social and health care services in Helsinki at MidsummerLibraries are closed during Midsummer weekend June 23rd  June 25th with the exception of some self-service libraries. Many libraries also close earlier than usual Thursday June 22nd. Check the opening hours for self-service libraries in Helmet.fi.
  E-library is always open.
The normal and exceptional opening hours of the sports facilities can be found on the sports facilities individual pages.This summer's Seurasaari Midsummer's Eve festival is all about the Finnish Centennial. The festival offers much to see and experience, with something for everyone. Open 4 pm-1 am, tickets 23 , children under 12 free.
  Read more: Seurasaari Midsummer's Eve festivalStadin Juhannus creates Midsummer feeling on the idyllic Lonna island from Thursday to Saturday, 2224 June. Read more: stadinjuhannus.com (in Finnish)Check out the Midsummer week events in the City: www.visithelsinki.fiOpening hours of museums and attractions: Midsummer opening hours 2017 (pdf)
  Bus services from Herttoniemi to Meilahti and Espoo will become more frequent and faster in the coming years when trunk bus routes 500 and 510 start operating. In addition, bus services to the Herttoniemi industrial area and Roihuvuori will improve. Trunk bus route 500 will replace bus 58 and provide a fast link between Itkeskus and Munkkivuori. Trunk bus route 510 on the other hand will replace bus 551. Trunk bus services 500 and 510 will run along the same route between Herttoniemi and Meilahti, where demand for travel is high. Buses 58 and 551 will be transformed into trunk bus routes 500 and 510 in phases. From autumn 2018, buses 58 and 551 will mainly operate along the trunk service routes but under the old route numbers and with the current, blue vehicles. Orange trunk bus routes will be introduced in 2019-2020, along with new route numbers. The phasing is due to operating contracts and various construction projects underway along the routes.The new and faster route of the bus 79 will in the future run via the Suunnittelijankatu bridge and Laivalahdenkatu along the same route as bus 500. The buses will together improve transport services to the Herttoniemi industrial area. The peak time route 79B will be extended from Siilitie Metro Station to the Roihupelto industrial area in autumn 2018.The terminus of bus 80 will be moved from the Roihupelto industrial area to Itkeskus. Buses 80, 82 and 83 will start running more frequently from autumn 2018. The routes of buses 81, 82 and 83 will not change. Likewise, there will be no changes to the night bus routes in Herttoniemi.In autumn 2018, the termini of buses 50 and 59 will be moved from Herttoniemi to Sompasaari to serve the growing area of Kalasatama. Trunk bus routes 500 and 510 will provide a direct link from Herttoniemi to Pasila.The aim of the changes is to create an efficient and reliable route network to meet the travel needs of the growing Herttoniemi area.
HSL has planned the changes in interaction with residents. The changes are based on one of the three options HSL presented to residents in winter 2017. Read more:
HSL
24 h Telephone Health Service, Tel.
09310 10023Information is provided about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call.In life-threatening emergencies  call 112In the event of a severe and life-threatening illness or accident situation at any time of the day, call 112 for help.Health Stations Health stations are closed on Midsummer (23 - 25 June) and open on Thursday 22 June 8 - 16.Any other day health stations are open Mon - Fri 8 - 16.Emergency servicesWhen local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services.Adults (over 16 years of age)Haartman Hospital and Emergency Room, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12, tel. 09 310 63231 and Malmi Hospital and Emergency Room, Talvelantie 6J, tel. 09 310 67204.ChildrenChildren's Hospital Emergency Clinic, Stenbckinkatu 11, tel. 0987 10023.
When local health stations are closed, residents of Helsinki with serious illnesses and in urgent need for care can also go to the Jorvi Hospital emergency room in Espoo, Turuntie 150, tel. 09 471 83300. Residents of Helsinki can also go the the Peijas Hospital emergency room in Vantaa, Sairaalakatu 1, Vantaa, tel. 09 471 67060.Emergency Dental CareEmergency dental care is provided on Midsummer (23 - 25 June) at Haartman Hospital, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12. Appointments can be booked 8 - 21 at 09 310 49999. Night emergency duty is at Tl hospital emergency department, Tlnkatu 40, tel. 09 471 87708.Please always make an appointment by phone before seeking treatment for Emergency Dental Care.Emergency Social Services and Crisis
emergency support 24/7
Helsinki Olympic Stadium is undergoing a major renovation to modernize and renew the 1930s sports venue. The cornerstone of the rebuilt stadium building was laid at the construction site on Tuesday, 13 June. The main roles in the ceremony were played by Helsinki Mayor Jan
Vapaavuori and Esko Ranto, Director General of the Ministry and Education and Culture. Laid in the centenary year of Finnish independence, the cornerstone was placed near the Olympic Stadium Tower next to the original cornerstone, which was laid in June 1936. Finland and Helsinki will now obtain a multi-purpose arena that meets international standards and requirements for major events in terms of facilities, services, performance areas, logistics and technical equipment.
A cylinder placed in the cornerstone was brought to the Olympic Stadium by Lasse Virn, a Finnish former long-distance runner and winner of four Olympic gold medals. According to tradition, the cylinder was filled during the ceremony. The contents of the cylinder are the special coin minted for the centenary of Finnish independence, the Olympic Stadium charter, an extract of the project plan, the list of official participants at the ceremony, the newspaper of the day, and the official coins currently used in Finland.After the renovation, the Olympic Stadium will be Finlands most important event venue, serving sports, culture, entertainment and tourism with the largest capacity in the country. The stadium will be open daily to both citizens and visitors. The Olympic Stadium is expected to attract about one million visitors per year.Helsinki Olympic Stadium will reopen in 2019.More:Helsinki Olympic StadiumStadium video
Several changes will take effect on Monday 19 June. Public transport will switch to summer timetables, ticket sales on commuter trains will end and a bicycle transport trial on commuter trains will begin on the coming Monday. In addition, from Monday, all commuter trains will be low-floor FLIRT trains and the old Pasila station will be closed.
Public transport will switch to summer timetables, ticket sales on commuter trains will end and a bicycle transport trial on commuter trains will begin on Monday 19 June. In addition, from Monday, all commuter trains will be low-floor FLIRT trains and the old Pasila station will be closed.Public transport will switch to summer timetables on 19 June. The timetables will be in effect until 13 August. Construction works and street works cause changes to bus stops around Helsinki. Information about timetables and possible diversions and other changes is available at hsl.fi. The Journey Planner always finds you the fastest, disruption free routes.You can subscribe to disruption alerts and bulletins concerning your favorite routes by creating an HSL account. The service provides you with information about changes to services, plans and disruptions on your routes. The service is free.Read more:Changes to HSLs transport services from Monday 19 JuneHSL introduces new advance purchase single ticketsOld Pasila train station to be closed on 19 June
  The two first-rate beach volleyball fields of the Helsinki Swimming Stadium will host open training sessions from Monday to Thursday, 36 July. The sessions will be supervised every day by professional coaches of Hietsu Beach Volley Club, and on Monday, 3 July, trainees can learn from the top national level as the Finnish national team player Jyrki Nurminen will be on hand to give his advise. The Swimming Stadium beach volleyball training sessions are held 13:0015:00 on Monday and 16:0018:00 on Tuesday to Thursday. The training will focus on basic skills, but depending on the level of participants and their wishes, game strategies and tactics will also be learned. However, there are no skills requirements to join the training, and all players aged 15 and older, both amateurs and more experienced players, are welcome.The beach volleyball training 36 July is included in the Swimming Stadium admission fee (adults 4 / ages 717 2 / others 2.50). Training sessions will be held weather permitting.
Beach Volley in the cityA beach volleyball superweek organized in Helsinki by Hietsu Beach Volley Club  an annual tradition by now  gathers together friends of the sport regardless of age and skills. The 2017 superweek is held 1016 July. During the week, the many fields of the Hietaranta Hietsu beach, as well as the weeks culmination, the Finnish championship game played at Kansalaistori in the Tl Bay area, will see more than 600 players ranging from amateurs to Finlands highest-ranking players. Read more about the Finnish championship game, that is, LhiTapiola Helsinki Open, at hbv.fi/helsinkiopen/ (in Finnish).The Hietsu Beach Volley Superweek events are free of charge.
Read more:
Swimming
Stadium
Hietsu Beach Volley Club
Hietsu Beach Volley Superweek (in Finnish)
Helsinki plans to launch a new bus line operated with one self-driving in the fall of 2017. The introduction of the ne line represents a shift from an experimental phase to regular, scheduled public transit service with self-driving buses. Paving the way for the new RoboBus, two driverless minibuses have been tested in real traffic conditions in Helsinki and other Finnish cities since summer 2016, and these test runs will continue in Helsinki in the summer, when the buses will shuttle passengers in Helsinkis Mustikkamaa recreational island to Helsinki Zoo.
The Sohjoa project launched two EasyMile EZ10 electric minibuses in Helsinkis Hernesaari waterfront district in mid-August 2016 to carry passengers on a straight quarter-mile course on a public street. With an operator on board in case of an emergency, the buses traveled at 11 km per hour, learning the route and accruing knowledge about autonomous bus operation.
Sohjoa project manager Oscar Nissin of Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences explains that Sohjoa is a game opener in autonomous bus R&D, saying, We focus on a number of aspects including sensor technology, user experience, and how to complement overall public transit services with self-driving buses.The road vehicle for RoboBusLine is an electric minibus currently under acquisition through a competitive bid process. The route, the launch date, and the schedule will be announced later. The acquisition is supported by City of Helsinki.One of the factors that make Finland a forerunner in self-driving vehicle operation is Finnish law, which does not state that a vehicle has to have a driver.Sohjoa is an EU-financed joint project by the six largest cities of Finland, Finnish universities, and transportation authorities to prepare for new public transit services and autonomous vehicles.
The construction of the main park to be built in the new Jtksaari district will begin during the summer. The first part of Hyvntoivonpuisto  park of good will  to be constructed is the section between the streets of Juutinraumankatu and Rionkatu. In addition, landfill and earthmoving work will be conducted in the southern part of the park area.Hyvntoivonpuisto will be the principal green area in Jtksaari. It has been designed to be a durable and first-rate urban park. The goal of the park design has been to build an appealing recreational area in this dense city district.The park will serve both as an area for recreation and as a green environment for the pedestrian and cycling route through the new residential area. The park will also include diverse activities for residents. The park has been designed as a pleasant neighbourhood green area that residents will perceive as a safe and an attractive place.
The routes inside the park will be accessible, and so will be the passages to local streets and the streets of Vlimerenkatu and Lnsisatamankatu. The main transport route of the park will be a local pedestrian and cycling route running from one end of the park to the other, connecting the Ruoholahti area to the seashore.The park contractor is the City of Helsinki construction company Stara.The first construction phase will take place in 20172018, after which the park will be built further in sections.Parkplan (pdf)Jtksaari
Swim and be activeThe summer of Helsinki is enriched by the Swimming Stadium, the Kumpula outdoor pool and a large number of beaches. Tennis can be played on City-maintained courts. There is a great deal to do for young people. The activities search allows everybody to find their favourite things to do.Public playgrounds offer summer mealsAll open public playgrounds in Helsinki offer a lunch service until 4 August. Lunch is served at 12 noon on every weekday. Read moreIslands are an integral part of summer in Helsinki The maritime character of Helsinki offers endless opportunities in summer. Helsinki has close to 100 kilometres of shoreline and more than 300 islands. Many of the islands are open to the public for recreational uses.Outdoor markets and flea marketsHelsinki has eight outdoor markets, the biggest of which serve customers at the Helsinki Market Square and Hakaniemi Market Square. Helsinkis three market halls also serve in summer. Zoo and amusement park as parts of summerHelsinki Zoo was proud to announce the birth of three Amur tiger cubs in May. The zoo has not had tiger cubs in 18 years. The Linnanmki amusement park features 44 rides and games, 13 restaurants, and a great deal more. More amusement is offered by SEA LIFE Helsinki, the Tropicario aquarium and the Fallkulla domestic animal farm.Cycling with bike share in the centre and on other bikes everywhereHelsinki features 1,200 kilometres of cycling routes, so almost every part of the city can be reached by cycling.Parks as urban oasesGreen Hearts, Park Walks in Helsinki invite residents and others keen on parks to discover the magnificent and versatile parks of the city with the help of planned walking routes.Summer funHelsinki museumsofferingsHelsinki City Museum is in the Tori Quarters at the Senate Square. The museum offers a comprehensive experience that tells stories of Helsinkis past with the milieu, exhibits and interior. The Helsinki Art Museum, HAM, looks after an art collection that belongs to the people of Helsinki, which includes over 9,000 works of art. The Ateneum Art Museum exhibits the countrys most beloved classics in a new light. Services in summer
The national vaccination programme provides vaccination against chicken pox free of charge to all children aged 1.5 to 11years who have not previously had chicken pox or received two doses of the chicken pox vaccine. In Helsinki, chicken pox vaccinations under the national vaccination programme will be carried out during childrens periodic health check-ups, performed by schools and maternity and child health clinics, starting 1 September 2017.The basic vaccination series includes two doses.During the first year of the vaccination programme, all children who have not had the illness will be given one dose of the vaccine: children aged 1.5 to 6years at a periodic health check-up performed at a maternity and child health clinic, and children aged 7 to 11years at a health check-up performed by their school health care unit. A second dose will be administered at the age of 6years for children under school age and at the age of 12years for school-aged children.Most Finnish people have had chicken pox by the age of 12, and approximately 5% of the population require the vaccine. The information provided by parents on whether their child has had chicken pox is usually quite reliable. There is no harm in vaccinating a child who has already had chicken pox. In cases where it is not known whether the child has had chicken pox, the childs blood is not checked for chicken pox antibodies in connection with the vaccination. At maternity and child health clinics, chicken pox vaccinations are only available by appointment during periodic health check-ups (performed at ages 1.5, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6years). At schools, the vaccine is administered at a health check-up. The need for vaccination will be assessed separately for each school in August. Further information:
Since 1965, the City of Helsinki has congratulated the first baby born on the birthday of the City, 12 June.
Mayor Jan Vapaavuori visited Women's Hospital at 10 in the morning to congratulate the first Helsinkian baby born on Helsinki Day.
A baby girl was born toSara Vehvilinenand Thomas Leutbecher at 00.04 a.m.
In honour of the babys birth, the city will give the baby a colourful patchwork, hand woven at the Uusix workshop. In addition, the mother will get a bouquet of flowers and a greetings letter, according to which the baby will receive a 200 euro gift cheque as soon as the baby has been baptised or entered into the population register.
The Stadin Slangi association has chosen Pirkko Saisio as Stadin Friidu and Reiska Laine as Stadin Kundi of 2017. The selections were announced at 11:30am on the Espa stage on Helsinki Day 12 June 2017.Stadin FriiduPirkko Saisio (age 68) is a Helsinki-born writer, director and actor. She has enjoyed a long career in literature and in addition to a number of novels, she has written plays, scripts for films and TV, miniature musicals, librettos, song lyrics and translations to Finnish. The Friidu has directed many of the plays she has written and engaged in acting herself in the theatre and films.Saisio completed her acting degree at the Finnish Theatre School in 1975. She worked as a professor of dramaturgy at the Theatre Academy Helsinki from 1997 to 2001.The authors debut novel Elmnmeno was published in 1975.Pirkko Saisio has received the J.H. Erkko Award for her book Elmnmeno (1975), the Finnish State Literature Award (1985), the Finlandia Award (2003), the Order of the Lion of Finland  Pro Finlandia Medal (2007) and the Aleksis Kivi Award (2016).
Stadin Kundi
Reiska Laine (age 70) is a Helsinki-born jazz drummer, composer, active member in organisations and former Member of Parliament.
Laine is the only Finnish musician who has performed at thePori Jazz festival every year since its foundation in 1966. In 1981 Laine received the Yrj Award.
Laine has also played and acted in cameo roles in several films and TV series.
Laine worked as a Member of Parliament from 1996 to 1998. He has also been a councillor of the Helsinki City Council from 1997 to 2004.
Laine has been working actively in cultural organisations and councils, such as the board of Pori Jazz, the National Council for Music, the Arts Council of Finland, the board of the Finnish Jazz Federation, the Finland Festivals Council , the supervisory board of the Foundation of the Finnish National Opera and the PAND  Artist for peace organisation.
Stadin Slangi ryis Finland's biggest local heritage association whose important tradition for over 20 years has been to name the Stadin Kundi and Friidu of the year. No actual criteria have never been established, as each board establishes its own definitions. This has led to the range of people chosen over the years being both broad and diverse. Examples of these are the first Kundi and Friidu, Kari Rahkamo and Eva-Riitta Siitonen, or last year's familiar names Pekka Sauri and Leena Uotila.
Stadin Slangi ry
  Security and peacefulness rank high among the characteristics desired for an ideal Finnish neighbourhood. Insecurity and social disorder in a neighbourhood can deepen segregation, weaken the everyday wellbeing of residents and cause stress-related health problems. In Finland, as elsewhere in Europe, suburban housing estates have for decades suffered from a negative reputation, in which disadvantage and social disorder are intertwined.Teemu Kemppainen examines in his newly published doctoral dissertation whether the negative reputation of suburban housing estates is based on reality. According to Kemppainen, Finnish suburban housing estates built in the 1960s and 1970s are not marked by much more social disorder than other urban areas, despite unfavourable socio-economic trends in suburban housing estates. His findings are based on extensive survey and register data compiled in the Helsinki metropolitan area in 2012.Suburban housing estates are not a uniform set of residential areas
It should be borne in mind, however, that Helsinki metropolitan suburban housing estates are not a uniform set of residential areas they differ considerably, for example, in terms of income and education levels. Suburban housing estates can also be found in privileged areas such as Lauttasaari, Kulosaari and Tapiola. The situation in these areas is quite different from that in disadvantaged estates, where social disorder is more typical.
Research supports the success of social mixing 
The municipalities of the Helsinki metropolitan area have sought to prevent the emergence of residential areas dominated by rental housing with the help of the policy of social mixing. The roots of the social mixing policy in Helsinki go back to the 1960s, when youth unrest during the early years of the Siilitie residential area aroused worries about increasing social disorder in new residential areas. Kemppainens study shows that social disorder is more prevalent in suburban housing estates dominated by rental housing than in areas dominated by owner-occupied housing. This is particularly the case in areas with large numbers of city-owned rental housing units.According to the study, a heavy focus on rental housing in an area is related to socio-economic disadvantage, which makes the area more prone to prevalence of social disorder. One reason for this is that, according to the study, the capabilities of local communities in disadvantaged areas for social control are usually weaker than those in more privileged areas. The socio-economic mix of an area can be influenced by impacting the areas mix of housing types in terms of ownership structure, and this seems to be of crucial importance in terms of local social life.The study sheds light on social disorder and insecurity perceived by
people in their residential areas 
The study examines social life in different residential areas. The study approaches the question through resident sentiments and observations focusing on subjective insecurity and perceptions of social disorderincluding public drunkenness, vandalism, threatening behaviour and the likein different residential contexts. The study focuses on Finnish suburban housing estates built in the 1960s and 1970s. The study was conducted with support from the PREFARE project (20122015) financed by the Academy of Finland and from the KONE Foundation.The study is also the doctoral dissertation of Teemu Kemppainen, MSc (Political Sciences). The public examination of the dissertation was held on Saturday, 10 June 2017, at the Faculty of Social Sciences of the University of Helsinki.Publication:
Teemu Kemppainen: Disorder and insecurity in a residential context: A study focusing on
Finnish suburban housing estates built in the 1960s and 1970s, City of Helsinki, Executive Office, Research series 2017:2, PDF publication.
The old Pasila train station will be closed for good on Monday 19 June 2017. At the same time, the bus stops located on Pasilansilta in front of the old station will be closed. The arrangements will be in place until autumn 2019, when the new Pasila station and Tripla shopping center will be completed. A temporary train station was opened in Pasila already in April.There are major changes to access routes for passengers changing between trains and buses. There will be minor changes to the locations of the stops for trams 7A/7B and 9.The temporary Pasila station Kiss & Ride area and all taxis will be relocated to Veturitori from 19 June. At the same time, the access route from Opastinsilta to the Pasila Station Square will be closed for construction.Read more
The Union of
International Associations (UIA) published its annual congress city statistics
at the start of this week. Helsinki is now the most popular city for
international association meetings in the Nordic region. The latest statistics published by the Union of International Associations (UIA) cover congress events held in 2016. Accordingly, 286 international association meetings attended by 60,790 congress visitors were held last year in Helsinki. These congresses generated almost EUR 115 million in tourism income for the Finnish capital.Helsinki is now the most popular congress city in the Nordic region and the 10th most popular in Europe. Stockholm is in 16th and Copenhagen in 18th position. Altogether the statistics published by the UIA cover 1459 cities, says Ines Antti-Poika, Convention Director at Helsinki Marketing.
Helsinki
to host major allergology congress in JuneFrom 17 to 21 June 2017 Helsinki will be hosting the worlds biggest annual scientific meeting in the field of allergology and clinical immunology. The annual congress of the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology (EAACI 2017) is expected to bring almost 7000 participants to the Messukeskus Helsinki, Expo and Convention Centre, and it will generate over 12 million euros in tourism income for Helsinki.
International association meetings are an important source of income for Helsinki. According to a delegate survey commissioned by the Finland Convention Bureau in 2016, individual congress delegates spend an average of 1750 euros during their stay in Helsinki, Ines
Antti-Poika explains.In addition to generating tourism income, international association meetings also serve as the basis for important interactions and events.For example, a charity fun run is being organised in connection with EAACI 2017. The idea behind the Allergy Run is to increase awareness about allergies and to raise funds for allergy research and education, Antti-Poika says.The Allergy
Run will take place on Sunday 18 June at 8pm at Tlnlahti. The start and finish are at the Telia 5G arena, and the distances are 2.5 and 5 kilometres. Runners should sign up in advance.Its great to see how social responsibility and participation in the local community are seen as being increasingly important among congress organisers. These days many congresses include public lectures and other open events where people can meet the delegates, network and do good deeds while also enjoying the summer in Helsinki, Antti-Poika comments.These kinds of events also generate publicity for the associations outside the congress venue and help bring the content of these meetings into the public arena, she adds.The World Circular Economy Forum (#WCEF2017) organised by the Finnish Innovation Fund Sitra and its partners attracted even more participants than anticipated this week. The topical issue and top speakers brought 1500 participants from 105 countries to Finlandia Hall from 5 to 7 June to discuss the UNs sustainable development targets.
Helsinkis ranking in the
UIAs congress statistics in recent years:Congress highlights
this summer in Helsinki:
The Helsinki Day is part of Finland's independence centenary celebrations and to mark that, the celebrations will span two days from 11 to 12 June. The party starts on Sunday and continues around the city in almost 200 events until late Monday evening.
"  New Mayor Jan Vapaavuori is eagerly awaiting his first Helsinki Day: ""It is a pleasure and honour to be able to host the traditional morning coffee that has been arranged for 58 years and meet fellow citizens."" In addition to the morning coffee, arranged on the Senate Square from 9 to 11am, Vapaavuori's programme for the day includes a visit to meet the first Helsinki baby born on the birthday of the City. The Mayor from the neighbourhood of Tl is even on the shortlist for the Stadin kundi award in Stadin Slangi ry's Stadin friidu and kundi competition. The winner is announced at the event on the Espa stage, which starts at 9:30am. Other contestants for the titles include the like of Jrn Donner, Vesa-Matti Loiri, Irja Askola and Pirkko Saisio.The programme of the Helsinki Day is even more varied than before and that has been made possible mainly by the volunteer work of the citizens. Even if not organising programme yourself, on this year's Helsinki Day it is exceptionally easy to donate a contribution to the volunteer work in honour of the centenary of Finland's independence. On the Hiiop100.fi website, there are several Helsinki Day events, such as Senioreiden Suomi 100 spint (Finland 100 activities for senior citizens) or Puuvallilan lasten katubileet (children's street party in Puuvallilla), for which it is possible to sign up."
The centenary of Finland is visible in many ways in the programme. Centenarian superman from Helsinki Torsten Liljeberg picks up the first early potatoes in Herttoniemi, a singalong, whose programme consists of songs from the years of Finnish independence, is arranged in the Banquet Room of the City Hall and 40 seal sculptures designed by Stefan Lindfors conquer the Senate Square.The Sunday programme puts emphasis on events directed at families with children and on Monday there will be, for example, traditional classic numbers as well as entirely new events for all citizens. The entire programme can be found at www.helsinkipiv.fi, where it is also possible to create your own favourite list and share it with friends. Entry to all Helsinki Day events is free. There is a sign language interpreter for people with hearing impairment, who is available at the following events: Helsinki Day opening and morning coffee at the Senate Square at 9am and the announcement of Stadin friidu and Stadin kundi on the Espa stage at 11.15am.Helsinki Day has been celebrated since 1959. The initiative to celebrate the day was taken by the Helsinki-Seura association. King Gustav Vasa of Sweden founded Helsinki by the estuary of the River Vantaa on 12 June 1550.
The annual Facts about Helsinki booklet provides a set of essential statistics about Helsinki and its residents. The pocketsize 24-page publication contains key facts and figures about topics such as population, environment, housing, construction, health care, education, trade, tourism and government. Part of the tables and figures cover the entire Helsinki Region and include comparisons with all of Finland. The publication is available in Finnish, Swedish and English. Facts about Helsinki has been published in a total of eight languages, with the German, French and Russian editions appearing every other year, last in 2016. The latest Chinese-language edition is from 2012 and the Japanese from 2009. Publication:Facts about Helsinki 2017
More information:Timo Cantell, tel. +358 9 310 73362, e-mail: timo.cantell(at)hel.fi 
The Kaivopuisto Air Show is a huge, aviation-themed event, organized by the Finnish Aviation Museum. The Show will be held on Friday Night, June 9th 2017. Various aircraft types representing the past, present and future of Finnish Aviation will take part in the Show. The Show will take place in the air, land and sea.The display line goes past the central coastline, from Katajanokka to Pihlajasaari. The Show can be watched from a wide area, from the Helsinki Market Square to Hernesaari. The ground display area is located in Kaivopuisto.The Kaivopuisto Air Show is the main event of the Finland Flies! -campaign. The campaign is part of the official Finland 100 -program.The Air Show is an open event, no entrance fee required. 
Kaivopuisto Park
  Friday 9.6., 4 pm to 9 pm
More informationThe Kaivopuisto Air Show
The public playgrounds of Helsinki celebrate an anniversary on Helsinki Day, 12 June: they have been serving hot summer meals to children for 75 years! The playgrounds mark the day by serving their young customers clear rainbow trout soup with rye bread. They also offer diverse activities to celebrate the anniversary.Playground meals in summer 2017All open
public playgrounds in Helsinki offer a lunch service until 4 August. Lunch is served at 12 noon on every weekday. Playground lunches are full daytime meals for children and young people when complemented with snacks and drinks brought from home. The lunches are free of charge to all playground customers under age 16. Public playground meals are provided by Service Centre Helsinki.
  Read morePublic playground summer lunch menus, in Finnish: www.hel.fi/ruokalistat(select Leikkipuistojen keslista)Lunch menus for the whole summer season 5 June4 August, in Finnish
Almost 200 events will take place throughout the city on Helsinki Day: Sunday 11 June and Monday 12 June. The Helsinki Day celebrations will begin on Sunday 11 June with a special programme especially for families and children.
This summer the traditional morning coffees on Helsinki Day can be enjoyed at an event hosted by the Mayor of Helsinki among the seals in Senate Square at 9am on 12 June.The seals are part of the HejHylje! campaign in which 40 Finnish artists have added their personal touch to seal statues designed by Stefan Lindfors. The seals highlight the importance of protecting the Baltic Sea and include Kasper Strmmans famous poop emoji seal (kakkaemojihylje).The City Slang Man and Woman of the Year will be announced on the Espa Stage at 11am, which is an hour earlier than in previous years. This years candidates for Woman of the Year are Irja Askola, Baba Lybeck, Pia Landen and Pirkko Saisio, while the candidates for Man of the Year are Jrn Donner, Teemu Laajasalo, Jan Vapaavuori and Vesa-Matti Loiri. In the afternoon nostalgic dances while be held in the Esplanade Park.
The Songs of Independence will be performed in the Banquet Hall of City Hall at 5pm. Local residents were asked to discuss their song memories from the past hundred years, and on Helsinki Day a selection of these songs will be performed at a sing-along concert that is part of the official Finland 100 programme.This years main Helsinki Day concert is being organised together with Radio Suomipop in the brand new Tlnlahti Event Park behind Finlandia Hall. Featured artists include Erin, Chisu, Kaija Koo, Mikael Gabriel, The Rasmus, Lauri Thk and Antti Tuisku. The open-air concert is free of charge, and gates open at 2:30pm.
Live music can also be enjoyed at numerous other events on Helsinki Day, including at the Kontula Shopping Centre Festival from 1pm to 8pm and at the Kids Street Party in Puu-Vallila from 2pm to 6pm.
The popular Ruffle Army will once again delight families and children up and down the Esplanade Park with their giant magical soap bubbles. The performances will take place every half hour between 2pm and 4pm.
Along the north side of the Esplanade Park, long tables with white tablecloths will await 1000 locals and their guests who will get to enjoy Dinner Under the Helsinki Sky starting from 7pm. Places at the table must be reserved in advance.
Another traditional favourite on Helsinki Day is the Yurt Sauna by the Tlnlahti bay. The sauna will be kept hot on both Sunday and Monday from 3pm to 9pm. It is a mixed sauna but there are separate changing rooms for men and women. The Yurt Sauna is a non-alcoholic event.
The citys birthday celebrations will culminate this year with the Nightingale Tour, which is organised by the local association Puistola-Seura ry and takes 2.5 hours. The tour departs from the parking lot of the nature trail that circles around Malmi Airport at 10pm on 12 June.
This year the Helsinki Day celebrations will begin already on Sunday 11 June with a special programme for families and children.
The programme on the Espa Stage will be hosted in three languages by Johan Storgrd and feature the Fun in Helsinki stand-up comedians Ali Jahangiri, Fredi Lilius, Riku Suokas, Rich Lyons and Anitta Ahonen from 1pm to 6pm.
Also on Sunday, local businesses along the Pikkuroba pedestrian street join forces and rejuvenate the quietest stretch of street in the city centre at the Little Roba, Big Party block party. Visitors can enjoy the food, music, street art, activities for kids, interactions and communal atmosphere from 11am to 5pm.
The Helsinki City Museum in turn will offer Baby Tango from 12noon to 3pm. Two performances will be given, at 12noon and 2pm, and each one lasts 40 minutes.
Another highlight of the programme on Sunday is the Forest Food wild vegetable tour, which gives city dwellers the chance to explore the nature at Uutela. The tour departs at 10am from the Kampela Caf (Uutelantie, Vuosaari). Along the way participants can pick the wild vegetables and herbs that are in season in June.Helsinki Day has traditionally been marked by a communal spirit with various charity projects taking place throughout the day. This year local residents are being encouraged to take part in volunteer work and to do good deeds together. Hiiop100.fi serves as a market and meeting place for volunteer activities. Visitors can search for volunteer projects by theme, place or time. Almost 200 events will take place throughout the city on Helsinki Day. Heres how to create your own list on thewww.helsinkipiv.fiwebsite:
1. Simply click on the heart with the text Save as a favourite that appears next to any event that interests you.
  2. You can then access your list of favourites by clicking on the heart on the top right of the screen.
  3. Activate the location of the event on the map by dragging your mouse across the name of the event.
  4. You can share your list of favourites by clicking on the share icons at the bottom of the list. You can also save your list in pdf format by clicking on the pdf icon.Helsinki Day has been celebrated since 1959. The original initiative was proposed by the Helsinki Society. The date marks the founding of Helsinki by King Gustav Vasa of Sweden at the mouth of the Vantaanjoki river on 12 June 1550.
Helsinki Day is organised by the City of Helsinki together with active residents.Read more:helsinkipiv.fiFascinating early summer in Helsinki offers a superb selection of Finland 100 events
brandnewhelsinki.fi
The new City Council of Helsinki opened its season by electing Jan Vapaavuori (National Coalition Party) as Mayor at the Councils first meeting on Wednesday, 7 June. The City Council also elected four Deputy Mayors, who are as follows: Anni Sinnemki (Green League), responsible for the City Environment sector Pia Pakarinen (National Coalition Party), Education sector Nasima Razmyar (Social Democratic Party), Culture and Leisure sector and Sanna Vesikansa (Green League), Social Services and Health Care sector. All Mayors were elected by a unanimous vote.The Mayor is the highest-ranking official in the Helsinki City government and chairs the City Board. The Deputy Mayors are members of the City Board and chair the sector committees of their respective areas of responsibility.The City Council elected Tuuli Kousa (Green League) as Chair of the City Board. First Vice Chair of the City Board is Harry Bogomoloff (National Coalition Party) and Second Vice Chair is Pentti Arajrvi (Social Democratic Party).
Our geographical location may be a little remote and theres room for improvement with the weather, too, but Helsinki has long had reason to be proud of its startup field. Global success stories, such as Supercell and Rovio, were created here together with Slush, the largest startup event in Europe, and FiBAN, one of the strongest business angel networks in Europe.Now we have an official study on the matter too. The cities in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area participated in the international Global Startup Ecosystem study that compares startups opportunities for global success in 55 different urban areas. More than 10,000 startups and 300 partner organisations took part in the study.Even though Helsinki, smaller than many of its competitors, didnt make it to the top twenty of the most attractive startup ecosystems in the world, the study shows that Helsinki has clear leading features in international comparison. The featherweight Helsinki is still keeping up with the heavyweights.Being small also has its pros. According to the report, startups in Helsinki felt the least to be competing with corporations (first place). This describes the strength of the community and indicates how different actors understand the significance of co-operation. Investors dont only give money to startups but stay on as mentorsthe results showed that Helsinki comes in third in the number of advisors with equity. On the other hand, also employees are significant part-owners in the companies: 46% of startups provided stock options to all employees, which took Helsinki to seventh place in the global comparison. Another strength of the Helsinki startup field was the high level and oriented approach of the manufactured products. Helsinki came fourth in globally leading products and sixth in product global focus. In addition, the composition of the teams also has significant ingredients for business: startups in Helsinki had the sixth largest percentage of biz & tech founders in a team.All in all, Helsinki did best in the area of global connections. We reached sixth place in both the percentage of foreign customers in own continent and in startups relationships to international partners. One reason for the success in this area must be the small size of our internal market, which directs startups to go global.The report also raised the development targets of the Helsinki startup ecosystem. There is room for improvement and challenges to resolve especially in increasing the value of investments and exits as well as in increasing the number of experienced startup entrepreneurs and so-called unicorns. Also more foreign startups are needed in Helsinki.This is why Helsinki Business Hub in co-operation with FiBAN and Arctic Startup invites all actors in the startup field in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area on 27 June 2017 to Startup Maria 0-1. The event is a joint think tank of what we can do to solve these development targets and what kinds of signposts are needed. The introduction to the event will be held by the research group of Startup Genome. We will also hear the thoughts of Tekes, FiBAN, venture capital investors and startup representatives on the reports results. Read more: Global Startup Ecosystem study
Buses in the Helsinki region and most of machinery and trucks used by the City of Helsinki are switching to waste and residue-based biofuels. Helsinki Region Transport HSL, the City of Helsinki and the producers of renewable fuels involved in the project are all pioneers in carbon-neutral transport. The project is internationally significant.
  Commercial vehicles operated by the City of Helsinki and bus services commissioned by HSL will fully switch to renewable fuels by 2020. This is a pioneering project in global terms.
  Helsinki City Construction Services, Stara, which operates most of the citys vehicles, will be involved from the City of Helsinkis side.
  Switching to biofuels will markedly reduce carbon dioxide and local particulate and nitrogen oxide emissions. This will have a particularly clear impact on air quality in the center of Helsinki, says Unit Director Sami Aherva, of Stara. Sustainably produced biofuels are playing a major role in reaching the emission targets of Helsinki Region Transport. The BioSata project could accelerate the transition from fossil fuels, says Reijo Mkinen, Project Director at HSL.The participation of key players in the BioSata project enable a rapid transition to biofuels. HSL, Stara, UPM, Neste, Teboil, St1, the Ministry for Economic Affairs and Employment, the Finnish Petroleum and Biofuels Association and the Technical Research Centre of Finland VTT are jointly seeking the most extensive possible use of biofuels. The project is part of the Helsinki regions Smart & Clean project, which aims to achieve the most attractive zero-emission mobility in the world. The advantage of high-quality liquid biofuels lies in the fact that neither new vehicles nor a new distribution infrastructure are required. Local emissions can be reduced through the targeted use of biofuels. Particulate emissions can be reduced by up to a third, by using renewable diesel in older vehicles and machinery. At best, biofuels reduce greenhouse gas emissions caused by the production and use of fuel by 8090 per cent compared to fossil fuels.Taking into account the number and types of vehicles involved, such as buses, trucks and construction machinery, BioSata is Europes largest coordinated advanced biofuels project. The project will also involve follow-up measurements. These measurements will cover issues such as fuel performance, impacts on local emissions and energy efficiency, and maintenance needs, says Research Professor Nils-Olof Nylund of VTT, who is in charge of coordinating the project.Vehicles serving on HSLs routes in the Helsinki region include around 1,400 buses, which consume about 40,000 tons of fuel each year. Staras own vehicle fleet uses around 2,000 tons of fuel a year. About 500,000 tons of biofuel are produced in Finland on an annual basis.The national energy and climate strategy requires that Finland raise the share of biofuels to 30 per cent of all fuels by 2030. Finland is a leading country in the use and development of advanced biofuels based waste and residues.Read more:HSL
  Helsinkis brand identity has changed. The City of Helsinki adopted a new Helsinki logo and other new visual symbols at the beginning of June in conjunction with the thorough reform of the City organization. The rebranding of Helsinki sought a fresh new brand identity that respects the past and is both modern and timeless.The new logo of Helsinki is based on the traditional old Helsinki crest, and it includes the word Helsinki. The traditional crest will not disappear but will be reserved for festive uses.The colours of the new brand identity are familiar to citizens. They are the colours used, for example, in the Helsinki crest, the cupola of Helsinki Cathedral, the Suomenlinna fortress island and the brick wall of the Hakaniemi Market Hall. The new brand identity is made up of 14 different colours.The City of Helsinki has had no uniform brand identity up until now, and city departments and projects have had their own varying identities and logos.The reform of the City organization offered a good opportunity to unify the Citys brand identity. Now that the entire organization produces and uses materials based on a uniform identity, the Citys actions can draw more attention and be more efficient, as well as saving money.Increasingly clear communication
For citizens the reform means increasingly clear, easily understood and more resident-oriented marketing and communication about the City and its services. People working in Helsinki or visiting the city will perceive Helsinki more easily than before as a straightforward, appealing, modern, functional and enjoyable place. The uniform identity also helps Helsinki to differentiate itself from other cities and regions.The new brand identity does not concern Helsinki Art Museum, Helsinki City Museum and the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra. Helsinkis municipal enterprises also retain their former identities.The design of the brand identity was carried out by the brand design agency Werklig, which was selected through a competitive bidding process. The design work was assisted by several City experts. The adoption of the brand identity was decided by the Mayor.The introduction of the new brand identity throughout the organization will take time. It is likely that many years will pass before the identity is fully established.
  The Environmental Award of the City of Helsinki was granted to two operators  ResQ Club Oy, which supplies leftover food, and textile recycling company Recci. The theme for the award was circular economy. ResQ Club strives to reduce food waste, while Recci develops methods for textile recycling. The jurys reasons for choosing these companies included their innovativeness, customer orientation and international attractiveness. The jury chose ResQ Club and Recci as the winners, as they are both at the heart of circular economy with a consumer-oriented approach, and they have both created a functional business model.
 The competition gathered excellent candidates. The jury wished to award businesses in both the food and textile industries, as they each have considerable environmental impacts and only a small portion of their circular economy potential has been utilised so far, says Pekka Sauri, who served as the chair of the Environmental Award jury. ResQ Club has expanded its operations to several European countries, and the jury sees that the operations have potential for expanding further both in Finland and abroad. At present, the service is used by more than 1,000 food providers, with potential to expand tenfold in Finland alone.Recci has created a variety of ways to utilise textiles and is building a textile recycling system in Finland. The jury particularly appreciated the diversity of the operations, in addition to the adoption of new ways to utilise textiles in Finland. In Finland alone, an estimated 7080 million kilos of textiles are thrown away each year, which proves that there is considerable potential for expanding the operations. The recognitions were presented to the winners at Helsinki City Hall on 6 June during the evening event of a circular economy-themed seminar organised by the Finnish Innovation Fund Sitra. The award was presented by Pekka Sauri.
 The Environmental Award of the City of Helsinki is a recognition awarded for valuable work for the environment. The award is granted to a Helsinki-based operator, but the winner may also be a national operator if the operations or act nominated for the competition significantly affect Helsinki.The winner receives the right to use the City of Helsinki Environmental Award logo. The logo has been renewed to correspond to the new look of the City of Helsinki.The Environmental Award has been granted since 2008, and so far six Helsinki-based operators have received it.Further information on the 2017 winners: 
ResQ Club Oy has quickly become a widespread rescuer of food waste. Through ResQ Clubs application, restaurants can sell any food that is left over from lunch service, for example, in the form of handy take away portions while the food is still fresh. ResQ Club has previously acquired the Swedish Rdda Maten and is in the process of merging with the German Meal Saver. The companies feel that the best way to reduce food waste is to work together, rather than compete. So far, ResQ has saved approximately 84,400 kg of food through the service.
resq-club.com/Recci/Tekstiilipankki Oy is a Helsinki-based company that specialises in textile recycling. It collects textiles consumers are no longer using, helps companies sell their old collections and directs materials to be utilised according to the waste hierarchy. Recci has voluntarily begun to build a recycling system in Finland and direct usable materials forward while simultaneously transforming these activities into a business. Recci also accepts torn and ragged textiles. Textiles in good condition are sold forward, while those in poor condition are transported to Central Europe, where they are treated and processed into materials and insulation for the household appliance and automotive industries, for example. Only a few per cent of the clothes and accessories delivered to Recci shops and recycling points end up being burned as waste. According to estimates, Recci will recycle 600,000 kilos of textiles in 2017.www.recci.fi
Jury for the 2017 Environmental Award:Pekka Sauri, The Chair of the Environment Award jury
Esa Nikunen, Director General, the City of Helsinki Environment Centre
Jouni Keronen, Executive Director, Climate Leadership Council
Tiina Kh, Executive Director, Smart & Clean Foundation
Jussi Manninen, Executive Vice President (Solutions for Natural Resources and Environment), VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland Ltd
Leena Paavilainen, Director (new business opportunities), Natural Resources Institute Finland
Laura Jrvinen, Specialist (circular economy), The Finnish Innovation Fund Sitra.
Finnish Red Cross own event plaza Gimis takes over Kansalaistori in Helsinki city centre in June. Gimis is open on Tue 6th to Sat 10th at 11 am  7 pm and on Sun 11th at 11 am  4 pm. The six day long summer event showcases the multitude of Red Cross operations both in Finland and abroad. Come refresh your first aid skills, find second hand bargains at Konttis pop up shop or peek into an actual emergency evacuation hospital used at catastrophe sites. Children can bring their favourite toy to be cared for at Teddy Hospital and take their first steps into the world of help and first aid. During the week, the audience gets to hear interesting and topical discussions, enjoy entertaining music performances and participate both in morning exercise, first aid training andcircus work shops! Coffee is served throughout the week. Pop in for a moment or spend the entire day  welcome to Gimis!The event is part of the Finnish Red Cross 140 years celebrations.Read moreGimis
  A major renovation and upgrade project at Helsinki City Theatre begun in June 2015 is now complete. The building technology of the theatre has been thoroughly upgraded with careful attention to the nature of this protected building designed by architect Timo
Penttil. The theatre technology now equals that found in Broadway productions. The City Theatre will reopen to the public in August.The City Theatre personnel moved back to their newly renovated building at the beginning of May. The theatres jubilee production to celebrate the 50th anniversary of Helsinki City Theatre is a Finnish musical based on the beloved tale of life in the 19th century Finnish archipelago Myrskyluodon Maija(in SwedishStormskrs Maja). Ticket sales have hit a record with 47,000 tickets sold.The original total budget for the renovation and upgrades was 67 million euros, comprising 56 million for the renovation and 11 million for theatre technology. The project was implemented within budget with additions caused by increases in building costs and the producer price index. The project was financed with a long-term loan from MuniFin (Municipal Finance or Kuntarahoitus) and with subsidies from the City of Helsinki and the Finnish Government.Audience comfort has been improved with increased public toilets, better accessibility and guidance to the visually and hearing impaired. The lobbies have been equipped with digital displays, and the signage has been redesigned. Other improvements include cabinets for private parties in the upper-floor lobby of the main stage. New faade lighting varies by the time of day and season, helping Helsinki City Theatre to stand out in the cityscape.
Read more:
Helsinki City Theatre
Forests, cafs and museums become environments of
"learning in the new Education sector.The school year in Helsinki is drawing to a close but the Education sector is buzzing even in the summer as Arbis, Helsinki Finnish Adult Education Centre, the Education Department and the Department of Early Education and Care merge into a single sector on 1 June.The entire city will become a learning environment and digitisation will advance in day care centres, schools and institutions. The City of Helsinki invests in education. We wish to take care of everyone and create skills and expertise for the future. We don't simply wish to be the best in Finland but the best in the whole world, says Head of Education Liisa Pohjolainen.Digital learning can happen anywhereDigitisation is a huge trend in the education world of Helsinki as it enables studying anywhere, anytime. The use of computers, smartphones and various Internet applications in learning is on the rise. However, the core of all learning lies in interaction. Digital contents, policies and tools support the curiosity of a child, young person and adult and sustain the joy of learning. They are a natural part of the learning environment, says Pohjolainen. In the future, it will also be possible to combine various learning groups in a creative manner. For instance, a day care centre and Helsinki Vocational College could operate in the same facility. The day care centre could provide college students with wonderful work experience and the solution would serve both parties, envisions Pohjolainen.Sector communications find their place among clientsIn early June, the sector will launch a new website, renew its social media channels and update its customer service with a ""one-stop shop"" policy. At the same time, the Education sector will start to use the new Helsinki logo and visual look in its communications and marketing. The marketing materials and the signs and guides in 700 locations are among those that will be gradually renewed.How is the current atmosphere in the sector? For us, the beginning of June is full of joy and festivity as pupils, students and many of our employees start their summer holidays. Congratulations to all graduates! says Liisa Pohjolainen."
The City of Helsinki
is planning a kilometre-long art wall for the future Hernesaari construction
site. The construction of a new residential area in Hernesaari will begin next
year with the demolition of warehouse halls. The wall will separate the
demolition and construction site from the street and waterfront area.
Because the wall of the construction site will be highly visible and exceptionally long, and it will be in place throughout the duration of the Hernesaari construction, the wall will be turned into a local landmark. The wall will also be one of the first items seen by many of Helsinkis 440,000 annual cruise ship passengers. Furthermore, Hernesaari is a popular leisure destination in summer.One goal with the wall is to enliven the city and to provide new space for the whole spectrum of public and street art in Helsinki.Design competition
for the wallThe City organized a design competition for the art wall to Aalto University students of graphic design in early 2017. The competition received 9 proposals, and first prize went to Helsinki 24h by Armi Teva and Miia Puustinen.The evaluation criteria in the competition were attention to the location and scale of the wall, story telling, and ease of implementation. Challenges presented by the task to designers included the extreme weather conditions of Hernesaari, as well as the length of the wall. Furthermore, the wall will be visible from long distances, so it must function from both short and long distances.According to the jury, the winning design illustrates Helsinki and city residents in an appealing manner. The wall tells stories of Helsinki over 24 hours. The stories are from different parts of the city. The jury was pleased with the contrasts of the stories and considered them to withstand the test of time. They also assessed that the graphics and illustrations can be implemented.Second prize in this high-quality competition went to Juha Liede and third prize to Akbar Khatir. Miila West received an honorable mention.
The jury was chaired by Helsinki Chief Design Officer Anne Stenros. The other members of the jury were Outi Sntti, Project Manager for the Lnsisatama (West Harbour) development, Matti Kaijansinkko, Project Manager for area planning, Laura Aalto, Development Director at Helsinki Marketing Oy, and Jesse Pasanen, a street art expert at Grafia.Hernesaari to be home
to 7,000 peopleThe emergence of Hernesaari as a new residential area will begin in 2018. A segmental city plan has been proposed for the area, and the proposal will be presented to the City Council during the current year.At first, the Hernesaari warehouse halls will be demolished. Housing construction will begin in the next few years to proceed over many years. By 2030 Hernesaari will provide 3,000 jobs and be home to 7,000 people.Read more:Helsinki New Horizons
The National Parade on the Flag Day of the Finnish Defence Forces will be held in Helsinki on 4 June 2017. In addition to the review of troops and pass in review, the programme will include vessel and materiel displays, a flight show and the Defence Forces' Finland 100 summer tour 2017 concert. The events are free of charge.The parade will be reviewed by President Sauli Niinist together with the Commander of the Finnish Defence Forces General Jarmo Lindberg. Field Bishop Pekka Srki will hold the field devotional and the parade troops will be commanded by the Army Chief of Staff Major General Petri Hulkko. The theme of the parade is: National defence is everybody's business. Troops from the Finnish Army, Navy and Air Force, National Defence University, Border Guard and veteran's and national defence organisations will participate in the day's events. The parade will include a total of more than 1,300 persons, 50 vehicles and 19 aircraft.
  The review of troops will take place at the Senate Square at 12:00. The pass in review on Mannerheimintie will begin at the Simonkatu - Kaivokatu intersection at 13:30 and progress in the direction of Musiikkitalo. The pass in review will be viewed in front of Musiikkitalo.In addition to the marching troops, the parade will include 50 vehicles. For the first time, a 155 mm Armoured Howitzer K9 Thunder will participate in the parade event. The flypast will include Army NH90 helicopters and Hughes MD500 light helicopters, the Border Guard's Super Puma sea rescue helicopter as well as Air Force Hornet fighters and Hawk jet trainers.In addition to the parade, the day will also offer many other things to see around Helsinki. It will be possible to visit Navy combat and support vessels and equipment in the Etelsatama harbour and the Border Guard's offshore patrol vessel Turva at the Katajanokka dock.A joint air show of the Air Force and Army will take place at the Kaivopuisto park before the review of troops, where NH90 transport helicopters, F/A-18 Hornet fighters and the Midnight Hawks aerobatic team will perform. All flypasts are subject to weather conditions.There will be a joint equipment display of the Army, Air Force and other authorities on the Kansalaistori square, which will be open all day. Also on the Kansalaistori square, the highlight of the day will be the Defence Forces Finland 100 summer tour 2017 concert, where the Defence Forces' Guards Band and Conscript Band will perform with soloists Sami Pitkm, Osmo Ikonen and Heini Ikonen.The general public is invited to attend all of the Flag Day's events. The review of troops and pass in review can also be watched on giant screens at the Senate Square, the Market Square and the Kansalaistori square. The parade will affect the traffic in Helsinki. The public is asked to arrive in good time using public transportation in order to avoid traffic congestion. It is advisable to avoid using one's own car in the city centre at the time of the Flag Day's events, as some streets and areas will be completely reserved for the parade. Preparations will begin already on 3 June at parade locations.The Guard Jaeger Regiment is responsible for parade arrangements.More information:
  Programme for the Flag Day
Information on traffic arrangements
  As of 1 June 2017, the City of Helsinki services relating to city planning, construction, maintenance, and the environment have been brought together as a new entity, the city environment sector.Through the reform, the following agencies have been discontinued and their activities will be taken over by the new sector: the City of Helsinki Environment Centre, the City Planning Department, the Public Works Department, the Building Control Department, the Real Estate Department, the Tukkutori Wholesale Market, and the Housing Production Department.The major changes in organisational structure are related to the broader reforms of the City of Helsinkis management system. The first changes in the city environment sector will be made first, especially concerning internal cooperation and decision-making arrangements.The boards governing the agencies have been abolished, and some of their decision-making powers have been transferred to sector officials. The activities of the new sector are guided and supervised by the new city environment committee and its two divisions.The total number of staff in the combined agencies is 1,700. The Executive Director of the City Environment sector is Mikko Aho. The sector consists of four entities: Land use and city structure, Buildings and public areas, Services and permits, and Sector administration.The sector also includes the Helsinki City Rescue Department and Helsinki City Transport (HKL). However, these two department will continue as separate entities, both under the control of their respective committees and executive boards.Although the departments that are being amalgamated into the new sector will no longer exist, the services they provided will continue, and will be continually developed. All the customer service points from the discontinued departments will remain at their current addresses throughout the summer. Some changes are being planned for the autumn, when the customer service of the city environment sector will be more concentrated in the Srnistenkatu office.Many office addresses have just been changed, as hundreds of employees in the sector changed their work address by the end of May. The names and addresses of the new units are in the process of being added to the new sectors website: www.hel.fi/kaupunkiymparisto/en.The websites of the discontinued departments will no longer be updated, and their social media accounts are being updated in line with the organisational changes. You can find us on Twitter as @HelsinkiKymp, and on Facebook as Helsingin
kaupunkiymprist. See you there!
Nordic heads of state will celebrate the centenary of Finlands independence in Helsinki on Thursday 1 June 2017. President of the Republic Sauli Niinist and Mrs Jenni Haukio will be the hosts for the day. The presidential couple will welcome Queen Margrethe II of Denmark, King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia of Sweden, King Harald V and Queen Sonja of Norway and President Guni Thorlacius Jhannesson and his spouse, Eliza Jean Reid, of Iceland in ceremonies beginning in the forecourt of the Presidential Palace at 10.30 am. After the ceremonies, the presidential and royal couples will greet the public from the balcony of the Presidential Palace. The general public can watch the guests arrive at the Market Square (Kauppatori in Finnish) and Pohjoisesplanadi. After the programme at the Presidential Palace, the day will continue with a lunch hosted by Helsinkis incoming mayor Jan Vapaavuori at the City Hall. Weather permitting, the Finnish presidential couple and their guests will walk from the Presidential Palace to the City Hall at around 11.20 am, greeting the public on their way. In addition, the presidential and royal couples will watch a Dancing Finland (Koko Suomi) dance event, held in the Market Square, from the balcony of the City Hall. The performance will include Humppa and street dance. For more detailed instructions on where members of the public will be located, see the map on the website of the Office of the President of the Republic. It is best to enter the area along the Esplanade.In the afternoon, President Niinist, Mrs Haukio and the Nordic heads of state will participate in the re-inauguration of the Hanasaari Swedish-Finnish Cultural Centre. Gunvor Kronman, the CEO of Hanasaari, will host the event. The guests will also visit the Sibelius Monument in the Sibelius Park, where they will hear singing by the choir of the Helsinki Music Centre, among other performances. The park will also be open to the public, but the actual public event for the head of states visit will be arranged at the days beginning, in the Market Square and Pohjoisesplanadi. The day will end with a banquet in the Presidential Palace. Yle will broadcast part of the visit live on television and on Yle Areena. Members of the public can participate in the day via the social media by using the hashtags #FInland100 and #together.Special traffic arrangements will be made in Helsinki for the day. The Helsinki Police Department will make more detailed announcements on these. 
Bigger map .pdf
Finland 100: Nordic heads of state to celebrate the anniversary of Finland's independence
  Helsinki director of transport and traffic planning Reetta Putkonen explains how Helsinki can be moving efficiently and sustainably in an interview that appears in the English section of the Helsinki-info bulletins new edition. Helsinki cant accommodate any more cars, so growth will have to take place in other modes of transport, Putkonen says and outlines the Citys strategic efforts to promote walking and cycling, while new major light-rail lines are about to go under construction.Helsinki-info presents Traveling Sauna, a project created and carried out by two Finnish immigrants in the United States, Jouko Sipil and Risto Sivula. They celebrate the centenary of Finnish independence with a mobile sauna that they take from state to state, from one major U.S. city to another. They explain that Traveling Sauna goes far beyond celebrating traditional Finnish culture: it serves as a platform for drawing attention to the modern, globally competitive Finland.In its regular series on immigrant life in Helsinki, Helsinki-info introduces Ethiopian Solomie Teshome, who also enjoys Finnish sauna as well as other aspects of Finnish lifestyle, while she applauds the strengthening multiculturalism of Finland. She says that every immigrant can find a place in Finland.
Read the above articles at Helsinki-info
  The City of Helsinkis leadership and the entire City administration have undergone a thorough reorganization, which goes into effect on 1 June. This is the largest reorganization in the City administration in decades. The reform has a small immediate impact on citizens. City services will be operating as before, despite major changes in the providing organization. One of the long-term goals of the reform is to provide services increasingly smoothly and efficiently as well as in a customer-oriented manner. Simultaneously with the organizational reform, the City has adopted a new political governance system, which includes the offices of the Mayor and four Deputy Mayors. The goal of the new governance system is to strengthen democracy.
Tens
of City departments combined into four sectorsThe City also shifts to a new sector-based organization as of the beginning of June, meaning that the operations of the Citys 31 departments and the Citys municipal enterprises are transferred to four sectors. From here on, these sectors are responsible for the City services provision.
City
leaders electedHelsinkis new City Council elected in April will convene for the first time on 7 June in a meeting that starts at 18:00, to elect the new City leaders. The Council will first elect the Chair and two Vice Chairs from among its members. The Green League has announced that their candidate for Council Chair is Tuuli
Kousa. The National Coalition Partys candidate for First Vice Chair is Harry Bogomoloff, and the Social Democratic Partys candidate for Second Vice Chair is Pentti Arajrvi.The National Coalition Party has secured the Mayors office, which will go to Jan
Vapaavuori, as well as the office of the Deputy Mayor for education, which will go to the National Coalition Party candidate Pia Pakarinen. The Green League has secured the offices of the Deputy Mayors for city environment and for social services and health care. The candidate for the former of these two offices is Anni Sinnemki the candidate for the latter office is Sanna Vesikansa. The office of the Deputy Mayor for culture and leisure goes to the Social Democratic Party, whose candidate for the position is Nasima
Razmyar. The City Council will also elect the members of sector committees, committee divisions and committee boards. Sector committees will be chaired by Deputy Mayors.The decision-making system in accordance with the new organization as well as the webpages of the new sectors have been published on the City website. Page contents will continue to be updated.Read more 
Tuulikki Becker, the current CEO of Helsinki Marketing, will retire at the end of 2017.
Laura Aalto, MA, will take over as CEO of Helsinki Marketing on 1 September 2017. Aalto joined Helsinki Marketing in February 2016 as Development Director. She has been responsible for overseeing the process of change during which time the scope of Helsinki Marketings operations has expanded from tourism marketing to more comprehensive city marketing.
Helsinki Marketing is the city marketing company owned by the City of Helsinki. The companys former marketing name was Visit Helsinki. The name Helsinki Marketing reflects the companys expanded scope of operations and was introduced in April 2017.Helsinki is changing faster today than ever before in its history. The city also has a clear vision of how it can stand out in international competition. The citys marketing operations are being guided by its new brand concept and marketing strategy.When selecting the new CEO, the Board of Helsinki Marketing emphasised Aaltos marketing experience and international expertise.Brand New Helsinki
Ticket sales on trams will end at the beginning of 2018. The aim is to make tram services even more efficient. Tram tickets will be discontinued when HSLs new zone model is introduced.
For years, HSL and HKL have been looking for measures to speed up tram services and improve their reliability without compromising service level and ticket revenue. The discontinuation of onboard ticket sales is a necessary first step in order to implement other measures to improve the punctuality of tram services, such as improving traffic signal priorities.The importance of tram services increases as the tram network in central Helsinki is made more accessible and the crosstown light-rail link, Raide-Jokeri, starts operating at the beginning of the 2020s. In future, the length of journeys made by tram will increase from the present. At the same time, the need for speeding up travel increases.Longer trams are needed to accommodate more passengers. Discontinuing tickets sales by drivers enables making the most of the capacity of new trams. Single tickets can be purchased in advance at kiosks and stores from summer 2017. The aim is to start selling single tickets also at new parking ticket machines in Helsinki during this year.The new zone model will be introduced at the earliest at the beginning of 2018. In the zone system, there will be neither city-specific tickets nor transport mode-specific tickets. Tram tickets will be discontinued to ensure the clarity and ease of use of the new fare system. On the basis of customer feedback, the tram ticket valid only in zone A is deemed to be confusing. On the other hand, when the Raide-Jokeri light-rail link is introduced, tram network will extend far beyond the Helsinki city center.
Read more
    HSL
Helsinkis street art programme of summer 2017 highlights the city enlivened by street art. The programme encourages both residents and visitors to tour places that they havent experienced before. Throughout the summer, the programme offers large and small street art happenings, open surfaces to paint, and suggestions for street art routes. Helsinkis street art summer is organized jointly by citizens, independent action groups, associations, enterprises and the City of Helsinki.
The amount of street art in Helsinki has vastly increased over the last five years. The City of Helsinki strives to support the enlivenment of city districts by easing permitting processes and by providing high-profile sites for street painting.
The City has launched a website that compiles the Helsinki street art sites and practices: streetart.helsinki at http://katutaidehelsinki.fi/. Website visitors can browse hundreds of street artworks on a map. The website presents the current and future locations of street art, and it contains information on permitting practices and recommendations for street art routes.Street art tour
through the city
Are you familiar with the mural on Tuubapolku in Kannelmki, the street art fence in Herttoniemi, the electrical transformer boxes on Fredrikinkatu and the water tower in Roihuvuori? They are all parts of the Helsinki street art tour that has been published on the streetart.helsinki website. The tour of nine artworks will expand with new works all along the summer.Major projects of the
summers street art programme
Some of the most visible street art sites will be the 300-metre noise barrier in Kulosaari and possibly the Malminkartano rail station. These projects have been looking for a total of 40 painters to realize the art.The summer will see painting on tens of underpasses and a street-art car touring related events. Hundreds of artworks to be created on 16 walls open for painting will markedly increase the international appeal of the Helsinki street art scene.Highlights
of the street art programme* Generation 2017 at Amos Anderson Art Museum 19 May3 September 2017. The exhibition presents the nascent art of young artists.* The City of Helsinki will organize a painting happening at the Kulosaari noise barrier and an open painting session at the Suvilahti graffiti wall in connection with the Helsinki Day celebrations. On the same weekend, the Kallio street art square will be coloured in a communal fashion: Helsinki Urban Art holds painting workshops at the Vaasanpuistikko park 1011 June 2017.* The City of Helsinki is making preparations for the Malminkartano rail station painting project to take place in early August.* Helsinki Urban Art will organize several street art projects in Pasila in mid-August.* More painting opportunities will be provided in early autumn by the Lhifest 2017 event, 30 September1 October 2017. Read more: streetart.helsinki
24 h Telephone Health Service, Tel. 09310 10023Information is provided about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call.In life-threatening emergencies  call 112In the event of a severe and life-threatening illness or accident situation at any time of the day, call 112 for help.Health Stations Health stations are closed on Thursday 25 May. Any other day health stations are open MonFri 816.Emergency servicesWhen local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services.Adults (over 16 years of age)ChildrenWhen local health stations are closed, residents of Helsinki with serious illnesses and in urgent need for care can also go to the Jorvi Hospital emergency room in Espoo, Turuntie 150, tel. 09 4711. Residents of Helsinki can also go the the Peijas Hospital emergency room in Vantaa, Sairaalakatu 1, Vantaa, tel. 09 471 67060.Emergency Dental CareEmergency dental care is provided on Ascension Day 921 at Haartman Hospital, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12. Appointments can be booked 821 at 09 310 49999. Night emergency duty is at Tl hospital emergency department, Tlnkatu 40, tel. 09 471 87708.Please always make an appointment by phone before seeking treatment for Emergency Dental Care.Emergency Social Services and Crisis emergency support
24/7Emergency Social Services and Crisis emergency support serve 24/7 also during Ascension Day. Emergency Social Services tel. 020696 006 and Crisis emergency support tel. 09310 44222.
The last of the tarpaulins covering Tori Quarters buildings has been removed, and Helsinkis Empire-era centre can start its busy summer season, which promises street parties, theatre, chamber music and good food.A weekend tour of the Tori Quarters strikes the visitor with the sharp contrast between the area today and the area as recently as the early 2000s, when it was quiet and nearly closed to passers-by.
The bustle of the Tori Quarters starts from Helsinki City Museum, which has attracted a large crowd of tourists in addition to Helsinki residents. Its difficult to find an empty table at the local cafs. Remembering the past over lunch at the brewery-restaurant Bryggeris patio, the visitor chuckles: this place was occupied by waste containers only a while ago.Peggy
Bauer, Tori Quarters Operative Director, sighs with satisfaction. The vast Tori Quarters renovations are nearing the end, and the summer of 2017 will be the first one in the quarters in nine years when the magnificent buildings are not covered by a single tarpaulin. The Tori Quarters were revived quite quickly, although it occasionally seemed like the renovations would take forever, and many thought that the changes were too radical.Helsinki Mayor Jussi Pajunen remembers that a revival of the Empire-style city blocks was discussed as early as the beginning of the 1970s. The buildings were then largely occupied by city operations, and understandably the staff were not eager to give up their central location.The revival would take brisk decision-making in the first decade of the 2000s as well as an operator that could systematically develop the quarters.As a result, the Helsinki City Group company Helsingin Leijona Oy was established. The company has been a crucial factor in the success of the fast-paced process, Mayor Pajunen says. The transformation of the Tori Quarters started after a working group appointed by Mayor Pajunen surveyed the space occupied by central administration. The city operations would have to go, to be replaced by activities that would make the place come to life on evenings and weekends, too: cafs, restaurants and street-level boutiques, as well as entertaining events for city residents and visitors. 
New locations were found for the Real Estate and City Planning departments. City Treasury and Communication Office on Katariinankatu also had to move. The city exhibition and information activities moved out of Jugendsali and into the City Hall lobby, which became a citizens living room shared by residents and tourists.The plans included transforming the closed inner courtyards into public places and opening the personnel cafeteria to the public.The transformation began from Jugendsali and moved forward from building to building, from block to block.Whats happening in the Tori Quarters today? If you havent visited the quarters for a while, its time to take a tour, Mayor Pajunen and Bauer suggest.
You could start the tour from Helsinki City Museum on Aleksanterinkatu, which has been named the museum of the year, and continue from there to the small artisan-style boutiques on the adjacent Katariinankatu, to a caf praised for its superb brunches or to an Italian restaurant at the corner of the Market Square.The Tori Quarters serves the public with 17 cafs and restaurants this summer, as well as with a long list of boutiques. The boutiques sell a wide variety of products ranging from Finnish contemporary crafts and design to ecological cosmetics.The approximately 40 services of the quarters include the brewery-restaurant and a radio station. The quarters even have their own cinema, Kino Engel, which has reopened after a full renovation.Other appealing destinations include Roberts Coffee in Jugendsali and Pizzeria via Tribunali, which serves Neapolitan pizza.The Tori Quarters keep busy on Sunday. For example, Virka-gallery welcomes visitors to see its exhibitions. 
The summer promises many events in the quarters. The summer season begins in May with the Lovely Helsinki (Ihana Helsinki) city festival, which opens the outdoor restaurant season.The festival offers a great deal of the beauty, joy and interaction typical of city boutiques, especially with a flower event the flower shop of your dreams that welcomes everybody to make their own flower bouquets in a space at Sofiankatu 4 and accompany the bouquets with notes. Later in the summer, friends of chamber music are pampered with their own festival, and the City Museums inner courtyard hosts a stage for childrens theatre. In August, the quarters host a traditional street party.
The opening of the Tori Quarters to the public was one of Mayor Pajunens visions, and he extends his gratitude to everybody who has participated in the project. He himself was eager to create Virka in the City Hall lobby and to transfer the City of Helsinki exhibition space and information service from Jugendsali to Virka, despite a debate about the move that was often heated and few words were spared.He is pleased that the public has found Virka-gallery and the Virka-info information centre, which includes an immigrant information service. Visitors average 400,000 per year. Admittedly this high number is partially explained by the City Halls splendid public toilets, which are used by many tourist groups among others.According to Mayor Pajunen, a crucial player in the revitalization of the Tori Quarters was the Diocese of Helsinki, which helped to energize the area by illuminating Helsinki Cathedral, highlighting this buildings role as the symbol of Helsinki. People associate Helsinki with the Cathedral, which plays a crucial role in the quarters appeal. The Diocese of Helsinki has joined the efforts to develop events for the Senate Square.The transfer of St. Thomas Christmas Market from the Esplanade Park to the Senate Square was an important move. The markets new Christmas City has attracted large numbers of visitors, who often have to stand in line to ride the carousel. Mayor Pajunen is grateful to all elected officials whose support made the transformation happen. The transformation was also made possible by the personnel move. The former chief executive officer of Helsinki, Tapio
Korhonen, played an important role by systematically pushing the process forward.
The central status of Helsinkis Empire-style city blocks is strengthened by the adjacent Market Square, by SkyWheel Helsinki at the Katajanokka waterfront and by Allas Sea Pool.Helsinki islands can be reached from the Market Square, as ferries to the Suomenlinna sea fortress and waterbuses to the Vallisaari and Kuninkaansaari islands depart from the square.Mayor Pajunen reminds us that in ten years people can walk to the Mustikkamaa recreational island and Helsinki Zoo. The area keeps gaining strength as the Market Square and the site originally meant for a Guggenheim museum are developed.
Has the transformation of the Tori Quarters been a success? Has your vision been realized? Whenever were doing something new, we cant be certain about success. The Tori Quarters have exceeded my expectations. The positive change happened faster than I would have believed. For example, I didnt expect Virka to attract such high numbers of visitors. Moreover, the entrepreneurs of the quarters have been more satisfied than I first expected.Read more www.torikorttelit.fiText: Kirsi RiipinenPhotos: Laura Oja
The telephone advice service for supplementary and preventive social assistance is available MondayFriday 9am12 noon.Telephone advice serviceThe telephone advice service provides
advice and guidance on Appointment booking Basic social assistanceBasic social assistance is granted by Kela. Kelas phone service for matters related to social assistance is available MondayFriday 8am5pm, tel. 020 692207, www.kela.fi/web/en/social-assistance.
  Helsinki and Espoo encourage their citizens to organize events on the city waterfronts during the summer of 2017, in accordance with the Rantakes  Summer Waterfront  concept, which was launched in Helsinki in the summer of 2015. The concept is joined by Espoo this year.Report your event on a map and adhere to the event
etiquette
Whats exceptional about Summer Waterfront in terms of event organizing is that events only need to be reported on a digital map and that the organizers only commit themselves to adhering to the event etiquette. These measures replace the normal permitting process. The programme of events is coordinated by Yhteismaa ry, which is known for other communal happenings such as the Cleaning Day recycling festival, outdoor dining events and the Nifty Neighbour neighbourhood social media.For this summer, 19 sites have been reserved on Helsinki and Espoo waterfronts for events. Information on the sites and events as well as instructions to organizers and attendants can be found on Rantakesa.fi. The events are also reported on this website. The events must be free for all and free of charge. Disorderly or commercial events are not accepted.Anyone can organize events, which can be of diverse nature. Events so far have included an Indian fest, bands, meditation, a crawfish party, a naked swimming party, moonlight dancing and flea markets, says Tanja
Jnickeof Yhteismaa, who invented the concept.We decided together with the Helsinki City Planning Department to find a method to allow people in Helsinki to enjoy summer all along the Helsinki shoreline from east to west, she says. Others in the Helsinki city administration were excited with the idea, and the police and rescue services were favourable it.The idea was so good that we wanted to help the effort to make it come true. I hope that people become excited to utilize this unique opportunity. The event concept is a bold experiment even on the national scale and shows trust in city residents, says Pivi Munther, an expert in event organizing at the City of Helsinki Economic Development division.Last summer saw more than 40 events organized on Helsinki waterfronts by residents. Espoo became interested in the concept and wanted to join.Espoo has a magnificent shoreline and a great deal of unused potential on it. The extension of the event concept to Espoo allows small-scale events to be held on our waterfronts. We are very happy with the good cooperation with Helsinki, says Lea Rintala, who manages events and cultural services at the City of Espoo.Events can be held from Helsinki Day to Espoo Day
Small and larger events can be held on the Helsinki and Espoo waterfronts on any day from 11 June to 27 August 2017, that is, from Helsinki Day to Espoo Day.As necessary, Yhteismaa advises and assists event organizers in practical matters. However, every organizer is responsible for the organizing tasks themselves.We believe that when people are given the opportunity to utilize public space in meaningful ways, they also bear responsibility for this space that belongs to all of us, Jnicke says confidently.Read more:
Rantakes(in Finnish only)
How to build a sustainable future for us all? Vote for the best solution at Helsinki Challenge Semifinal Pitch Nights!Helsinki Challenge is a science-based competition where teams create solutions to UNs sustainable development goals. Throughout the spring 20 teams have been developing and refining their solutions through a variety of tools as well as Finnish and international mentors. Soon our international jury will choose five to seven teams to continue in the accelerator programme. All of the 20 Helsinki Challenge semifinalist teams take the floor for the very last time at Helsinki Challenge Semifinal Pitch Nights 6.-7.6.2017.Now its your turn to decide which solution continues in the competition! Most voted team and solution during Helsinki Challenge Semifinal Pitch Nights proceeds straight to the finals. The finalists chosen by the jury will be announced 19.6. The winner of the Helsinki Challenge competition will be announced in November. The 375,000 prize is meant for implementing the solution.Can you imagine wearing clothes made out of Finnish wood or carrying a miniature lab in your pocket? Join us at Helsinki Challenge Semifinal Pitch Night on June 6th and hear about solutions that promote healthier and more sustainable future.When: 6.6.2017 at 18:00
  Where: The Great Hall, University of Helsinki Main building, entrance and cloak room at Aleksanterinkatu 5
  Register for the June 6th event hereWhat if we could 3D print functioning organs or use virtual environments for cognitive and physical training? Join us at Helsinki Challenge Semifinal Pitch Night on June 7th and hear about solutions that tackle challenges like population ageing, urbanization and digitalization.When: 7.6.2017 at 18:00
  Where: The Great Hall, University of Helsinki Main building, entrance and cloak room at Aleksanterinkatu 5
  Register for the June 7th event here
Helsinki Challenge is a science-based idea competition and accelerator programme. Helsinki Challenge is part of the Finland 100 jubilee years programme. The University of Helsinki organises the competition in collaboration with Aalto University, Hanken School of Economics, University of Eastern Finland, University of Jyvskyl, University of Oulu, University of the Arts Helsinki, University of Turku, University of Vaasa and bo Akademi University.
In
addition to traditional threats, the Baltic Sea is threatened by climate change
and micro-waste. One more threat to the sea is the expansion of cities on
waterfronts. Helsinki, Turku, the University of Helsinki, NGOs, research
institutions and corporations join forces to find the best local solutions to
protect the sea.
A new Baltic Sea panel met for the first time on 15 May 2017. The panel stems from the Baltic Sea Challenge collaboration of the cities of Helsinki and Turku and the University of Helsinki. The challenge, launched by Helsinki and Turku a decade ago, looks for new and especially local approaches to the work. International collaboration to protect the Baltic Sea and to improve the state of the sea has intensified. But because protection has to be carried out locally, cities can continue to be leaders in the work and promote new experiments and pilot projects. In order to apply new knowledge and ideas, we need broad-based cooperation. We need to recruit the best experts in corporations, NGOs, universities and research institutions, and that is why we have put together this local-level Baltic Sea panel for 20172018, says Helsinki Mayor Jussi
Pajunen, who launched the Baltic Sea Challenge in 2007 with his Turku colleague.
What will the Baltic Sea look like in 2100?
The main goals of the Baltic Sea panel are to initiate a public debate, to support research and to make initiatives concerning coastal waters and Baltic Sea protection. The panel also activates various Finnish actors to protect the Baltic Sea and their local waters. The starting point of the work is scenarios for the future to 2100 and for the climate.Its still true, as it was when we launched the Baltic Sea challenge, that unless we manage to turn around the development of the sea, the impacts will be negative on all uses of the sea. Its essential to consider various scenarios and their impacts in terms of the entire area and the competitiveness of the areas businesses, points out Turku Mayor Aleksi Randell to the members of the panel.New threats to the
Baltic Sea  solutions from citiesIn addition to the familiar problems, such as nutrient loading and oil spill risks, other alarming risks to inland waters and the sea that have been recognized in recent years are climate change and micro-waste. These risks are bigger than assessed previously. Coastal cities also expand on waterfronts. New types of urban culture related to waterfronts and islands are developing. Local waters are increasingly important to people.Local actors such as cities and corporations have ambitious climate goals and strategies. Strategies to protect our unique Baltic Sea should be related to long-term climate goals, says Professor Markku Ollikainen, chairman of the local-level Baltic Sea panel, who also chairs the national climate panel.Climate change will also increase the loading to the sea, as winter rainfall and storms increase. As the climate changes, new social planning and partnerships are vital in terms of the protection of waterways and the sea, Ollikainen continues.In addition to representatives of the founding cities, the members of the local-level Baltic Sea panel include the following:Markku Ollikainen, Professor, Department of Economics and Management, University of Helsinki, Chairman of the Baltic Sea panel 
An exhibition on the works of Cris af Enehielm opens at HAM on friday. Striking a bold feminist pose, the exhibition showcases af Enehielms work with an emphasis on her paintings from the 1980s and 1990s.
Cris af Enehielm (b. 1954) is a provocative artist who works with equal facility as actor, director, scriptwriter, dancer and costume and set designer. The show also includes two new monumental paintings and a review of af Enehielms work as a pioneer of Finnish performance art.Af Enehielms breakthrough as a visual artist took place in the early 1980s when she created a body of work featuring grotesque and emphatically bodily female figures. She drew inspiration from her own personal life as well as from comics, pop art and representations of women in advertising. At the turn of the 1990s, the female figures in her work were replaced by eternal goddesses as a tribute to motherhood or Mother Nature.
Cris af Enehielm has been a key figure in Finnish performance art since the 1980s. Enehielm was a member of the performance groups Fgel Fenix, Les Mutiles, Homo $, and Jack Helen Brut, and most recently was with the sound and motion performance group Srjen ni. The common features shared by these groups are an anarchistic attitude and investigation of the notion of gender.The two monumental paintings in the exhibition were commissioned by HAM from af Enehielm with funds for public art. Following the exhibition, they will be mounted permanently at adult education centre Arbis in Helsinki.Read more
HAM
The Lovely Helsinki city festival  Ihana Helsinki
  festival  is in its sixth edition this year, bringing flower art to the heart of the city 1821 May. This annual festival focuses on the Helsinki city centre and its various actors, promoting a dynamic and versatile downtown Helsinki for both residents and visitors. The festival is joined by all downtown shopping centres, by close to 80 cafs, bars, restaurants and boutiques, and by 5 museums including the Ateneum and Kiasma art museums. The festivals flower art exhibition has double the number of works compared with last year. The Tour de Terrace happening opens the citys outdoor restaurant and bar season. Other programme items include the Night of Shops, the Family Saturday and the Design District Market.Selected EuroPark garages offer free parking, making it easier to come to Helsinki from outside the metropolitan area. The parking benefit is available with a QR code. See http://www.europark.fi/english/home/The festival programme is free of charge. Events offered by museums are included in their admission fees.The Helsinki city centre offers a rich palette of exciting places and services. The Lovely Helsinki festival presents all this in a new light, with flowers highlighting the spring of Helsinki, says festival producer Hanna Arkio-dos Santos
The flower art exhibition  a series of artworks in the city centre  is organized for the third time as part of the festival. The works are placed in a series that takes the audience on a tour from the Esplanade Park to the Kaivopiha plaza, and from there to the Three Smiths Statue, to the inner courtyard of the Annantalo Art Centre and to the Helsinki Music Centre Musiikkitalo. The series proceeds via the Kaisaniemi Park to the Diana Park. Helsinki city centre actors, artists and florists produce flower artworks for both outdoor and indoor spaces that will be on view throughout the festival from Thursday through Sunday.Arkio-dos Santos applauds the flower artworks saying, These magnificent 16 artworks take people on a spendid tour through the city centre. Read more:Festival website and programme. Note, in Finnish only. 
The numbers of housing starts and completed housing units in Helsinki hit record highs in JanuaryMarch this year: the numbers were the highest recorded in the past ten years. Thus the number of housing units under construction remained at a high level. However, the number of building permits granted was exceptionally low. But according to information released by the Building Control Department, the number of applications for building permits for housing production has been high, and the number of permits granted during the second quarter of the year should equal the average number of permits granted in recent years.Assessed by the type of home ownership, the housing production of the early 2017 has been marked by a large number of state-subsidized rental units. More Ara rental units have been completed so far this year than during the entire 2016. Assessed by the types of housing under construction, it is evident that the number of new Ara units of the total will level off during the rest of the year.More than one-fifth of the housing units under construction are located in Jtksaari. Housing production is proceeding at a fast pace in the project areas of Kruunuvuorenranta and Kuninkaankolmio, that is, Kuninkaantammi and Honkasuo. The share of large project areas of all project areas is about 45 percent.In JanuaryMarch, a total of 1,365 housing units were completed in Helsinki, 1,376 units were started, and permits were granted for 802 units.Helsinki New Horizons
  The amount of measurement points will at least double in the Helsinki region as a new supplementary air quality network of sensors will be installed during the next year. The new system will enable agile and economical way to gather new information about the air quality of the Finnish capital city region.
The new data and a predictive model will improve the monitoring and communications in the capital city region. The Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority HSY will bring new air quality maps to its web site as well as to information screens on trams and the metro. The ENFUSER modelling tool by the acclaimed Finnish Meteorological Institute will create predictions on the regions air quality, which will help the citizens to avoid air pollutants. The model combines the air quality data to weather data, topological maps, building data and pollution source information.The air quality data and predictive model enable air quality improving measures. For example, the need to water or clean the streets to avoid harmful dust can be predicted better than before. A new cooperation model of businesses and public bodies in the Helsinki Metropolitan Smart & Clean project creates also the foundation to export the solutions developed in the region to cities, where air quality is a significant problem. Read more
The first Seabin floating rubbish bin in Finland and all of Northern Europe was launched in Uunisaari, in front of Kaivopuisto in Helsinki, on 9 May. The pilot project has a three-month test period, during which real-life Finnish experiences on the use of the floating rubbish bins are collected. The second floating rubbish bin will be launched in Helsinki at the turn of May and June.The introduction of the floating rubbish bins in Finland is a project by the technology group Wrtsil, belonging to the Finland 100programme. For the next three years, Wrtsil will be the global pilot partner for the Seabin Project, and donate new bins to the City of Helsinki and the Port of Helsinki, who, in turn, are responsible for the use and maintenance of the bins in Helsinki. Wrtsil is also negotiating the donation of bins in Turku and Vaasa, as well.The Port of Helsinki takes nature into consideration in all of its operations, and cooperates with various bodies regarding environmental issues on local, national, and international levels. Participation in the maintenance of the floating rubbish bins and the analysation of the collected rubbish fit in as a natural part of the port operations, as does drawing attention to the global phenomenon of littering of the sea.Read more:Port of HelsinkiSeabin floating rubbish bin video at the City of Helsnki Twitter
  The Finland 100 centenary year provides a great addition to the numerous events in Helsinki during the early summer. Now is the time to invite your family and friends along, and head together to the city. There will be plenty of experiences available, and some you wont be able to experience for a second time in Helsinki.
Nordic heads of state will celebrate the centenary of Finlands independence in Helsinki on Thursday 1 June 2017. President of the Republic Sauli Niinist and Mrs Jenni Haukio will be the hosts for the day.
The presidential couple will welcome Queen Margrethe II of Denmark, King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia of Sweden, King Harald V and Queen Sonja of Norway and President Guni Thorlacius Jhannesson and his spouse, Eliza Jean Reid, of Iceland in ceremonies beginning in the forecourt of the Presidential Palace at 10.30 am. After the ceremonies, the presidential and royal couples will greet the public from the balcony of the Presidential Palace. The general public can watch the guests arrive at the Market Square (Kauppatori in Finnish) and Pohjoisesplanadi. Read more
Taitaja 2017, a national skills competition for vocational education students, will be organised at the Messukeskus Helsinki, Expo and Convention Centre from 15 to 18 May. A vast audience of 80,000 people is expected to visit the event. The competition will see different types of skills and competitors, such as the most skilful ones from the Finnish vocational education institutes, three-pupil teams from comprehensive schools competing in the Taitaja9 crafts competition, and finalists in the skills competition for students with special needs. Altogether, more than 500 competitors will take part in the competition, with the number of categories exceeding 50.A large event called Horses at Kaivari will be organised in Kaivopuisto Park on 20 and 21 May. The event is held during the weekend, and besides the different types of equestrian sports show numbers it consists of competitions: there is a show jumping competition between riding schools, a running competition for Icelandic horses, a show jumping competition for ponies and City horse races for trotters. The event is a family event, and the programme also includes lead line riding, horse-drawn carriage rides, a domestic animal park and brunches organised in cooperation with the nearby restaurants at Kaivari Park.
 The national parade of the Flag Day of the Finnish Defence Forces will be organised in Helsinki on 4 June. In addition to the parade review held at the Senate Square, the programme will also include an equipment exhibition at Kansalaistori Square and a flypast over Kaivopuisto Park, among other things.Theres even more on offer for those enjoying aviation. The Finnish Aviation Museums air show will be organised at the Kaivopuisto Park area on 9 June. In addition to many famous visitors, the air show will include the legendary Royal Air Force Aerobatic Team, the Red Arrows, from the United Kingdom.
On the same day, i.e. 9 June, The Central Union of Agricultural Producers and Forest Owners organisation will organise the MTK 100 event that impressively exhibits a cavalcade of workhorses, tractors and working machinery at the Helsinki Railway Square. There will be work demonstrations on different countryside-related topics, cultural programme and a porridge bar. In connection with the event, a parade of tractors and horses will be organised in the area of Helsinki Railway Square-Mannerheimintie-Messukeskus Expo and Convention Centre.The citys birthday is celebrated on Helsinki Day on 12 June and its eve on 11 June. Around 120 free events will be organised around the city. These include events such as the traditional breakfast with coffee by the City Hall, the Dinner Under the Sky of Helsinki picnic event at Pohjoisesplanadi and the Helsinki Day concert at Tlnlahti Park.The Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra invites the whole Finland to sing together at the Finland 100 - Everybody Sings event on 12 June. The community singing concert is organised at Musiikkitalo, the Helsinki Music Centre, and broadcast live to the rest of Finland.In honour of the occasion, a joyful exhibition, HejHylje, will be organised at the Senate Square from 12 to 18 June. Altogether 40 seal statues designed by Stefan Lindfors will arrive for portrayal at the square. Each of these seal statues will be uniquely decorated by Finnish artists.
Naisten Kymppi womens fun run is the biggest womens wellbeing and running event in Finland. It gathers together enthusiastic runners on 20 and 21 May in Helsinki. The event lasts two days, but the actual run will take place on Sunday 21 May.Helsinki Half Marathon will be run on 10 June. During the same day the scenery will get colourful and vibrant due to the Helsinki Samba Carnaval parade. One location where it is possible to admire the fabulous dancers is the Senate Square, which is also the starting point for the parade. The sport-filled day offers even more sports in the form of the Finland - Estonia Challenge football match, which will be played at the Narinkkatori Square.Lovely Helsinki city festival, which is organised in the city centre of Helsinki from 18 to 21 May, is a tribute to spring, summer and Helsinki. The festival brings flowers, events and promotions to the city centre, as the network of over 200 different actors invites people to enjoy Helsinki at its best.The beginning of the summer is also celebrated in Helsinki by the Street Art Summer Festival 2017, which has locations all around the city and starts in connection with the Arabia Street Festival on 20 May. In addition, several Here You Are Helsinki workshops will be organised in May. In these workshops residents of Helsinki will create art for ten metro stations. The artworks will be set up in the stations in September.Gimis - Red Cross event plaza will be held at the Kansalaistori Square from 6 to 11 June. The event plaza showcases the multitude and possibilities of the voluntary activities and the organisations versatile operations from first aid to friendship activities and international help.Sideways 2017 makes people dance at the Teurastamo (The Abattoir) on 9 to 10 June. Besides the diverse musical setting, the event offers different kinds of activities, art projects, and food and drink.Finnish Sauna Festival delights sauna lovers at Mntymki Field in front of the Olympic Stadium from 8 to 11 June. The event also portrays Finnish music and food culture.One of the most prominent food events in Finland is the Taste of Helsinki, which is organised at the Kansalaistori Square from 15 to 18 June.Korkeasaari Zoo exhibits the diversity of Finnish nature in the Finnish Forest area, which covers three hectares. The theme area is a rocky pine forest in the archipelago, and it is possible to see all of Finlands large carnivores, except for the wolves, and many endangered small mammals and birds. The area will be opened in spring 2017.Finland 100 Years programme Search for events in Helsinki Finland 100 Years  Helsinki celebrates along
The main vocational education event of Finland, the National Skills Competition Taitaja, will be held at Messukeskus, Helsinki Expo and Convention Centre, 1518 May 2017. Students of 53 vocational tracks will compete for titles as Finnish champion. The four-day event is expected to attract 80,000 visitors.The National Skills Competition increases awareness of vocational skills, boosts appreciation for vocational education and encourages young people to pursue vocational studies.The event consists of Finnish vocational championships, the Taitaja9 manual skills competition for comprehensive-school 9th graders, and the TaitajaPLUS vocational skills competition for students with special needs. The event gathers together more than 500 top students from different parts of Finland. The competition is complemented by a major three-day open seminar on Finnish vocational education and its future outlook.In order to function well, Helsinki needs high-quality services. This fact will be illustrated with a miniature city built in Messukeskus. Competition zones named after Helsinki districts will present the expertise of various vocational fields through entrepreneurship and service operations.
 Every competition category will be accompanied by a task station. At these stations, students and guidance counsellors will instruct students of comprehensive-school upper grades in career choices. The audience will be able to test their skills in fields that range from forest machine operation to horse grooming, from floristry to confectioner/pastry cooks work.
 The National Skills Competition Taitaja is held annually at different locations in Finland. Taitaja2017 held in Helsinki is organized jointly by the Helsinki metropolitan area vocational schools with the help of hundreds of enterprises. The main organizers are the City of Helsinki and Skills Finland ry.Admission to the event is free.Read more:
Website of National Skills Competition Taitaja2017
Seminar and programme
The blocks of a former railway yard in Central Pasila  Keski-Pasila  will be redeveloped into a dense and an inner-city like residential area, according to a proposed detailed plan for the area, which includes homes to 3,200 residents, about 1,000 jobs, a school and a day care centre. The detailed plan is part of the overall transformation of Pasila. Two separate sections of Pasila and the Pasila station will grow into one district that will be home to new residents and form an increasingly significant area for business and services, says Helsinki Deputy Mayor Anni
Sinnemki, who is in charge of city planning.The City Council will be presented with proposals for the detailed plan, a transport and traffic plan and a cooperation agreement for Pasila on 17 May. One specialty of the area will be green roofs. According to the detailed plan, no less than half of the roof area of the blocks should be ecological green roofs. These roofs help to create a good microclimate and control stormwater and runoff. Rooftops would also be built with patios and other spaces for residents. Communal saunas would be placed on the top floor of buildings.The detailed plan for the railway yard blocks would create a densely built and handsome urban area in Pasila, at the best public transport connections, Sinnemki continues. During plan preparation, the area has become denser, but varying building heights, green roofs, many rocks to be preserved and a park to be built, the Hyrypuisto park, make sure that the area would be pleasing and dynamic.The plan proposes 180,000 square metres of floor space for the area, close to three-quarters of which would be for residential construction. The proposed floor space for businesses, services and offices is 36,000 square metres. Offices would serve as a noise barrier along the Veturitie road in the eastern section of the area.The railway yard, which has been demolished for the new residential development, is located next to the Pasila station, north of the central Tripla block of Pasila. Tripla is currently under construction. To the south of Tripla is the Pasila high-rise area, for which a design competition is underway.The railway yard area is marked by fairly large elevation differences, which give the area a special character. For example, the proposed Tulistimenkatu street would be 20 metres below the Halkopiippu rock. The Hyrypuisto park would be located in the centre of the area. The local transport and traffic arrangements will undergo a thorough transformation. For example, Veturitie will be moved to run alongside the railway tracks.The majority of the railway yard area is owned by the Finnish State through the state-owned Senate Properties real estate company. The package presented to the City Council includes a proposal for an agreement between the City of Helsinki and Senate Properties on the development of the area and implementation.Read more:Pasila
 The Spruce Of The Future campaign started for Helsinki today, when the 100-year spruce planting tradition continued in Palohein. City of Helsinki management, Members of Parliament and representatives of the diplomatic corps were present at the event.The Spruce Of The Future planting campaign invites schools, corporations and foundations to join in. The goal is to make many quarters and generations work together. Festive trees can be planted from May to September. Trees are planted separately and as groves around Finland.The seed of the Independence Spruce, cultivated
in 1917 when Finland declared independence, and the memorial stone placed in
front of it was donated and dedicated to the Finnish parliament by consul
general of Chile Rudolf Ray. The spruce was planted in the Kaivopuisto Park in
Helsinki in 1931. Seedlings from the seeds of the spruce planted on the north
side of Kaivohuone have spread around Finland and even abroad. When Finland
celebrated 50 years of independence in 1967, more than 30 thousand spruce seedlings
"from the Independence Spruce were planted as so-called ""Home Spruces"""
on school, home and cottage yards.
Read and see more:
http://www.tulevaisuudenkuusi.fi/http://suomifinland100.fi/project/tulevaisuuden-kuusi/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSDUSl_GGzIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCL-MPdTH0whttp://tulevaisuudenkuusi.fi/memories/fi/
  A secure connection has beenadopted for the page browsing on the Hel.fi website. The website address will start with https. The new address is https://www.hel.fi.
 If you use the old address http://www.hel.fi, you will be automatically directed to the new address.The secure website as a lock icon next to the address field in the browser. Clicking the lock icon will open the security information of the page.A secure connection between your browser and the City of Helsinki's website makes it harder for third parties to watch and hijack your web traffic. The maintenance will go on during weekend andmay cause short breaks or occasional lags in the service.
A secure connection has already been used, for example, on the City's eServices website https://asiointi.hel.fi.
Fashion in Helsinki is a new event that aims to become the new trendsetter in Nordic fashion. The event will present the newest names and emerging talents in Finnish fashion in Helsinki from 13 to 20 May 2017.Demand for Finnish fashion has grown strongly in recent years in Asia, where Nordic style is held in high regard. Finnish fashion brands have already been featured in the Chinese edition of Elle and the Korean edition of Harpers Bazaar, as well as in Numro Tokyo in Japan.Now Finnish fashion is set to gain even more of an international boost. The Fashion in Helsinki event will bring together Finnish and international fashion industry representatives and buyers together with media representatives and members of the public from 13 to 20 May 2017.A new generation of fashion experts is studying in HelsinkiLast year Business of Fashion, the leading digital authority on the global fashion industry, named Aalto University in Helsinki one of the leading fashion schools. Young designers who have graduated from the School of Arts, Design and Architecture have already found success around the world. For example, Maria Korkeila was awarded the Schiaparelli Prize at the Hyers Fashion Festival, and Finnish designers claimed the top three positions in the Designers Nest competition in Copenhagen.The Fashion in Helsinki programme has been published on the events website. Highlights include the launch of fashion designer Tuomas Merikoskis AALTO International and fashion designer Sasu Kauppis SSSU brands. Sasu Kauppi recently worked with Kanye Wests Yeezy brand in Los Angeles.More information:http://www.fashioninhelsinki.com/
Instagram @fashioninhelsinki
According to a new estimate of the West Metro project completion, service on the West Metro segment of the Metro system could start in September 2017. The West Metro organization Lnsimetro, Helsinki City Transport HKL and Helsinki Region Transport HSL will set and announce the West Metro opening day after the completion of all inspections by relevant authorities.
Bus services would shift to Metro feeder services no earlier than mid-October. Until then, buses serving South Espoo and Lauttasaari would continue to operate on their current routes.
The West Metro project will move from the testing phase to the inspections phase at the beginning of June, and the project will be preparing the handover of the West Metro stations and tracks to HKL at the same time. The West Metro can carry passengers after the completion of inspections and possible corrective procedures necessitated by these inspections.
HKL, which operates the Metro system, has conducted test rides on the West Metro section of the system during the winter and spring. The tests have been successful and will be completed on 14 May.
The new Metro service and current bus services will operate as parallel services for a while, before the shift to feeder bus services.
The West Metro is an extension of the current Metro system from Ruoholahti to the west consisting of eight new Metro stations, two of them in Helsinki and the rest in Espoo.Read more:
West Metro information from HSLWest Metro project
Maintenance will be performed on the Hel.fi website from Tue 9 May 04:00 PM to Mon 15 May 04:00 PM local time.
The maintenance may cause short breaks or occasional lags in the service.We are sorry for any disturbance or inconvenience caused to the users of the site.
"The City of Helsinki's Eco-efficient restaurant terrace idea competition has finished and the winners have been decided. Helsinki arranged the competition to find a new concept that can prolong the restaurant terrace season in Nordic conditions, without compromising on ecology. The competition yielded diverse solutions for carrying out an ecological, innovative, duplicable restaurant terrace, which promotes a high-quality cityscape.The expert jury of the competition was happy about the high-quality competition entries, which approached the challenge of an ecological restaurant terrace in diverse ways.""We are delighted with the extensive publicity that the competition has gained, for example, in the social media. We also got a delightfully varied participant group, as entries were submitted by design companies, architects' offices, garden and terrace companies, student groups as well as by active citizens"", says the Chair of the Jury, City of Helsinki Chief Design Officer Anne Stenros.""Combining eco-efficiency, style and innovation into a comprehensive solution was clearly not an easy task. Hence, it was not easy to pick the winner either"", notes Stenros.Among the entries, there were three particularly prominent solution proposals. The jury awarded the joint first prize to landscape design company Urban Gardens Finland's ""GUT Green Urban Terrace"" and WSP Finland's entry ""terassi.hel.fi"". The jury decided to hand out a third prize as well, to Arkkitehtuuritoimisto IAH's entry ""TERASSI M80"".According to the jury, almost all competition entries included elements which are very well suited for the concept of an eco-efficient restaurant terrace. The energy solutions were clearly the biggest challenge for the participants: it is difficult to find an energy solution which is usable everywhere. Many entries included an integrated terrace solar system, which is challenging to implement in the city environment due to building shadows. The jury's primary recommendation is getting environment friendly and renewable electricity from the power-distribution network. Moreover, equipment that is as environment friendly as possible should be chosen for the restaurant terraces.The competition was arranged as part of the Climate Street project, which seeks functional solutions for the built urban environment that can be used to cut greenhouse gas emissions and the energy consumption. The Climate Street receives funding from the City of Helsinki Innovation Fund and the European Regional Development Fund and it is part of the Six City Strategy (6Aika)."
"The winning proposalsUrban Gardens Finland's proposal GUT Green Urban Terrace is an enjoyable and environmentally conscious city terrace, partially outlined by a green roof and wall. The jury felt that the proposal is a well-planned and feasible comprehensive solution of high quality. An appealing thing about the solution is that it can also be used as a parklet solution, in other words, the terrace can be established temporarily in a parking space, Material efficiency has been acknowledged in the choices of furniture thanks to certified wood. The story of the terrace is told funnily through greenery solutions.WSP Finland's proposal ""terassi.hel.fi"" is a design platform, which gives restaurant entrepreneurs an opportunity to design their own terraces by means of a component collection. Terassi.hel.fi is based on modular product thinking that can be tailored for the purpose. The jury found the approach modern and excellent and the digital content especially appealing. The solution could, for example, help make Helsinki's restaurant terrace licence process more streamlined. Instead of a single solution, this is a system that produces tailor-made, ecological solution proposals.Third prize winner Arkkitehtuuritoimisto IAH's solution TERASSI M80 was so close to the winners that the jury wanted to award it as well. The recycled materials starting point used in the entry is ambitious and interesting. This proposal was one of the few terrace solutions in the competition to include a fixed roof.The City of Helsinki strives to promote the materialisation of the winning solutions and the aim is that the world's first eco-efficient restaurant terrace is located in Helsinki during summer 2017."
The jury of the Eco-efficient restaurant terrace competition:Anne Stenros, City of Helsinki (Chair of the jury)
Jari Viinanen, City of Helsinki (Environment Centre)
Tapio Tuomi, Finnish Clean Energy Association
Jessica Karhu, Finnish Green Building Council
Terhi Tuominen, Dayground Oy
Marjatta Uusitalo, City of Helsinki (Building Control)
Anu Kiiskinen, City of Helsinki (Public Works Department)
Ari Sarmanto, Cafe CaruselRead moreClimate StreetDescriptions and illustrations of the winning proposals (only in Finnish)
Helsinki seeks to create a better everyday life for people, putting the user in the centre of development, says Ville Meloni, Manager of the Digital Helsinki Programme, explaining the goals of the digitalization of city services in the new edition of the City of Helsinkis international news bulletin Helsinki News.Helsinkis digitalization programme proceeds on the philosophy city as a platform to promote new digital services that increase liveability and the citys competitiveness. The programme seeks to base development on open data and open-source code.Among its accomplishments so far, the digitalization programme has upgraded the Helsinki Metropolitan Area Service Map to show the accessibility of all 12,600 municipal services displayed on the map, their events offering, how to reach them on public transport, and the routes. The programme has produced the digital Outdoor Exercise Map, which reports sports site conditions in real time.The new mobile Helsinki App promises to put the whole city in the users pocket. Varaamo is a digital service that allows residents to book city spaces and equipment for their own uses.Read more in Helsinki News 1-2017 (pdf)
The Helsinki startup ecosystem presents Start North 2017, a 13-week period hosted by a myriad of startup ecosystem players within the greater Helsinki area and the near vicinity during summer, 1 June  31 August 2017.Start North is accelerating innovation and aims to generate 100 startups, 100 coaches, 1000 projects, and 10 000 participants by the end of August 2017.The purpose of Start North is to generate visibility of summer programs and events related to creativity, self-development, innovation, and startups.The event supports individuals and teams to innovate, create, and develop their services and products. Start North also shares information of available work spaces, accelerators, and other significant resources within the area, and aims to attract a large number of international professionals, experts, investors, and companies to the area.For students and young adults, voluntary mentors and coachesStart North offers a unique journey into experiments, learning and updating know-how, recognizing new important aspects, and innovations.For companies Start North offers a unique opportunity for recruitment, rapid and more productive development of innovations, products, and services.We are glad to announce our collaboration with Start North, where we will pilot use of Open Ecosystem Network for ecosystem collaboration with our young talents in Finland. Looking forward to an exciting Summer 2017, says Anne Pakari from Open Ecosystem Network.Start North brings entrepreneurs and ecosystem service providers together to maximize existing expertize and potential with a fun and light environment, describes Santtu Von Bruun, Head of City of Helsinkis Unit of Competitiveness and International Relations.
Startup Summer Association behind the event
A non-profit association, Startup Summer Association, was founded after it was noted that the development of multidisciplinary and multistage international innovation and startup summer activities is not a direct mission and vision of any current players.More information
The Helsinki Bike Centre continues to serve cyclists at Narinkka Square in Kamppi. The Bike Centre reopened on 2 May and will be helping cyclists through the 2017 summer season and in the autumn: the centre offers cyclists opportunities to maintain their bikes by themselves under the guidance of supervising mechanics and with tools available from the centre.The Bike Centre also distributes cycling maps and provides cycling advice free of charge. In addition, the Bike Centre serves as a central meeting point for cyclists and as a possible starting point for bike tours.Bike Centre operations will soon expand from Narinkka Square to Herttoniemi in eastern Helsinki. The Bike Centre operator Helsinki City Transport HKL will open a new Bike Centre at the Herttoniemi Metro station in early June. The new Bike Centre will operate at an old bus drivers lounge.The day-to-day Bike Centre operations are run by the Velo&Oxygen cycling shop, which provides bike maintenance instructions and lends tools free of charge. The Herttoniemi Bike Centre will enable cyclists to maintain their bikes indoors in case of rain.
If you cant service your bike yourself, you can leave it at the Bike Centre for quick servicing for a fee. Velo&Oxygen also allows cyclists to test-ride electric bikes provided by the shop.The Bikes Centre allows associations and enterprises to organize non-profit events at the Centre. The Bike Centre is an excellent venue to demonstrate bikes and cycling products.Both the Narinkka Square and Herttoniemi Bike Centres serve from Monday to Saturday, 1018. However, the Herttoniemi Bike Centre may open doors earlier in the morning to better serve commuters. The Bike Centres will stay open to the end of October. The exact opening date of the Herttoniemi Bike Cetre will be announced later.Read more about the Helsinki Bike Centre at http://www.pyorakeskus.info/enCheck out the Bike Centre on FacebookandInstagram
The 2017 cruise season begins on Wednesday 3 May with the arrival of Astor to the Katajanokka Quay next to the Allas Sea Pool in the centre of Helsinki. The upcoming cruise season is expected to even busier than last summer. On the basis of advance bookings, Helsinki expects to welcome 270 international cruise ships. They will carry with them an estimated 440,000 visitors, who will get to enjoy the cultural activities and services on offer this summer in the Finnish capital.The busiest day this summer will be Wednesday 31 May, when no less than five cruise ships arrive in Helsinki: Norwegian Getaway at the Melkki Quay, the German cruise ship AIDAmar and the Italian cruise ship MSC Magnifica in Hernesaari, and the luxury cruise ships Le Soleal and Ocean Dream in the South Harbour. Altogether these five cruise ships will bring over 11,000 cruise visitors to Helsinki in a single day.Santa Claus in HernesaariCruise ships will arrive at four different harbours in Helsinki: Katajanokka, the South Harbour, Hernesaari and the West Harbour (Melkki Quay). Hernesaari and the WestHarbour will serve over 80 percent of cruise visitors, and Santa Claus will be on hand to welcome them this summer in Hernesaari.A new digital sign system is introducing in Hernesaari. The system is designed to further improve the visitor experience and to make it easier for cruise visitors to find their way around. The project is being carried out together with Samsung and the Cruise Baltic network.Altogether six cruise ships will be visiting Helsinki for the first time this summer:The last visit of the 2017 cruise season will be made by AIDAvita on 20 October.Growing number of cruise visitors from AsiaLast year the biggest incoming markets for cruise passengers were Germany, the USA and Great Britain. This year the biggest growth is expected to come in the number of visitors from Asia. Already last year the number of cruise visitors from China increased by 24 percent.Cruise Baltic expects the number of cruise visitors to the Baltic Sea region to increase by 13 percent and the number of cruise ship visits by 15 percent this year.Read more: Helsinki Marketing
Climate Partners is a cooperative network between the City of Helsinki and businesses. The network has already been joined by 60 large companies and associate members, who seek to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and to mitigate climate change together with the City of Helsinki.Helsinki Mayor Jussi Pajunen signed on 26 April 2017 new Climate Commitments with Fujitsu Finland Oy, Ilmarinen, Etera Mutual Pension Insurance Company, Finnish Transport Safety Agency (Trafi), Nitor, NCC, PwC Finland, Ramboll Finland Oy, Remeo Oy, VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland Ltd, Tieto Oy, Vahanen Group and Varma. Each new partner specifies their own environmental goals in their Climate Commitments, and the achievement of the goals is monitored.Climate Partners is a natural network for us, as one of Varmas corporate responsibility goals is the mitigation of climate change. We have ambitious goals to reduce the carbon footprint of our portfolio for example, we plan to reduce the CO2 footprint of our stock holdings by 25 percent and that of our real estate investments by 15 percent by 2020, says Varmas President and CEO Risto Murto.The long-term climate goal of Varmas investment policy is to make the portfolio comply with the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement.The Climate Commitment of Vahanen Group combines operational development with customer interests. Asko Laune, a Vahanen Executive Group member, summarizes the Group message: We are joining the City of Helsinkis Climate Partners network, because we want to be a construction sector consultant partner who bears its responsibility for mitigating climate change. We build our environmental system to support our own operations and the operations of our partners, and we seek means to impact the energy efficiency of the existing building stock without weakening indoor air quality.What is the Climate Partners network?The Climate Partners network is part of the City of Helsinki climate work. Helsinkis goal is to be carbon neutral by 2050 and to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 30 percent in 19902020. Helsinkis climate goals are likely to be checked and tightened in the near future on the basis of the Paris Agreement.In addition to mitigating climate change, the goals of the Climate Partners network are to strengthen the partnering companies competitiveness, to find new business opportunities and to promote cooperation inside the network.Besides businesses, the network includes universities, various organizations and others. The Climate Partners network is coordinated by the City of Helsinki Environment Centre in cooperation with the Helsinki City Executive Offices Economic Development division.Read more about Climate Partners: http://www.ilmastokumppanit.fi/en/Climate Partners on Twitter: @ilmastokumppani
During the 2017 city bike season, starting in May, bikes will be available to even more people. There will be 1,400 bikes and 140 bike stations in Helsinki, within an area extending from the heart of the city to Munkkiniemi, Pasila and Kumpula. Espoo residents will be able to try out the city bike service in Matinkyl and Olari, with 10 city bike stations and 100 bikes.Registration opened on 18 April. Hop on!Read more:City bikesBike Centre reopens
The City of Helsinki challenged 116 Ultrahack coders to utilize Helsinkis new 3D model as a tool for outdoor event organizers. The winning team used 48 hours to build a demonstration tool that would ease the lives of both event organizers and the authorities.The winners of Helsinkis 3D challenge HEL of a 3D City Events had a reason to smile on Sunday, with the 5,000-euro main prize in their pocket. The team was put together on the fly: Leo Salomaa and Jukka Alander are colleagues who decided to join only a couple of weeks earlier when attending a Helsinki meeting on the citys challenge.We met Glyn at the meeting, and Glyn found Minna to join our team here at Ultrahack on Friday, says Salomaa.Minna-Maria Salonen starts the eVENT demonstration video. The 1.5-minute video presents how a virtual event venue complete with stages and tents goes up in a 3D city, how permits are applied for from various authorities, how to calculate costs and how to set up a crowdfunding campaign for the event.The solution is based on the actual Helsinki 3D city model. We could draft an event venue on it in a few minutes, Salomaa says.The achievements of the winning team were admired by Jarmo Suomisto, a member of the jury and manager of the 3D Helsinki project.It was great to see how the team was developing their concept from hour to hour. They knew how to make the most out of the hackathon and utilize our help.We got what we orderedThe winning solution is largely what the City of Helsinki expert Pivi Munther dared to hope for from the Ultrahack hackathon.We hope to have an online tool that can be used to draft a plan for an outdoor event organized in Helsinki. This would help both the event organizers and the authorities, says Munther, who informed teams about event management.
Helsinki hosts thousands of events a year. Especially the largest events cause a great deal of work related to permits.Events of 200 attendants or more need a security and rescue plan. If there is music, the event needs to make a noise report. If food is sold, a report must be filed with the Environment Centre, Munther continues.Event organizers are helped with specific instructions and e-services, but the citywide 3D model could take e-services to a whole new level. According to Munther, many organizers of outdoor events already utilize the Google city model.Helsinkis 3D model has been published as open data to enable events to be planned directly in a virtual city environment. Thus both the organizers and authorities could easily see potential problems and other details related to the plans.
Work continuesWe wont stop here, Jarmo Suomisto promises. The future promises a city brainstorming session with the winning team focusing on how to proceed.We will proceed step by step. We wont produce a big system all at once but produce one module at a time, test it, launch it and move on to the next stage, Suomisto says.Suomisto is full of praise for the Ultrahack concept.Were very happy with all three finalists. It was definitely worth while for the city to join Ultrahack with our own challenge.Winners of Ultrahack Sprint 1, 2123 April 2017City of Helsinkis and KIRA-digi programmes challenge HEL of a 3D City Events:First prize of EUR 5,000: Team eVent comprising Glyn Faulkner, Minna-Maria Salonen, Jukka Alander, Oskari Liukkonen and Leo SalomaaEUR 2,000: Team A-VenueHonorable mention: Team My 3D-HelsinkiThe Ultrahack teams presented their work on Sunday, 23 April 2017. On a video of the presentations, the 3-minute presentations made by the finalists of the HEL of a 3D City Events challenge starts at 1:24:00. See videoText: Petja Partanen
Photos: Veeti HaapsamoUltrahack
HSL ticket office at the Market Square ferry terminal will open on 30 April. The Suomenlinna ferry will switch to summer timetables on Friday 28 April.
The ferry runs between the Market Square and Suomenlinna Mon-Fri about every 20 minutes and at weekends every 15 minutes at peak times.The ticket office sells single tickets, one day tickets and Suomenlinna tickets. You can pay by cash, credit or debit card. Ferry tickets can be purchased also from ticket machines available in front of the ticket office.Both Helsinki internal and regional tickets are accepted on the ferries. Separate Suomenlinna tickets are accepted only on the ferries (i.e. with Suomenlinna tickets you cannot change to other modes of transport) and they are valid for 12 hours. Tickets are not sold on the ferries.Read more:Helsinki Region TransportSuomenlinna ferry timetables from 28 April (pdf)
The southeastern early-education district of Helsinki will have more space for the needs of day care and early education. A new day care centre to replace Day Care Centre Yliskyl being built at Kkarinpolku 1 will provide day care to 232 children a bit more than a year from now.With this new construction project, the City of Helsinki prepares for the increasing needs for day care in Laajasalo and the nearby district of Kruunuvuorenranta, which is now under construction. The goal is to secure sufficient and timely early education services for the families of the growing area. The services can be easily reached by public transport.Flexible spaces for diverse usesDay Care Centre Yliskyl now offers day care for more than one hundred 16 -year-olds. The new day care centre is located at the same site adjacent to the current centre. The current building will remain in service until the new building is completed in the spring of 2018, after which the old building will be demolished.The new building complies closely with zero-energy goals: the design maximizes the utilization of free energy from renewable sources, relying on solar and geothermal energy. The spaces will be multimodal learning environments catering for diverse uses.Construction went underway in mid-April, and excavation and blasting will continue through mid-May. The construction site is separated from the neighbouring areas with high fences throughout construction. The pedestrian and cycling path on Kkarinpolku passing through the back of the site is closed during blasting.The site of the new day care centre on the map:
The May Day celebrations affect the traffic and bring changes to the opening hours of the health care centres, sports facilities and libraries. The coming spring is celebrated traditionally during the May Day weekend all over Helsinki. The celebrations begin at the Market Square, where Havis Amanda gets her foam bath and student cap.Transport services
On Sunday 30 April and May Day 1 May, a Sunday service will operate on all HSL routes. There will be plenty of additional bus, Metro and commuter train services on both days. Tram routes will be diverted in downtown Helsinki on May Eve evening. Tram routes running via the Market Square will be diverted from about 4pm on 30 April due to May Eve celebrations around the statue of Havis Amanda.
Transport services Suomenlinna ferry timetables Social and health care services
24 h Telephone Health Service, Tel. 09 310 10023. Information is provided about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call.
In life-threatening emergencies  call 112
Health Stations are closed on Sunday 30 April and Monday 1 May. Health stations are open Mon - Fri 8 - 16.
Emergency services
When local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services.
- Adults (over 16 years of age): Haartman Hospital and Emergency Room, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12, tel. 09 310 63231 and Malmi Hospital and Emergency Room, Talvelantie 6 J, tel. 09 310 67204.- Children: Children's Hospital Emergency Clinic, Stenbckinka
When local health stations are closed, residents of Helsinki with serious illnesses and in urgent need for care can also go to the Jorvi Hospital emergency room in Espoo, Turuntie 150, tel. 09 4711. Residents of Helsinki can also go the Peijas Hospital emergency room in Vantaa, Sairaalakatu 1, Vantaa, tel. 09 471 67060.
Emergency dental care is provided on Sunday 30 April and on Monday 1st of May 9 - 21 at Haartman Hospital, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12. Appointments can be booked 8 - 21 at 09 310 49999. Night emergency duty is at Tl hospital emergency department, Tlnkatu 40, tel. 09 471 87708. Please always make an appointment by phone before seeking treatment for Emergency Dental Care.
Emergency Social Services and Crisis emergency support serve 24/7 also during 1st of May. Emergency Social Services tel. 020 696 006 and Crisis emergency support tel. 09 310 44222.
The city's sport facilities have exceptional opening hours on May Day Eve and on May Day.
May Day of the sport facilities  (in Finnish)Libraries are closed on May Day Eve 30 April and on 1 May.There are a lot of things to see and do over the whole May Day weekend. Linnanmki amusement park opens its season. The City bikes are introduced on May Day from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. in Kaivopuisto. In the Kumpula botanical gardens there is an event for children, Vappushokkelo 2017.
Take a look at the events: www.visithelsinki.fi/en
Some of the sights, art museums and public saunas are open during the holidays as well. Check opening hours: www.visithelsinki.fi/en
Let's celebrate spring together!
Helsinki tram routes will be expanded and older tracks renovated during the summer and autumn of 2017 for the needs of a new tram network to be launched in August. Track work will proceed at about 20 sites.The new tram network will have 2.8 kilometres of new tracks. The main track work sites will be located on the streets of Vlimerenkatu and Reijolankatu.
Tram route 9 will run on Vlimerenkatu, instead of Tyynenmerenkatu as it does now, so new tracks are needed. The new tracks on Reijolankatu will serve tram route 3, which will run from Nordenskildinkatu via Reijolankatiu to Mannerheimintie. 
The new tram network is designed to serve as many residents as possible and to connect seamlessly to other modes of public transport. More information on the changes to routes is available from Helsinki Region Transport HSL. See https://www.hsl.fi/en/tramroutes2017The majority of the track work consists of renovations  new tracks and switches. Track renovation work will proceed on Kaivokatu in front of the Ateneum art museum, on Mkelnkatu and on Paciuksenkatu.Some of the track work will cause rerouting. Check the HSL website www.hsl.fi for information.New tracks put in as necessary
The service life of tracks depends on the type of route section. Straight tracks may serve for 30 years, while curving tracks serve no longer than 15 years.The service life of switches depends on traffic volumes: busy network sections wear out switches fastest, and switches are replaced every few years. Switches on less used sections can last for up to 25 years.The track work is designed and managed by Helsinki City Transport HKL with the goal of minimal interference with the regular tram and motor vehicle traffic. As possible, track work will also be carried out at nighttime with certain restrictions. City regulations limit noisy nighttime work to two nights per week. Track work will be timed to coincide with other municipal infrastructure projects such as those on water distribution, sewer and district heating networks.
See the summer track work sites and timetables on the map:www.hkl.fi > Tm on HKL > HKL rakentaa > Ratatymaat > Ratatykartta.
As of 18 April 2017, the archives of the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki have been included in the UNESCO Memory of the World national register. The purpose of the register is to preserve the global heritage of archives and libraries. Besides the Olympics archives, five other Finnish archives were chosen for inclusion in the register.Unusually well-preserved material on the 1952 Summer OlympicsThe XV Olympia Helsinki 1952 archives provide a unique description of their time and of the turn in Helsinkis and Finlands post-war development. In all, the archives include 153 shelf metres of documents dated between 1947 and 1956, namely all those relating to the arrangements and the actual games. The majority are about the arrangements, the planning and construction of venues and about the marketing of the games and Finland abroad.In addition, the archives include a multitude of information such as drafts and suggestions of the design of the Olympic Torch, the names of those who carried the torch on its way to the Olympic Stadium, entertainment during the games, food and drink served to athletes and spectators  as well as documents relating to the landing of Coca-Cola Company in Finland  not to mention the actual sports results.Register honours documentary heritage worldwideThe idea of the UNESCO Memory of the World register is to preserve the global heritage of archives and libraries, improve its accessibility and increase public awareness of the heritage and its significance. The National Committee in Finland seeks to ensure the programme is implemented to its full extent in Finland. The first register search was opened in June 2016, and those Finnish archives selected for the international register were announced at a publishing event at the National Archives of Finland on 18 April 2017.The other archives selected for the register are: Fragmenta membranea, a collection which contains approximately 9,300 parchment leaves from 1,500 medieval books (National Archives of Finland) the library of Monrepos manor in Vyborg (National Archives of Finland) the archives of Finnish 19th century writer and academic Zacharias Topelius (National Archives of Finland and the Society of Swedish Literature in Finland) Rederiebolaget Gustaf Eriksons Arkiv (land Maritime Museum / Provincial Archives of land) and Finska Hushllningssllskapets arkiv (bo Akademi University Library).
An increasing number of buses are in a good condition, according to a Helsinki Region Transport fleet quality control conducted in autumn 2016, . The quality of commuter trains has also improved.Nearly 60 per cent of buses controlled last autumn were in good condition. The share of buses in good condition was higher than in spring 2016.The improved result was partly due to sanctions for quality deviations imposed in late spring 2016. If the buses deviate significantly from HSLs quality criteria, operators have to pay sanctions, which encourages them to fix any shortcomings promptly. In the long term, the quality of buses has improved also due to improved maintenance and new vehicles.Over 80 per cent of trams and Metro trains were in good condition. As share of trams and Metro trains in good condition was already, there was no significant change from the previous control. The overall quality of commuter trains was up from spring 2016. However, quality deviations were observed in just over 80 per cent of the train units examined. The quality of the rolling stock improves as older Sm2 trains are replaced by newer Sm5 trains.In autumn 2016, HSL controlled the quality of nearly 4,000 buses, trams, Metro trains and commuter train units.Read more
HRT
Good water supply is key to the progress of society and business. Clean water and the high hygiene standards that it enables are a foundation of health and wellbeing. Water is an essential part of Finland and the Finnish character. Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority HSY makes sure that the over one million people of the Helsinki metropolitan area can enjoy high-quality drinking water, which comes from Lake Pijnne and is treated by HSY.Tap water in Helsinki fulfils three crucial criteria: its quality is excellent, it is ecological, and it is cost-efficient. It is part of the overall Finnish drinking water supply, which meets the highest standards.Water flows from the tap in Helsinki 99.999 percent of the time. HSYs average break in supply was 5 minutes per resident in 2016, and we repaired 270 broken pipes in the metropolitan area during the year. It is vital to take care of the water supply network, a total of 3,000 kilometres in our service area, in order to secure the supply.As the population grows in the region, we continuously invest in water treatment and supply, says Veli-Pekka Vuorilehto, who manages treatment for drinking water production at HSY.Vuorilehto explains, HSY has two water treatment plants, the Vanhakaupunki and Pitkkoski plants, which process lake water for about 24 hours before it is pumped to customers. The Vanhakaupunki plant was renovated recently, and its now Finlands largest water treatment plant. The Pitkkoski plant will also be renovated in the next few years.Lets drink to the 100-year-old independent nation of Finland and our high-quality tap water!We communicate to Finnish consumers about high-quality tap water and hold tap water in the high esteem that it deserves. Finnish Water Utilities Association (FIWA), HSY and 15 other Finnish water utilities have produced a tap water opera, which is shown and heard at movie theatres, on radio, web TV and social media to the end of April. The water campaign is visible in the cities of Hmeenlinna, Jyvskyl, Kajaani, Kuopio, Lahti, Lappeenranta, Oulu, Pori, Porvoo, Rovaniemi, Tampere, Turku and Vaasa. The campaign is part of the Finland 100 centenary programme of 2017.Read more:HSYs water servicesTap water opera (soundtrack and subtitles in Finnish)
A new customer service model will be introduced on Helsinki region commuter train services on 19 June 2017. Ticket sales on commuter trains will end. Conductors will remain on trains and work in pairs. The change applies to HSL area trains and VRs commuter trains. At the same time, VRs commuter traffic area will extend to Tampere.From 19 June, commuter train passengers need to buy their tickets before boarding the train. Most passengers already buy their tickets elsewhere. Most tickets are purchased from ticket machines or with Travel Card and mobile tickets are rapidly gaining popularity. The share of tickets sold on trains has been steadily decreasin. Last year, the share of ticket sales on trains in VRs commuter traffic area decreased by 40% from the previous year. The share of tickets sold on HSL-area trains (1.6%) has also steadily decreased.From 19 June, conductors will work on trains in pairs helping and advising passengers and checking passengers tickets. Conductors will serve passengers throughout trains, while previously conductors have only worked in ticket sales carriages. Conductors will move from one train to another. They will work on about 75% of all trains in the area, however visiting trains on busier routes more often. In the evening and at night, there will be conductors on all trains. The new practice means that customers will meet our conductors more often than before, which makes staff more accessible and increases customers sense of safety. Im sure it will also decrease fare dodging, says Teemu Sipil from VR Commuter Traffic HSL is preparing for the tendering of train services from 2021, with the aim of having the most effective commuter train services in Europe. The changes taking place in the coming summer are a step in that direction. Customers have several options for buying tickets. Nearly 500,000 Helsinki region residents have a Travel Card and over 350,000 people have the HSL Mobile app on their phones. In the HSL area, tickets can be purchased on trains as before with Travel Card value. In addition, we will install ticket machines at all HSL-area train stations, allowing passengers to buy tickets with debit and credit cards, says HSL Director of Customer Experience and Sales, Mari Flink.Read more
Municipalities pay part of the price of season tickets. In case of city internal tickets, the subsidy covers up to half the ticket price. The longer season ticket you buy on your Travel Card, the cheaper the price per day. If, for example, you buy a ticket for two months instead of for two weeks, you save 15 percent on the price per day. By buying a season ticket for full year on one go, you get one month free of charge compared to buying monthly tickets. R-kiosks and HSL are campaigning for longer term season tickets. R-kiosks are running a prize draw campaign for customers who load their Travel Cards at R-kiosks. When a customer loads their Travel Card at an R-kiosk, there is a code in the receipt allowing them to enter the prize draw. Every week, one participant wins free HSL journeys for the rest of the year. The campaign runs until 20 April 2017.HSL aims to encourage customers to buy longer term season tickets so that loyal customers can get the most out of their season tickets. The longer the season ticket you buy, the cheaper the price per day, says HSLs Director of Customer Experience and Sales, Mari Flink.HSL Travel Cards can be topped up at all HSL-area R-kiosks. In addition to R-kiosks, Travel Cards can be topped up at various stores, kiosks and HSLs service points.Read more
Helsinki residents sense of security in everyday life has not deteriorated. This is a general conclusion of the latest Helsinki Safety Survey, the responses to which were collected at the turn of the year 2015-16. Perceived security in peoples own neighbourhoods and in central Inner Helsinki rose steadily in the years 2003-2012. Since then, the situation has not changed. Yet there are large differences between Helsinki districts in terms of perceived unsafety, particularly during weekend evenings. Nonetheless, there is obvious evidence for continuing to present Helsinki as a very safe tourist and conference city.Although perceived safety in your own neighbourhood and in central Inner Helsinki has not changed, residents idea of the general safety situation in Helsinki has deteriorated. Responses often relate unsafety to metro or train stations or bus stops. Paradoxically, the proportion of respondents feeling safe on public transport was larger now than three years earlier. Residents assessment of the security situation is based partly on their own experiences, partly on so-called second-hand information. Crime headlines and other safety-related news may increase peoples anxiety even if their own experiences suggest something else.Young women more scared of sexual offences nowIn 2015, Helsinki residents slightly more often than before fell victim of crimes against property, such as bicycle thefts. More people than earlier had also had other personal belongings than bicycles and vehicles stolen. Domestic burglaries, on the other hand, are rare, and otherwise too, Helsinki resident worry less than earlier about becoming victims of theft or damage.Violence and threats of violence have, on the whole, not become more common in Helsinki. Yet, systematic growth has occurred in violence and threats against women at work. The proportion of respondents fearing they might fall victim of violence or threats of violence was as large as in 2012. It should be noted, though, that young womens fear of falling victim to sexual offences had increased clearly over those three years.Fewer witness violence in their own neighbourhoodAt the same time it has become less common for residents to see violence such as fights or beatings-up in their own neighbourhood. Witnessed violence is in a way a more objective measure of unsafety than is peoples sense of security. On the other hand  and although the trend has been favourable  differences in witnessed violence are still large between districts in Helsinki.Worries about tensions between language and population groupsIn their own neighbourhoods, Helsinki residents worried most about rising unemployment and social marginalisation, although indeed worries about issues mentioned had decreased on the whole. The worry that had increased the most between 2012 and 2015 concerned relationships between language and ethnic groups in the neighbourhood. Most also felt that people with a confused behaviour in the streetscape were disturbing and caused unsafety. At the same time, people believed upgraded services for drug abuse problems and mental problems would favourably influence safety and serenity in Helsinki.Those with a foreign mother tongue now included in the surveyThe 2015 survey was the first one to be answered by residents with a foreign mother tongue too, i.e. other than Finnish or Swedish. Those with a foreign mother tongue experienced slightly more unsafety in their neighbourhoods than did the indigenous population. Again, those with a foreign mother tongue felt just as safe as the indigenous to move about in central Helsinki and on public transport. Those with a foreign mother tongue are almost as satisfied with their neighbourhood as are the indigenous population.Nonetheless, it was more common among people with a foreign mother tongue to worry about safety. They worried clearly more than the indigenous about the future of children and young people, about terrorism and climate change. The situation in their own neighbourhood was more often a worry for those with a foreign mother tongue than for others. More often than the indigenous, those with a foreign mother tongue reported a family member had been exposed to violence or threats of violence in a public place. Similarly, they were also more worried about falling victim of crime or accidents.At three-year intervals since 2003, the City of Helsinki has conducted a resident survey on safety. The responses to the 2015 Safety Survey were given at an exceptional time, when the Paris bombings shook and worried people here, too. In addition, in a short time a large number of asylum seekers arrived in Finland, and the reactions of locals toward mushrooming reception centres were strong in places. There was much debate about street patrols and hate rhetoric on the web.The Safety Survey 2015 was answered by over 4,000 Helsinki residents aged 15-74 years. Many of the articles in the fresh report have been previously published as articles in the web version of the Kvartti magazine.Publication:Vesa Keskinen & Eija Laihinen: Kaikesta huolimatta turvallista  Helsingin turvallisuustutkimus 2015, Helsinki City Urban Facts Offices Study 2017:2, pdf-publication.(in Finnish)Inquiries:Researcher Vesa Keskinen, +358 9310 36296, vesa.keskinen(at)hel.fi
   Expert Eija Laihinen, +358 9310 37950, eija.laihinen(at)hel.fi
Eero Ettala, the snowboard pioneer from Helsinki, Finland, has published a unique video about his hometown  as seen through the eyes of a snowboarder. In a joint project with the City of Helsinkis Marketing unit, Ettala takes the viewer through Helsinki as he transforms the citys iconic architectural locations into a visually stunning urban snowboarding playground.The ability of the Finnish capital city to transform into a street snowboarders paradise has been a true home turf advantage for Eero Ettala during his 15-year-long professional snowboarding career.When Ettala was location scouting for his video, he wanted to present Helsinki in a new and interesting light. The video begins in front of the Helsinki Ice Hall (on Nordenskildinkatu), with a colossal bas-relief statue made of reinforced concrete. From there, the journey continues to the Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma and its rails. Also featured in the video is the most famous landmark of the city, the Helsinki Cathedral, in all its glory. The cathedral also acts as a starting platform for the next location. On the Helsinki Market Square we get to see Ettalas gigantic jump across the so called Cholera basin. The video ends in the Kaivopuisto park.Helsinki Transitions video on tuotettu Red Bull Media Houselle Pablo Filmsin toimesta. Helsinki Marketingin toimi projektissa yhteistykumppanina.
Helsinki Transitions video is produced to Red Bull Media House by Pablo Films. Helsinki Marketingi was a partner in the project.
Read more:MyHelsinki
Once more, annually appearing English-language magazine Helsinki Quarterly compiles fresh research and statistics on Helsinki and the Helsinki Metropolitan Area. Themes in this years Helsinki Quarterly include immigrant issues, employment in Helsinki, urban activism and attendance at cultural events.To get a quick overview of the situation in Helsinki today it is a good idea to start with the article Helsinkis present state and development 2016: Summary of key findings. It is a selection from a larger report, Helsinkis present state of development, which was made for the City Council and which describes important trends and changes during the four years of the ending Council term. The data in Helsinkis present state of development are also used as reference for policy-making and planning in the city administration.Theme articles on employment among immigrants and on the asylum seeker situationFrom an international perspective, immigrant issues have appeared quite late in Helsinki, but in return, the more intensively. Articles in the new Helsinki Quarterly present a population projection for residents with a foreign mother tongue, and a report on the employment situation of immigrants in Helsinki. Special attention has been paid to the situation among those asylum seekers coming to Finland in 2016, and what it implies in Helsinki.Helsinki Quarterly 1/2017 as a wholeAri Jaakola & Katja Vilkama: Helsinki's present state and development 2016: summary of key findingsNetta Mki: Asylum seekers expected to have little impact on the growth of Helsinki's foreign-language populationHenrik Lnnqvist & Minna Salorinne: Long-term unemployment at a record high, but light at the end of the tunnelPasi Saukkonen: Immigrants and employment in HelsinkiTimo M. Kauppinen & Katja Vilkama: Entry to homeownership among immigrants in the Helsinki Metropolitan AreaPasi Menp & Maija Faehnle: Civic activism as a resource for citiesPekka Mustonen & Taru Lindblom: Cultural participation and cultural preferences in Helsinki
The Helsinki City Hall cafeteria has been refurbished as a restaurant and caf open for all. Located in the heart of Helsinkis Old Town, only steps away from the Senate Square and the Presidential Palace, the restaurant serves in a modern Scandinavian-style interior.The restaurant opened doors for weekday service on Wednesday, 5 April. In addition to its traditional lunch service, the restaurant will also be open on weekends.On weekdays the restaurant opens at 7:00 with breakfast service. In addition to a range of coffees, the menu includes organic porridge, savoury and sweet pastries, omelettes and smoothies.Starting at 10:30, the restaurant serves lunch. Customers can choose between a buffet and an  la carte menu. The menus feature fresh ingredients, home cooking, Scandinavian dishes and international flavours. There is always a vegan option.After lunch service, the City Hall Restaurant serves as a caf 15:0017:00 for those enjoying an afternoon break or an after-work refreshment.The City Hall Restaurant entrance is at Sofiankatu 1.The weekend service starts on 22 April. Doors are open for brunch 10:3016:00.Read more:Video on a Twitter-postTori QuartersThe restaurant also has an outdoor section, which opens on May Day (1 May).Read more:The caterers website (in Finnish but with images of the restaurant and caf)Tori QuartersVideo on Twitter
The summer sea traffic season in Helsinki is starting soon, and Port of Helsinki expects it to be busy. For some days, up to 24 departures are scheduled from South Harbour, Katajanokka, and West Harbour to Tallinn. Other routes include land, Stockholm, and Saint Petersburg, and from Vuosaari Harbour to Travemnde.
As new departures, ships, and routes are introduced for regular liner traffic, we can offer plenty of options for sea travel. This summer, sea travel will be even more flexible and diverse than before.
The cruise season is also expected to be even busier than last summer. Based on advance reservations, over 270 international cruise ship visits are expected in Helsinki. This international atmosphere will also manifest itself on the streets of Helsinki, as approximately 440,000 passengers from around the world arrive wanting to find out more about the cultural, entertainment, and restaurant services in Helsinki.Six ships which have never visited Helsinki before are expected to visit this season:Katajanokka and South Harbour will also receive cruise ships, but over 80% of all cruise passengers will arrive in Helsinki via Hernesaari and West Harbour. Last year, the most passengers came from Germany, the USA, and the UK. However, the interest of Asian passengers in Baltic Sea cruises is also expected to increase.Read more
Port Of Helsinki
The City of Helsinki schools celebrated international Finland with international food theme days during the week of March 27. The participating schools included all comprehensive schools, general upper secondary schools and other educational institutions. The theme was a reminder that the current Finnish food culture is increasingly versatile and international: stir-fry cooking, tacos and pizzas are no longer specialties in the everyday Finnish menu.The international food theme marked school menus from Tuesday to Thursday, when school cafeterias served international favourites that have established themselves in Finland. On offer was pulled pork sandwiches or veggie burgers and coleslaw, stir-fry noodles and vegetables, and Mediterranean fish soup. However, the menus did not forget traditional Finnish delicacies: on offer was also Finnish oven pancake with strawberry jam.The Culinary Tour  International Finland theme week is part of the Finland 100 programme that celebrates 100 years of Finnish independence and the programmes Lets Eat Together theme. The City of Helsinki Education Department joined the caterer, the City of Helsinki Service Centre, in menu planning.The menus of the theme week can be found at hel.fi/ruokalistat. They are in Finnish.Read more about Lets Eat Together at http://syodaanyhdessa.fi/in-english/
Waste collection vehicles of Helsinki Region Environmental Services (HSY) will begin their annual spring tour on Monday, 3 April. The vehicles accept hazardous waste, scrap metal and electrical appliances from homes free of charge. The vehicles will xsmake stops at nearly 300 locations throughout the Helsinki metropolitan area. They will tour Helsinki from 3 April to 29 May.Hazardous waste includes energy-saving light bulbs, fluorescent lights, wet paints, solvents, pesticides and washing and cleaning detergents. The touring waste collection vehicles also accept medication otherwise discarded medication must be taken to a pharmacy.The vehicles accept household electrical appliances, such as refrigerators, freezers, electric stoves, washing machines, telephones and toasters. One person can bring to a vehicle no more than three devices of the same type at a time.The vehicles also accept single household metal objects, such as bicycles, wood-burning sauna heaters, hot water tanks, frying pans, and pots and pans. However, large amounts of scrap metal must be taken to an HSY Sortti station. Sortti stations accept scrap metal free of charge.The touring waste collection vehicles do not accept car tyres, pressure treated wood, asbestos, hazardous waste from businesses and explosives such as fireworks supplies and emergency flares.Read more:Touring collection vehicles, stops and timetablesSortti stations, hours and locationsHazardous waste containers
Residents of the Helsinki metropolitan area are pampered in 2017 with 142 free excursions in nature. These excursions are listed in the newly published metropolitan nature excursion calendar 2017. The excursions begin with migratory bird watching in April and end in November with observation of trout laying eggs in urban brooks and with a short-daylight excursion. Excursions taken with others reward participants with fine memories and a great deal of information about nature to be utilized later on other outings. Guided excursions in nature have been organized in the Helsinki metropolitan area for more than 30 years.Excursions organized during the centenary year of Finlands independence take participants widely around the metropolitan area, which is enriched with unbelievably diverse and magnificent nature. The urban palette includes splendid cultural and natural scenery. Most of the destinations have rich flora and fauna, and the scenery is associated with exciting stories.For many, nature excursions are some of the best leisure activity from spring to late autumn. Being active in nature is good for the mind and the body. Excursions and park walks help people who have recently moved to the metropolitan area to adjust to their new place of residence.Nature Days celebrate Finnish natureEspoo, Helsinki, Kauniainen and Vantaa join the events of three national Nature Days. You can Go Wild With Spring on 20 May, for example, by joining a wild foods excursion. You can Fall in Love With Summer Night on 17 June by sleeping outdoors, and you can celebrate Finnish nature on 28 August as Finnish flags are flown at full-mast by joining a bat excursion in Espoo or a trek in Vantaas Sipoonkorpi or by picnicking on the Harakka Island in Helsinki.Nature information in brochures, in books and on the InternetThe City of Helsinki has produced a series of brochures, entitled Helsingin luontoon!, that presents the citys nature to readers. A book to be released in April, entitled Lumoava Helsinki, presents 200 exiting destinations, nature reserves, natural monuments, geological sites and historical destinations as well as parks in Helsinki.Thirty Helsinki park walks are presented in English as well as in Finnish and Swedish on the Green Hearts, Park Walks in Helsinkiwebsite.Nature excursion calendar distributed at customer service counters and city librariesA total of 23,000 copies of the nature excursion calendar are now available at Espoo, Helsinki, Kauniainen and Vantaa customer service counters and nature centres, at the Virka-info customer service (Helsinki City Hall, Pohjoisesplanadi 1113) and on the Internet. City libraries will carry copies from the beginning of April onwards.The guided excursions are mostly held in Finnish, but some excursions are also in Swedish and one is in English. Park walks in Helsinki include some drama tours, on which participants meet with famous persons from history. Most of the excursions are free of charge, but charges apply to ferry rides. Registration is required for some special excursions, but otherwise excursions are free for everybody to join irrespective of city limits. Some excursions are accessible. Normal physical condition is enough to join.Nature excursion calendar 2017 (PDF), mostly in Finnish with some Swedish and one excursion in English.
In the coming years and decades, central Helsinki will expand and trams will play a key role in transport in the new districts. The tram network will expand, causing changes to the existing route network. These changes will start to affect passengers in August when the new Helsinki tram network will be introduced.The new tram network has been designed to besimple and straightforward and to provide reliableand frequent service, allowing as many passengers as possible to get to their destinations as smoothly as possible. The idea is to ensure short, even headways on the most important sections of route with a combination of two trams. In 2017, there will be changes to tram routes 1, 2, 3, 7 and 9. The changes to the tram network will take effect on Monday 14 August when Helsinki Region Transport HSLs transport services switch to winter timetables. The changes are explained in detail with the help of maps. You can also read about changes to take place in the coming years. In the 2020s, trams will go all the way to Hernesaari, Ilmala and Kalasatama.Read more:Take a look at the new routes and mapsRead how track works affect services in 2017Changes to the tram network after 2017  read moreHSL
The City of Helsinki Service Centre has received inquiries from the media and citizens about the origin of the meat used in the meals provided by Service Centre. Many have expressed concern about the origin of the meat used in meals served at schools and day care centres.The majority of the meat used in meals provided by Service Centre comes from Finland. However, because of the EU competition policy, meat is also sourced from Germany and the Netherlands, that is, from other EU countries.Who prepares meals for Helsinki day care centres, schools and care institutions?The City of Helsinki Service Centre partners with the City schools, day care centres, care centres and hospitals. We deliver more than 100,000 meals daily.Our meal service provides:In addition to Service Centre, meal services for day care centres and schools are also provided by other catering operations.The origin of the meat used in Service Centre kitchensThe City of Helsinki Service Centre and Procurement Centre issued a public bid to meat providers in the spring of 2016, when the previous contract expired. The meat providers selected on the basis of the competitive bid are HKScan, Atria and Chipsters. The biggest single change from the past in terms of the origin of meat relates to minced meat (or ground meat) delivered by Chipsters.HKScan and Atria deliver mainly Finnish meat. Chipsters delivers minced meat (ground meat) only for the Pakkala production operations, and the origins of their beef and pork mince (ground beef and pork) are Germany and the Netherlands  that is, the meat in food products from Pakkala containing beef or pork mince comes from Germany and the Netherlands. Apart from these food products, all beef and pork mince is of Finnish origin.To sum up, the City of Helsinki Service Centre uses in its meals only meat sourced from Finland and other EU countries.City of Helsinki Service Centre
The English edition of the Statistical Yearbook of Helsinki provides a varied, statistics-based description of the city and its residents. Many of the tables also present comparative data from the rest of the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, the Helsinki Region and Finland as a whole. Moreover, the yearbook contains a chapter on major cities in the rest of Scandinavia and another on Tallinn, Riga, Vilnius and St Petersburg.The 2016 edition of the book is the 104th. The statistical tables are also available as open data on the Helsinki Region Infoshare (www.hri.fi) service.These are some of the facts provided in the yearbook:The population of Helsinki was 628,208 at the turn of 2015/2016. The population had increased by 7,493 persons, or 1.2 per cent, compared to a year earlier. The number of dwellings in Helsinki increased by 3,563 in 2015 compared to the previous year. At the end of the year, there were a total of 350,314 dwellings in the city. 85.7 per cent of the dwelling stock consisted of flats. Helsinki residents are active users of public transport. For instance, 55,230,000 tram journeys were made in 2015.  Altogether 37,786 persons were employed by the City of Helsinki at the end of 2015. The biggest unit in the city administration, the Department of Social Services and Health Care, had 15,946 staff members.Inquiries:Ari Jaakola, +358 9 310 43608, ari.jaakola(at)hel.fiAila Perttil, +358 9 310 36399, aila.perttila(at)hel.fiSource:Statistical Yearbook of Helsinki 2016, English condensed edition, pdf-publication.
City of Helsinki is hosting the ISU World Figure Skating Championships 2017 March 29 - April 2. The city will be filled with excitement and events as at the same time Finland celebrates 100 years of independence. Join the celebration. Altogether 199 skaters representing 44 countries will take part in this years ISU World Figure Skating Championships.
The Opening Show will take place on Wednesday March 29 at 5.15 pm. This is a must-see spectacle starring Kiira Korpi, Laura Lepist, dancers of the Finnish National Ballet, Diandra, Waltteri Torikka, the synchronized skating teams Marigold IceUnity, Rockettes, Team Unique, Team Mystique, Musketeers and Finnish ice dancers and many many more.
You can find the Official song of the ISU World Figure Skating Championships 2017 by Diandra here.The ISU World Figure Skating Championships have already been very visible in Helsinki in the months leading up to the event.
The City of Helsinki and the Finnish Figure Skating Association have signed a partnership agreement and together organised ten free-of-charge skating events in Helsinki over the winter. This represents a new form of event cooperation, allowing hundreds of local residents the chance to skate and take skating lessons easily and at no cost. At the same time the citys refrigerated skating rinks have received a lot of positive visibility, confirms Tarja Loikkanen, Sports Director at City of Helsinki.Special attention has been paid to creating an inspiring event venue at Hartwall Arena. There will be plenty of sales and service points inside the arena, as well as the City of Helsinkis Uusix Workshop and a team of multilingual Helsinki Helpers to assist visitors.
The visual design of the arena during the championships has been inspired by Finnish nature.Read more:
www.helsinki2017.comTake public transport to the World Figure Skating Championships venue
Finlands largest heating and cooling plant has been selected as part of the national peak load capacity system. Helen will take part in safeguarding a sufficient electricity supply in Finland with the Katri Vala heating and cooling plant.By its recent decision, the Energy Authority has accepted Helens Katri Vala heating and cooling plant located in Srninen to join the peak load capacity for the next three-year period as a plant capable of demand response of electricity. Thus, as part of the peak load capacity system, Helen will contribute to ensuring that Finland has a sufficient electricity supply by reducing the electricity consumption of the heating and cooling plant in exceptional situations, i.e. when peak load capacity is needed.The Katri Vala heating and cooling plant has been an integral part of Helens heat and cooling production for the past ten years. Last year, the plant reached a record production level: it produced as much as seven per cent of the district heat used in Helsinki.A substantial amount of waste energy is recovered with heat pumps. However, due to their high power, large heat pumps consume a lot of electricity even though electricity is needed only in relation to about one-third of the produced heat. Therefore, large heat pumps are capable of taking part in rapid and controlled demand response as part of Helen's energy system, and they are able to carry out the required substantial reduction in electricity consumption within the time specified by the authorities.Helen
Helen is building new solar power plants on the properties of business customers.The customer provides the facility for the power plant and will, in turn, be able to take advantage of the electricity generated by the plant.Helen strives for a climate-neutral future in a number of different ways. Helen is increasing the share of decentrally produced renewable energy in its own production, but customers can also contribute to its growth.With Helens solar power, corporate customers will gain all the benefits of their own solar energy without having to make capital investments themselves. Electricity produced by their own power plant is usually cheaper than obtaining it from the electricity network.Helen takes care of the implementation, financing and maintenance of the plant.Helen is a forerunner in the utilisation of solar energyWith its own solar power plants in Kivikko and Suvilahti in Helsinki, Helen is among the biggest solar power producers in Finland. As a result of its solar power plants, Helen was the first company to launch a designated panel concept, in which anyone can start producing solar power by renting their own panel.Helen has also built dozens of large and small solar power plants for its customers, for example, on the roof of the Otavamedia offices in the Pasila district of Helsinki.Read more:Helen
Preliminary design concepts have been selected for bridges to be built in Merihaka and Hakaniemi. The concepts will serve as a basis for further bridge design and engineering.
The design concept selected for the Merihaka bridge (see rendering above) will produce a lightweight, pier-like structure that doesnt block the view from Kalasatama to Pohjoisranta owing to its low elevation. This was considered a merit in terms of the overall cityscape. The concept also offers new opportunities for the Hanasaari area planning and connections to the inner city, as the design enables a logical cycling and pedestrian connection from the bridge to Hanasaari. However, no decisions have been made on the connection to Hanasaari, and the implementation of the connection will be determined later. According to the jury, the design concept selected for the new Hakaniemi bridge (see rendering below) is sculptural and appropriately unconventional.Alternative design concepts were provided by two consulting firms. Both concepts selected for further bridge design and engineering were provided by Pontek Oy. The selection was made by a jury including members of the Helsinki City Planning Department, Public Works Department and Helsinki City Transport. The next stage in the process will consist of general design and engineering to produce plans for bridge architecture, furnishings and railings. The plans will form a part of the Hakaniemi municipal infrastructure plan, which will be completed at the end of 2017. Both bridges are scheduled for construction in the early 2020s.The Merihaka bridge, included in the Crown Bridges (Kruunusillat) project, will provide a new connection between Merihaka and the southern end of Sompasaari known as Nihti. The bridge will accommodate a tram line, a cycling lane and a pedestrian lane. The bridge clearance will be approximately 2 metres, but the bridge will probably be built with a moveable section to allow for exceptional shipments. The section would be operated with mobile cranes.The old Hakaniemi bridge, built in 1961, is reaching the end of its service life, and the new Hakaniemi bridge will replace the old one. The new bridge will be located east of the old bridge, which will be demolished. Similar to the old bridge, the new bridge will have 2 + 2 lanes for vehicular traffic, cycling lanes and pedestrian lanes. The clearance of the new bridge will be less than 5 metres.High-resolution renderings:Merihaka bridge. Rendering: Pontek OyHakaniemi bridge. Rendering: Pontek OyCrown Bridges projectThe Crown Bridges (Kruunusillat) project will give the growing Laajasalo area in eastern Helsinki a fast public transport connection to the city centre. The project involves the construction of a new 10-kilometre tram line, a cycling connection, pedestrian paths and plazas. The new connections provided by the project will improve the entire Helsinki-region rail transport network and the network of the regions main cycling routes. The most visible part of the project consists of three new bridges, the longest one of which  the 1,200-metre Kruunuvuorensilta  will be the longest bridge in Finland.In the same connection, a new bridge will be built in Hakaniemi to replace the old bridge, which is reaching the end of its service life.More:Crown Bridges webpages: www.kruunusillat.fi (in Finnish)
Facebook:www.facebook.com/kruunusillat
Twitter:https://twitter.com/kruunusillat
You can now pay tickets purchased on the HSL Mobile ticket app by debit or credit card or by mobile payment charged to you phone bill.The HSL Mobile ticket app has been updated. You can now pay tickets purchased on the app by debit or credit card. You can also pay by mobile payment, i.e. the ticket is charged to your phone bill. coNow that customers can pay the tickets by debit or credit card, also company phone users and foreign visitors can easily buy HSLs mobile tickets, says HSLs Senior Mobile and Online Sales Expert, Satu Rnnqvist.With theHSL Mobile ticket app, you can buy single tickets for all HSL travel zones. The tickets are valid on all modes of transport. Mobile tickets are 10% cheaper than single tickets bought from drivers. For example, city internal single tickets cost 2.90 euros.In total 320,000 customers have now downloaded the HSL Mobile ticket app and about 60,000 mobile tickets are sold a week.A mobile season ticket will be introduced later this year. In addition, HSL is developing a new HSL app, which combines a ticket app and the Journey Planner.We want to make the use of public transport even easier. In future, customers will be able to access all key mobility, payment and information services via our app and online service, says the Director of Customers Experience and Sales Department, Mari Flink.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport
Uusimaa-region nursing homes, elderly service centres and war veterans hospitals will host a project entitled 100 Trips Down Memory Lane between 1 April and 31 May. The project forms a part of the Finland 100 centenary programme celebrating 100 years of Finnish independence in 2017.The project centres on Hilda  A Trip Down Memory Lane, an app developed for the elderly to promote wellbeing and to improve the quality of life for especially elderly people suffering from memory disorders. The app utilizes both music and memories. With the help of the app, users can record their memories related to historical events and their own life situations. Thus they can share their memories with others and listen to other peoples memories.The project will start from the Syystie service centre with a launch eventto be held at 14:30 on Wednesday, 29 March. The event will be used to introduce the project and Hilda. Singer Mikael Kontinen will be performing, and there will also be joint singing.The project is carried out in cooperation with students of elderly care services at the Metropolia University of Applied Sciences.Read more about HildaFinland 100 centenary events and activities for the elderly (page in Finnish)
The City of Helsinki Public Works Department publishes a street maintenance timetable on the department Web site and sends street maintenance information as text messages to subscribers of the departments SMS service. Street cleaning proceeds smoothly when car owners remove their cars. In addition to the Web page on street maintenance and text messages, street cleaning is announced with signs posted on streets.The total length of roadways to be cleaned in Helsinki is 2,000 kilometres and the work continues to May. The exact maintenance timetables are dictated by weather. The grit removed from roads and streets is used in construction.Properties in the inner city can sweep the grit to the edge of streets  but not onto tram tracks  and the City removes it as the streets are cleaned. No grit shall be swept onto a cleaned street.The following services are in Finnish:Street maintenance timetableStreet maintenance text message service
Helsinki fights street dust and cleans streetsThe City of Helsinki uses a calcium chloride solution to water street surfaces in the springtime efforts to control street dust. The solution binds dust effectively as it keeps dust moist for a lengthy period of time. The solution can also be used in sub-zero temperatures.The maintenance of sidewalks and streets in the inner city is the responsibility of properties. The City urges properties to remove grit from the sidewalks and to wash the sidewalks with water. Grit has to be removed wet. Blowers must never be used, because they release high amounts of dust into air. Sidewalks should be washed daily especially on busy streets during dry weather and for as long as street dust occurs.Read more:Street maintenance
Helen will carry out modernisation work on the district heating network in Tukholmankatu. The work is to be implemented in three phases:The worksite will considerably hinder and slow down traffic in the nearby areas for the entire project duration. Efforts are made to complete the work and reopen the streets to traffic by the end of June.
Further information and a map of the affected areas: http://www.helen.fi/tullinpuomi (in Finnish)
The streets and squares of Helsinki will be more colourful next summer than before, when Helsinki Urban Art opens new horizons on the Helsinki street art scene in the form of several artworks and art projects. Street art will be seen on the Vaasanaukio square, in Kannelmki, on Helsinginkatu and around Pasila.One important area for Helsinki Urban Art is Pasila, where grey concrete surfaces will be turned into a strength. We want to make Pasila a colorful street art district, where residents can enjoy art every day and be proud of their district  a place known for delightful surprises rather than for greyness, says Jaakko Blomberg, one of the founders of Helsinki Urban Art.Helsinki Urban Art in summer 2017:Vaasanaukio painted by the communityHelsinki Urban Art will go to work at the Vaasanaukio square in June. The surface of the square will be painted by residents with a large collage of street art on 818 June. Residents can have a say on the art during the spring: they will be invited to offer and vote on ideas for the artworks to be created, which will be based on the resident selection.Pasila street art districtA longer and larger street art project will go underway in Pasila in the summer, when both Finnish and international artists bring colour to the district. The first painting session will be held in Eastern Pasila (It-Pasila) 1420 August.Kannelmki muralMore large murals will appear in Helsinki in June, when Argentinian artist Milu Correchpaints one in Kannelmki at Urkupillintie 4. The mural, to be painted on a wall of an elderly service centre, will reflect on the centres services and users: the motif of the artwork is elderly people playing cards.Helsinki art streetThe Brahe sports field area became the host of about 30 Brahe Art Field artworks in summer 2016. The artworks were created by a number of artists. The project will continue this year and spread to a larger area on the Helsinginkatu street.The new urban art organization Helsinki Urban Art comprises a group of professionals of visual arts, community art and urban activism. Helsinki Urban Art originates from a project to bring more street art to Helsinki. The project created several street art works in 2016 to enliven the city.Read more:Helsinki Urban Art
According to a recent survey, the Port of Helsinki has significant positive effects on the regional economy and employment rates in the municipalities in and around the Helsinki region. The total value of the business operations related to the Port of Helsinki in 2015 was 1.6billion euros, and the operations employed approximately 15,000people. In addition to the regional level, the effects practically span throughout the country.
The annual financial effects add up to 2.6billion euros
The value of the business operations related to the Port, combined with the other income effects of the location, bring the total economical value of the financial effects of the port up to 2.6billion euros per year. The operations related to the Port employ a total of 15,000people.
Storage services and operations that serve traffic are by far the largest branch, when measured in employment effects. Passenger traffic, sea traffic passenger transport, is the second largest.Helsinkis share of sea passenger traffic between mainland Finland and other countries is approximately 80%.The total income for the Helsinki region in 2015 from passengers who travel through the Port of Helsinki was 805million euros.Read more:Port of Helsinki
The majority of people in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area consider it important to sort their waste. An increasing number of people are also aware that waste is recycled and reused as raw material for new products. These facts are shown by a survey conducted by Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority HSY last autumn. The survey was taken by more than 1,000 residents of the metropolitan area and Kirkkonummi.Three out of four respondents see the importance of their efforts and sort their waste the rest either sort their waste incorrectly or dont sort their waste at all.Sorting is considered easyNearly three out of four of the survey respondents sort their waste either fairly actively or very actively. An equal number of respondents think that sorting is easy.Residents usually find waste recycling containers in the waste collection area of their residential property. HSY collects glass and metal waste at all properties with 20 or more housing units. Cardboard and biowaste are collected at properties with 10 or more units. Furthermore, collection of plastic packaging materials, begun a year ago as an experiment, has brought waste containers for these materials to the waste collection areas of 3,500 properties.Household waste reused almost fullyTwo out of three of the survey respondents were aware that the biowaste collected by HSY is turned into biogas and mulch. Sorted glass bottles and jars, metal, paper and cardboard are also reused as raw materials for new products.The remaining waste, that is, unsorted waste, is used by HSY to produce district heat and electricity at a waste-to-energy plant.Read more:Waste guide helps you with sorting problemsHSY waste sorting meetings in the spring (page and events in Finnish)
The KEH17 local defence exercise led by the Guard Jaeger Regiment will be held on 610 March 2017 in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area. The goal of the exercise is to improve the readiness and capability of local troops and develop cooperation with the authorities in demanding and diverse threat scenarios in the Helsinki metropolitan area.The troops will be operating in the Helsinki metropolitan area around the clock in battle dress and equipped with assault rifles. The Finnish Defence Forces' staff will wear yellow safety vests on top of their battle gear. The blanks used by the troops participating in the exercise may cause noise between 7 am and 10 pm in the following areas: Lnsimki, Vuosaari, Laajasalo, Herttoniemi, Viikinmki ja Santahamina.Read more:
maavoimat.fi
Modern Life!  Finnish Modernism and the International Dimension showcases highlights of architecture, design, visual art and photography that contributed to the construction of a modern and international Finland between 1917 and 1968. It also shows how everyday life in the modern country was gradually shaped by visual art.
In the first five decades of its independence, Finland was transformed from a politically divided, rural and poor country into a modern, urbanising and international welfare state. In parallel with the transformation, art, photography, design and architecture all sought new paths.Modern architects designed urban centres and dwellings with the aims of improving quality of life, efficiency and practicality. Designers created beautiful products for everyday life, as well as unique objects of art. Artists explored increasingly abstract forms of expression while photographers turned their lenses on modern people and the changing cityscape. The new style was not always welcomed by the public, and modernism was even jeered at, especially in popular culture.Modern Life! showcases the success story of Finnish architecture, from Eliel Saarinens skyscraper that was never built to Toronto City Hall designed by Viljo Revell. It also explores Alvar Aaltos roles as architect, designer and urban planner. It sheds light on the moment when Finnish Design became a household name and examines the ways in which art and urban planning have transformed the capital. Other highlights include works by the pioneers of Finnish photography and fine art, and the success of Finland at the New York and Montreal world fairs.
The exhibition is produced by HAM in collaboration with the Alvar Aalto Museum, the Museum of Finnish Architecture, the Design Museum and the Finnish Museum of Photography.Modern Life! is curated from the treasures of the participating museums: over 300 works or installations by 50 great names. The featured Finnish talents include Alvar and Aino Aalto, Win Aaltonen, Emmi Fock, Kaj Franck, Eila Hiltunen, Anitra Lucander, Toini Muona, Vuokko Nurmesniemi, Matti Pietinen, Otso Pietinen, Laila Pullinen, Unto Pusa, Viljo Revell, Aarno Ruusuvuori, Eliel Saarinen, Kyllikki Salmenhaara, Timo Sarpaneva, Vilho Setl, Ilmari Tapiovaara, Sam Vanni and Tapio Wirkkala.Tennis Palace is a matchless venue for the show, an eminently modernist building celebrating its 80th anniversary in 2017.
Open: 3.3.-30.7.2017Read more:
HAM
The Mannerheimintie underpass of the Baana cycling and pedestrian path will be open to traffic for four weeks from the week of 6 March (week 10) onwards. However, the four-week period of cycling and pedestrian traffic in the underpass will be interrupted for one day, when the underpass is closed for concrete work. There may also be short breaks in service lasting for a few hours at a time due to hoisting and other operations necessitated by the ongoing renovation work.After the four weeks of being open to traffic, the underpass will be closed for another four weeks. If the renovation work proceeds as planned without complications, the underpass will be opened again around mid-May.Cyclists and pedestrians on Baana will be served by a shared-use passage at the construction site. Cyclists should proceed with care and at moderate speeds. During construction, the shared-use passage in the underpass will have a speed limit of 10 kilometres per hour.Good news for drivers, too: The northbound lane on Mannerheimintie will be reopened to traffic on the week of 6 March (week 10).Water-pipe renovation work has been underway in Etu-Tl since last autumn and will continue to cause intermittent disruptions to traffic until 31 May 2017.The overpass of Pohjoinen Rautatienkatu will be widened, and new ramps for cycling and pedestrians will be built to Baana from the border of the Pikkuparlamentti park at the southern side of the overpass.The contractor, Tyyhteenliittym Marski, apologizes for the inconvenience.
The Finnish Education Evaluation Centre (FINEEC) has conducted an audit of Metropolia University of Applied Sciences and has awarded it a quality label that is valid for six years from 24 February 2017. The quality system of Metropolia University of Applied Sciences fulfils the criteria for the quality management of higher education institutions and corresponds to the European principles and recommendations.
The international audit team applauds Metropolias clear goals, targets, indicators, structures, systems and resources for developing quality in the university of applied sciences (UAS). The quality management responsibility is widely shared in the organisation and the commitment to the continuous development work is evident.Reaching the goals of education, research, development and innovation activities as well as societal impact and regional development activities is followed systematically. Of note is the development of predictive modelling and planning for the future and the online-tools for quality management.Collaborative projects carried out by students with the working life are a strengthThe freely selected audit target chosen by the university of applied sciences was Metropolias innovation projects, MINNO. Every student in Metropolia takes part in a 10 ECTS innovation project that is carried out in collaboration with the working life partners. The learning takes place in multidisciplinary teams. According to the audit team the MINNO concept is a clear asset that supports Metropolia in achieving its strategic goals.
Metropolia is encouraged to explicitly define the core quality processes that should be implemented consistently across the institution. Where there is a clear rationale and local need for variance of practice in different units, this should be supported but should also be formally approved and the adapted process recorded.
Read more
Metropolia
FINEEC
"The Port of Helsinki Ltd's West Terminal 2 in the West Harbour will be opened to passengers on the morning of 27 February. The new terminal, featuring a breathtaking view of the sea, offers a whole new level of travel comfort and convenience. The nearest tram stop is right next to the entrance, and the spacious terminal itself is easy to move about in, while the glass walls of the departure lounge offer an uninterrupted view of incoming and departing ships. Walking distances to the ships are short and those traveling by car will be served by a fast check-in system.The Port of Helsinki is Finlands busiest passenger port. This coming summer promises to be especially hectic for sea traffic: On the busiest days, there will be 24 departures to Tallinn from the South Harbour, the West Harbour and Katajanokka Harbour.The new West Terminal 2 is specifically designed for fast scheduled traffic, serving 67 million passengers a year. The new terminal is only the Port of Helsinkis second building designed from the ground up for passenger traffic, the first being the Olympia Terminal. As a result, the building has been designed first and foremost with travel comfort, the needs of ship traffic and various environmental aspects in mind.The West Terminal 2 project, which includes the construction of the new terminal building and its quays, passenger bridges and corridors, field areas and roads, as well as the improvement of the fairway, has been the largest investment of the decade for the Port of Helsinki.""West Terminal 2 is our way of meeting the needs of growing HelsinkiTallinn traffic for the upcoming decades. The increased capacity and improved travel comfort provide the preconditions for continued growth. The flexibility of port operations in the centre of the city are of great importance to Helsinki and its strongly growing tourism sector,"" states Kimmo Mki, CEO of the Port of Helsinki.Read more:Port of HelsinkiTransport to harbours"
Enjoy the winter break even more!  Young people are invited to test new hobbies at Reaktori. The biggest youth event during the holiday is Reaktori. The event is held at Messukeskus, the Helsinki Expo and Convention Centre, from Wednesday to Friday, 2224 February. Doors are open 1320 daily. The Reaktori closing party is held at Gloria Cultural Arena on 25 February, starting at 18:00. Admission to Reaktori is free. Dates and time: WedFri 2224 February, hours 13:0020:00. Place: Messukeskus.
Reaktori
A more fun winter holiday  Reaktori gives young people the chance to test out new sportsBe active!  Winter break sports offerings. The winter break week will offer a great deal of sports activity for young people. Make a note of the EasySport week at the Tl Sports Hall 2024 February (note! Benjamin performs on Wednesday 22 February) Stadin talvirieha, a free winter sports event in Palohein for the whole family, Wednesday 22 February and the water sports days at the Itkeskus (Itis) and Pirkkola swimming halls  Itis MonTue 2021 February and Pirkkola ThuFri 2324 February.
Outdoor Exercise Map
Swimming halls
Skiing
Artificial and skating rinks
Ice ParkChildrens Traffic in the City, a traffic skills training park for children, will hold doors open to families with no age limits during the winter break. Pedals cars will be available on the family days. Childrens Traffic in the City will be open MonFri 2024 February, 9:0015:00. Childrens Traffic in the CityFalkulla Domestic Animal Farm will organize animal caring tasks for 9- to -17-year-olds from Monday to Saturday during the winter break week, 10:3015:00 daily. Register at Hobby Search registration opens at 17:00 on 8 February. Koillispulssi and Falkulla Domestic Animal Farm will organize a night camp for 11- to -14-year-olds during the winter break (2223 February) register at Hobby Search. Falkulla Domestic Animal FarmTheatre Cat visits Theatre Museum. Theatre Cat will make another appearance at Theatre Museum during the winter break: Detective Office Cat&Cat (in Finnish), 2024 February, for the price of admission. Theatre MuseumSEA LIFE Helsinkis rebuilt Discovery Pool is now open! There are five pools and more than 200 representatives of different species. Come and see all the inhabitants of the pools and hear more about them from our guides. SEA LIFE HelsinkiPublic playgrounds organize activities for all school-age children throughout the week.The wintry Helsinki Zoo allows children to learn about animal nesting and nutrition and how animals make it through the winter. Helsinki ZooRead more:
"The walls of Metropolia University of Applied Sciences' new Myllypuro campus are starting to rise, and the construction will soon start changing the appearance of the plot at a rapid pace. The project contractor is YIT Rakennus Oy.""The work will begin with the building of retaining walls in the direction of Liikuntamylly and Ring 1,"" says YIT's Foreman Harry Mkinen. ""The large concrete walls are approximately eight metres tall and cast using collapsible portable formwork forms, so this monumental work stage will proceed quickly.""The new campus for approximately 6,000 students, partly built on top of the metro track, will be completed in two phases in July 2018 and August 2019. Excavation work at the campus began in March 2016 and has lasted for approximately one year, just as planned.""Once completed, the six-storey-high campus building located right next to the ring road will serve as an impressive new landmark for people coming to Itkeskus from the north,"" describes the building's head architect designer Rainer Mahlamki from Lahdelma & Mahlamki Architects.The new Myllypuro campus will house Metropolia's Social Sciences and Health Care operations, Construction and Real Estate operations, as well as University Management and Centralised Shared Services.""We all believe that Myllypuro will become a source of vitality for all of eastern Helsinki. Our university's various units are already actively planning projects and networking with operators based in the area, so the new campus is sure to initiate a cycle of positivity,"" says Managing Director, President Riitta Konkola from Metropolia University of Applied Sciences.The area's industrial policy plan, due to be completed this spring, is expected to strengthen business operations, increase the number of jobs and make the Myllypuro area an even more attractive place to live.The new campus is being built by the City of Helsinki for Metropolia University of Applied Sciences. The building cost of the campus is approximately EUR 165 million, making this one of the City of Helsinki's largest ongoing building projects. So far construction has proceeded according to schedule. More information on the Myllypuro campus and a construction site webcamera"
Helsinki Region Transport, Helsinki City Transport and the Finnish League for Human Rights are campaigning against bullying and discrimination on public transport. The campaign is visible on Helsinki streets and the public transport system.The two-week campaign Stop! Final stop for discrimination encourages public transport riders to intervene in bullying and to support their fellow riders subjected to bullying and discrimination. Its easy to show support: a small gesture is often enough. Once one passenger shows support for the target of discrimination, this encourages others to do the same. The campaign also instructs passengers to report acts of bullying and discrimination to the bus driver or tram operator, the security personnel or the police.Our public transport system belongs to everybody. We want to ensure that every passenger can feel safe. We dont accept any forms of bullying and discrimination, says Mari Flink, Director for customer experience and sales at Helsinki Region Transport.
Various forms of discrimination appear at all public places, says Kaari Mattila, Secretary-General of the Finnish League for Human Rights. Discrimination is experienced by people with disabilities and members of sexual minorities. Many experience racism and gender-based discrimination. Targets of discrimination say that the worst of it is isolation. Nobody should put themselves in danger by challenging a bully, who might be aggressive. But everybody can show support for the bullied: you can go and sit down next to them, look them in the eyes and ask if they need help.The campaign against discrimination is joined by persons who have personally experienced discrimination, other public transport users and well-known public figures. On the campaign website they discuss their experiences and why its important to resist discrimination.
The campaign has been visible at Helsinki region public transport stations, on buses, on the metro and on trams since Sunday, 12 February. On Valentines Day, 14 February, campaign volunteers met riders at the public transport hubs of Helsinki, Espoo and Vantaa to distribute information and to discuss the campaign.Campaign website (in Finnish)
The premises and equipment booking system Varaamo of the City of Helsinki has grown into a service with more than 7,000 users. The service was used more than 30,000 times to book premises for various activities in 2016.Varaamo can be used by everyone to book City of Helsinki premises and equipment for their own use. The available premises now number 81. New premises to be added to the list this year include meeting spaces, band rehearsal studios and various halls.The most frequently booked premises are music studios and meeting rooms, while the most popular equipment is 3D printers at libraries. The premises available through Varaamo also include video editing rooms, facilities for digitizing images and sound, and places for skateboarding and various games. The available equipment include sowing machines, vinyl cutters and scanners.Varaamo developed to better meet user needs
An important goal with the development of the service is user-friendliness. The service has received positive feedback and suggestions for further development from more than 250 users during this year. User needs have also been explored with three surveys, which were taken by a total of 170 users.Next we plan to improve Varaamos search function. For example, we will add a map function to the service to enable users to book premises by location, says the Varaamo project manager Juho Kerppola. User needs will be a guiding principle for future service improvements.Register as a user and book a premiseYou can learn more about Varaamo and look for a premise for your needs at https://varaamo.hel.fi. You can check current bookings without registration, but you need to sign in using your Facebook, YLE or Google account.
HAM conducts several public art projects in Helsinki every year. We are now exploring new ways to produce public art and are seeking individual artists or teams to participate, along with local residents, in the production of a community art project in the Jakomki district.The process is divided into two stages. In the first stage we are searching for community artist-activists who might have an interest in the project. No plan is required at this stage: simply send us a free-form application (motivation letter) and your CV by 13 March 2017. If you wish, you may also include supplementary material with the application.HAM will invite some of the applicants to an interview. In the second stage HAM will commission plans for a community art project from selected artists/teams. One or two of the proposals will then be chosen for implementation and will be developed further in collaboration with HAM. The museum will pay a fee for the plans created in the second stage and for the selected projects.Read more:HAM
The Board of the Helsinki-Uusimaa Regional Council has named the Kallio district of Helsinki as the Helsinki-Uusimaa Regions district of 2017. The Board cites the openly networked cooperation among Kallio residents as the reason for their choice. Community-oriented approaches are part of the everyday lifestyle in Kallio. Community-orientation is seen, for example, in the districts dynamic pop-up culture and in long-ranging development activities.
The Helsinki-Uusimaa Regional Councils award to Kallio  the distinction and a 2,000-euro grant for the development of activities  goes to three active communities of the district: the Kallio cultural network, the Kallio society and the Kallio movement. The award will be presented during early 2017 at a district event chosen by Kallio residents.
Kallio has been a candidate for the award for a number of years, so its high time to recognize the fine accomplishments of the residents of Kallio to advance their districts community spirit, says Special Advisor Tarja Hailiof the Helsinki-Uusimaa Regional Council. For example, the annual Kallio Block Party festival, which fills the local streets and parks, is organized without any public funding. The challenge by the local parish last autumn involving a ringing of the Kallio Church bells in support of the bombing victims in Aleppo, Syria, raised Kallio to international awareness. Furthermore, local enterprises are strongly integrated in the network.
The list of events in Kallio is long and includes hundreds of local cultural actors. One of Finlands oldest and biggest city festivals, Kallio blooms, is held every spring attracting visitors from all over Helsinki.
Candidates for the award, which has been presented annually since 1988, are compiled by a jury consisting of experts of many different fields. The jury selects a shortlist of three districts, and the Board of the Helsinki-Uusimaa Regional Council selects the winner. This year 11 districts competed for the award.Read more:
Helsinki-Uusimaa Regional Council
The next new services to be introduced include a mobile app and a mobile season ticket.Helsnki Region Transport HSL will introduce a new version of the popular Journey Planner on 15 February. The new Journey Planner has been designed in particular for mobile users because most of the 150,000 daily users of the planner access the service using a mobile device. The service works on all mobile devices. The test version of the new Journey Planner is already available at beta.reittiopas.fi.The new Journey Planner is the first in a series of new digital services to be introduced. This year, Helsinki Region Transport HSL will upgrade its website at HSL.fi, as well as develop a new HSL application and a mobile season ticket. The Journey Planner will become an integral part of HSL.fi and the HSL app.Location services and real-time informationLocation services are the key to the Journey Planners new features. Location services allow users to see on one map the nearby stops, the services available and timetables. This means that regular users do not necessarily have to make any searches. When the users location is known, route searches can be made simply by entering the destination.The Journey Planner now offers passengers various alternatives  i.e. not just the same route at different times. Once the new ticketing and information system has been installed in all HSLs vehicles, the Journey Planner will provide real-time information about buses, commuter trains, trams and the Metro.During the spring, also city bikes will be included. The Journey Planner will show in real-time, how many bikes are available at a station and, for example, when it is faster to use a bike than to wait for a tram.Read more:
beta.reittiopas.fi
HSL
Imagine a situation where visibility is rapidly reduced due to blowing snow, you witness a traffic accident or notice a hazard on the road  what if you could receive a real-time warning from other road users? Or, would you like to be able to warn other road users? Voluntary road users using Android smartphones are invited to take part in the largest pilot for connected vehicles in Finland.
In the trial, which is aimed at improving road safety, road users are given advance warnings about traffic hazards ahead, which gives them time to prepare themselves. During the trial, road users have been able to share information about, for example, reduced visibility, accidents, obstacles or animals on the road. Now, the information will also include locations of road construction sites. The pilot will continue until the end of April 2017.The trial is part of the research on road traffic automation and it promotes traffic digitalisation in Finland. The road users, who will benefit the most from the services, are at the centre of the service development.
Both the road users and the Road Management Centre at the Finnish Transport Agency will receive road condition information. Disruption messages sent by the Road Management Centre will also be transmitted during the trial.This trial is part of the inter-Nordic, EU-funded, project NordicWay. The Finnish Coop pilot is carried out through the collaboration between HERE, Infotripla Oy, the Finnish Transport Agency and the Finnish Transport Safety Agency, Trafi.Please enrol in the trial at the address:www.automaattiset-ajoneuvot.comRead more
Finnish Transport Agency
The application period for the City of Helsinki Research Grants 2017 is open until 9 March. The grants, totaling 73,000 euros, are intended for post-graduate students with a Masters or equivalent degree (working on doctoral or licentiate theses). Also post doc research projects are eligible for the grants.Grants may be awarded for research focusing on:
 city economy and preconditions for business operations,
 organisation and evaluation of services produced or ordered by the city,
 living environment, well-being and everyday life in Helsinki, or
 issues related to immigration and internationalisation in Helsinki.All applications for the research grants must arrive by 9 March 12:00. Please consult the application form for more instructions on how to apply.The grant decisions will be made in May, and the grants will be awarded in May/June. All applicants will be informed about the decision.For further information, please contact Research Director Katja Vilkama, tel. (09) 310 78396, katja.vilkama(at)hel.fi.Application form in English, docApplication form in English, pdf
Its important but hard to learn Finnish, its difficult to make social contacts with Finns, and there are problems with the recognition of skills and with employment. These themes are repeated year after year in Finnish surveys on international professionals. On the other hand, when the employment of immigrants with higher education is studied, it should be noted that statistical data on different immigrant groups vary highly: the highest employment rate is among academically educated Estonians, whose employment rate was 86 percent in 2014. The worst employment rate was among immigrants from the Middle East and North Africa  only one in five of them were employed. However, the employment rate of immigrants with higher education was higher on average than that of other immigrants.In total, the employment rate among immigrant men with higher education was 83 percent in 2014 the employment rate among Finnish men with equivalent education was 88 percent. The employment of immigrant women with higher education is challenging: their employment rate in 2014 was only 63 percent, while the employment rate of Finnish women with equivalent education was 83 percent. The data are reported in a new working paper published by City of Helsinki Urban Facts.It is often expressed in Finnish public dialogue that Finland should obtain new skilled workers to support the countrys competitiveness. However, there seems to be a gap between these expressions and the reality, as there seem to be challenges in the recognition of skills acquired outside Finland. This may be one reason why educated immigrants may find it difficult to be employed at the level of their professional skills.Little research data on immigrants with higher educationAcademically educated immigrants from the area of the former Soviet Union have been studied quite extensively in Finland, whereas no research has been carried out on many other, smaller immigrant groups. A recent publication by City of Helsinki Urban Facts, entitled Living in limbo  Qualitative case study of skilled Iraqi asylum seekers in Finland, represents the first survey of people with higher education arrived in Finland as asylum seekers or refugees. In addition, the families of international professionals have been studied little, although the adjustment of all family members is vital to the familys wellbeing.Surveys emphasize that international professionals should be included in the labour market and in work communities. However, information is lacking on the utilization of international skills, for example, in corporations.The goal of the current working paper was to survey the data on international professionals available from research conducted in the 2010s. The survey also focused on what information is lacking on international professionals integration in Finland and what should be paid attention to in further research.Read more:Current working paper on international professionals in Finnish society, authored by Tiina Montonen, published by City of Helsinki Urban Facts, available in PDF here. In Finnish.
Living in limbo  Qualitative case study of skilled Iraqi asylum seekers in Finland. City of Helsinki Urban Fact Research Series 2017
A total of eleven Finnish cities, including Helsinki and Espoo, have joined to form an Aalto Cities collaboration network, on the initiative of the Alvar Aalto Foundation and the City of Jyvskyl. The network is intended to increase Aalto awareness both in Finland and abroad.
On Friday, February 3, 2017, the networks founding document was signed in Jyvskyl by representatives of Alajrvi, Espoo, Eura, Helsinki, Jyvskyl, Kotka, Paimio, Pori, Rovaniemi and Seinjoki.
The idea of an Aalto Cities network has been germinating for a long time now. There is a clear demand for this kind of city-to-city collaboration, says Director of the Alvar Aalto Foundation Tommi Lindh.
Any Finnish or foreign city, town or municipality with at least one noteworthy Alvar Aalto site can join the Aalto Cities network. In all, there are about forty Aalto Cities around the world.The hope is that, in the future, the network will have formed an international body that spans all the Aalto cities, says Lindh.
The current bus services in Espoo and Lauttasaari will be maintained at least until the beginning of the autumn timetable season in August. On Tuesday 31 January, Lnsimetro Oy announced that from a technical point of view, Metro services to Matinkyl could start running in June 2017. Helsinki Region Transport HSL will decide when the line opens for passenger service and when the switch to feeder bus services takes place once the completion of the works has been confirmed. The schedule will be revised in May.Joint test runs have been conducted at Aalto University, Tapiola, Keilaniemi, Koivusaari and Lauttasaari stations. The tests will now continue at Urheilupuisto, Niittykumpu and Matinkyl stations. On the basis of the tests performed, Metro services to Matinkyl could, from a technical point of view, start operating in June 2017 as estimated earlier. By contrast, it will not be possible to start services to Tapiola in April 2017, as previously estimated.The estimate is based on the testing of the sliding fire doors in the Metro tunnels. The tests conducted by Lnsimetro revealed that the fire doors did not close properly and this problem must be resolved. In case of a fire, the sliding fire doors separate the Metro tunnel from other areas. There are altogether 98 fire doors along the 28-kilometer section of line. The biggest doors are about 30 square meters.Once all joint test runs have been completed, authorities in Espoo and Helsinki can approve the opening of the stations and tunnels. Helsinki City Transport will then take responsibility for the line and stations. HSL decides when the line will be opened for passenger service and when the feeder bus routes will start operating.Before we can decide when to switch to feeder bus services, we need to know for sure when the Metro line is fully finished, says HSL Executive Director Suvi Rihtniemi.On the basis of the information available, a good date for the switch to feeder services might be 14 August, when the winter timetable season begins. Metro services to Matinkyl could start earlier. Our most important task is to ensure passengers' journeys in all situations.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport
The number of new housing units completed in Helsinki in 2016 was 4,395. The number of housing starts was 5,129, and building permits were granted for 5,597 units.New residential construction in Helsinki has been at markedly higher levels in the 2010s than in the previous decade. Since 2012, an average of 4,500 new housing units have been completed in each year.Housing starts in 2016 exceeded the number of units completed, so the number of housing units under construction remained at 7,000. The number of building permits granted in 2016 was record high for the third consecutive year. As a result, new residential construction is expected to remain robust in the current year. The residential construction target set by the City Council is currently 6,000 new housing units annually.In 2015 new residential construction largely focused on non-subsidized owner-occupied and rental housing. In terms of ownership types, the breakdown of new housing starts and new building permits in 2016 was markedly closer to the targeted breakdown defined in the programme for housing and related land use approved by the City Council. The shares of both non-subsidized rental housing and right-of-occupancy housing were markedly higher in new residential construction in 2016 than in the previous year.The most significant area of housing starts in 2016 continued to be West Harbour (Lnsisatama), where housing starts again exceeded 1,000. The largest number of new housing units completed was in Kruunuvuorenranta. New residential areas represented 58 percent of housing units under construction at the turn of the year, and 42 percent consisted of infill construction.Read more:Helsinki New Horizon
The construction of West Terminal 2 has been proceeding swiftly. The building will be put into operation in stages, and should be fully operational at the end of February. West Terminal 2 was originally scheduled for completion in April 2017, but the terminal is now set to be put into use ahead of schedule.The new terminal will significantly reduce the walking distances to and from ships.West Terminal 2 will be officially opened on 28 February 2017. On the opening day, the terminal will also be open to the public from 14:30 to 16:00.The new check-in area for vehicles has been operational since last June.The passengers of Tallink Megastar and Star are advised to arrive at the harbour in good time ahead of departure, as the walking distance from West Terminal 1 to the new West Terminal 2 is approximately 700 metres. Tallink's check-in closes and embarkation ends 25 minutes before departure.As of 27 January, tram lines 6T and 9 will start to continue from the current West Terminal 1 stop to a new terminus at West Terminal 2. From the terminus, the trams will return to the city centre via the current West Terminal 1 stop.Tallink Megastar to begin operating out of West Harbour on 29 JanuaryTallink's new ship Megastar is set to begin operating on the HelsinkiTallinn route. The ship will embark on its maiden voyage from West Harbour on 29 January at 16:30.The ship's embarkation and disembarkation procedures will initially be conducted at the current West Terminal 1 (T1). However, the ship will start using the new West Terminal 2 (T2) once the terminal's construction is completed. West Terminal 2 will be used by Tallink's ships Star and Megastar, in addition to which Ecker Line's Finlandia will start using the new terminal in June.Read more:Port of Helsinki
2017 will usher in major changes to Helsinki region public transport. The biggest changes in 2017 will be the reorganization of tram routes and new bus routes in North-East Helsinki. These and other changes planned for 2017 are outlined in HSLs annual transport service plan. In addition to the changes to tram routes and North-East Helsinki bus routes, there will be changes to the Metro services as well as bus routes in Lauttasaari when the West Metro is opened.The new tram network will be launched on 14 August 2017. Trams 1, 2, 3, 7 and 7 will be rerouted.Tram 1 will run from Eira to Kpyl via Fredrikinkatu, Bulevardi, Lasipalatsi, Runeberginkatu, Srninen and Mkelnkatu. The tram will start to run also on weekends.Tram 2 will start to run to Lnsi-Pasila, while tram 3 will start to run to Kuusitie later in autumn 2017, once the Reijolankatu tracks have been completed. Until then, the tram will run to the Tl depot.The current trams 7A and 7B will be replaced by tram 7 running from the West Terminal via the Central Railway Station along the route of trams 7A and 7B from the Senate Square to Srninen and Pasila. In Pasila, the tram will terminate in Lnsi-Pasila due to the construction works at Pasila station.Tram 9 will be rerouted to run to Jtksaari along the new tracks on Vlimerenkatu. Tram 7 will be the main public transport link to the West Terminal.The tram network has remained relatively unchanged for the past decades but as the traffic volumes in central Helsinki increase and new areas are constructed, tram services must be adapted to the changing travel needs.There will be more changes in the coming years, as new areas and new tracks are built.The new North-East Helsinki bus network will be launched on 14 August 2017 as outlined in the bus network plan. The current bus network was designed some 20 years ago and it no longer meets peoples travel needs in the best way possible. Moreover, the Ring Rail Line and trunk route 560 opened in 2015 have significantly changed transport in North-East Helsinki, providing new transport links. The new network aims to provide good transport links within North-East Helsinki as well as to the city center.Read more:Helsinki Region TransportTransport Service Plan2017-2018Nort-East Helsinki changes
The exhibition explores the story of Tyko Sallinen (18791955), a pioneer in Finnish painting and expressionism. Consisting of 50 works, the show focuses on Sallinens most important period, the 1910s. The exhibition also includes works by the artists first wife, Helmi Vartiainen, and by their daughters Taju and Eva.The thematic focuses of the show are portraits, landscapes and genre paintings. Helmi Vartiainen was Sallinens muse, but their relationship was very dualistic, as evidenced by Sallinens famous and controversial portraits of his wife, whom he called Mirri. Many of Sallinens other portraits, such as Saaren Anni and Dwarf, were also scandalous in their time, seen as being coarse and excessively candid. His landscapes, on the other hand, with their stunning colours and powerful moods, represent the apogee of his expressionist period. Sallinens genre paintings combine fanatic religiosity with earthly amusements.Tyko Sallinen was a modernist pioneer whose expressionist works had a profound impact on Finnish art in the 1910s. Sallinen and the other likeminded artists in his circle introduced fresh ideas into Finnish art, in spite of the opposition and ridicule of the older generation of artists.The exhibition is part of a series called HAMs roots. The series presents research in Finnish art history. The series is founded on the Bcksbacka Collection, which forms the core of the collection at HAM.Tyko SallinenNew hanging of Tove JanssonThe works of Tove Jansson (19142001) are amongs the most cherished pieces in the HAM collection. HAM has dedicated some of its galleries to an exhibition of the artists life and works.In the new hanging, Janssons frescos Party in the City and Party in the Country and her sketches of murals for the Aurora Childrens Hospital are now joined by two Toves murals, Rest After Work and Electricity, which were madefor the Pitjnmki factory of the Strmberg company.Tove JanssonBecause of the closure of the upstairs galleries at Tennis Palace, a reduced admission fee of 5 euro will apply from 26 January to 2 March 2017.
The mayors of the Helsinki Metropolitan Area propose a solution for the organization of the areas growth services that would be independent from any national solution. Growth services are services related to employment, the economy and immigration. According to the proposal, these services should be organized by one actor and the optimal administrative model for the services would be a metropolitan-area municipal alliance.The mayors made their joint proposal as a response to the Finnish Government, which announced in October 2016 that it was prepared to negotiate with the Helsinki Metropolitan Area municipalities about a possible independent solution for the organization of growth services.The responsibility for the organization of growth services would lie with a metropolitan-area municipal alliance for growth services. The members of this alliance would be the cities of the Helsinki Metropolitan Area. Other municipalities of the Uusimaa region would be able to join the alliance if they so decided. Non-member municipalities would be entitled to participate in decision-making in matters affecting them.The mayors argue for the proposal with the differing conditions in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area and Uusimaa from the rest of the country. Matters related to immigration and the labour market speak in favour of the independent solution. The share of immigrants in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area population is multiple compared with the rest of the country.The model based on one actor responsible for organizing services would be administratively straightforward, and it would enable the coordination of the services effectively and in a customer-oriented manner.The mayors propose that further preparation should be begun without delay on the basis of the independent solution and the municipal-alliance model. This would require cooperation among various governmental and Uusimaa actors. The mayors proposal will be discussed by the city boards of Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Kauniainen in the next few weeks.Helsinki Metropolitan Area and Region
Chinese New Year Festival will be celebrated at Keskuskatu 27th of January!Chinese New Year outdoor event presents dancing lions and dragons and exciting performances by Finnish and Chinese artist groups. Welcome to explore the Chinese market and try out New Years delicacies!The cities of Helsinki and Beijing warmly welcome you to celebrate the Year of the Rooster!3:30 pm
Parade from Narinkkatori to Keskuskatu
4:00 PM
Joyful Fan Dance - Moomin Songs from China - Lion Dance
4:45 PM
Bamboo Clappers - Spirit of Kung Fu -performance - Song Yue & Feng Daishan: Huan Qin - Taipinggu Dance
5:30 PM
Colors of China Dance - Taiji Performance - Lion Dance - Dragon Dance
6:00 PM
New Year begins! - New Years Speeches - Taipinggu Dance
6:30 PM
Moomin Songs from China - Shaolin Warriors Performance
6:45 PM
Joyful Fan Dance - Dragon Dance - Liu Yining: Wo ai ni, saibei de xue
7:15 PM
Colors of China Dance - Lion Dance - Clash of Wild Animals - Bamboo Clappers
7:45 PM
Dragon Dance - Taipinggu Dance
8:20 PM
Grand fireworks over Tlnlahti sponsored by FinnairRead more:Chinese New Year in Helsinki
Helsinkis popular bike-share programme will continue and expand in 2017 with revised fees. Registration fees will be the same as in 2016, but additional fees for bike use exceeding 30 minutes will be simplified.The bike-share programme registration fees are 25 euros for the entire season, 10 euros for a week and 5 euros for a day. The registration fees entitle users to an unlimited number of rides during the registration period. The first 30 minutes of a ride are free. After the first 30 minutes, additional fees are charged for each 30 minutes.The additional fees are the same for each 30 minutes irrespective of the total length of use, that is, 1 euro in 2016, the additional fees increased with the length of use. As a result, a 5-hour ride costs 9 euros, as opposed to 14.5 euros in 2016. Bikes can be used for up to 5 hours at time.The 30-minute time limit for free use encourages users to return bikes to docking stations, so a maximum number of bikes remain in circulation serving the maximum number of customers.The 2017 bike-share programme will be three times larger than in 2016, and the number of docking places will be equally larger, so customers will be served better than before for the same registration fee.The Helsinki bike-share programme City Bikes has been received exceptionally well. Feedback was highly positive and user numbers exceeded expectations in 2016. The expansion of the network in the spring of 2017 will further improve the Helsinki public transport system. For example, bike share can be used for the last legs of journeys. Registration for the 2017 season begins in April 2017.
Read more:City Bikes bike-share programmeCycling in Helsinki
There will be disruption to tram routes 6T and 9 to the West Harbour due to tramway construction. The diversions will be in place from Monday 23 January to Thursday 26 January.Tram 6T will run to Hietalahti under route number 6. Tram 9 will run to the Saukonpaasi terminus of tram 8 in Jtksaari.Bus 9X will run from Ruoholahti Metro Station to Jtksaari. The bus will leave from the stop of tram 8 next to the Metro Station (Ruoholahti(M), H0214) and run along Itmerenkatu, Lnsisatamankatu and Tyynenmerenkatu to the West Terminal (Lnsiterminaali). The bus will operate the same timetable as tram route 9. At theWest Harbour, the bus will leave from the front of the main entrance to the terminal. In the direction of Ruoholahti, the bus will serve the Huutokonttori stop on Tyynenmerenkatu. In the direction of Jtksaari, the bus will not serve any stops on Tyynenmerenkatu.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport
Bus transport in the Helsinki region will start a new chapter when the first all-electric bus goes into service on 23 January. The bus supplied by electric bus manufacturer Linkker will operate on line 23, which runs between Ruskeasuo and Railway Station Square.Helsinki Region Transport (HSL) will expand its fleet with four Linkker buses during the winter season. At first, the bus on line 23 will be charged at the Orton Foundation (Invalidisti) charging station, located at the lines final stop in Ruskeasuo, but a new charging station is under construction at Railway Station Square. Another new charging station is under construction in Koskela for line 55. Charging stations for line 51 should go under construction in the spring of 2017 at the final stops in Hakaniemi and Malminkartano.The Linkker buses will be Finlands first electric buses that are automatically fast charged. Helsinki Region Transport plans to bring 12 of them into service in the region by the end of the current year.Helsinki Region Transport is a key player in Helsinkis efforts to become a global forerunner in climate action and smart mobility, says Helsinki Mayor Jussi Pajunen. Helsinkis ambitious public transport goal with electric buses plays a key role in achieving our vision for a carbon neutral future.The Linkker buses are part of the ePeli project, which originated from the 2014 eBus project of the Electric Commercial Vehicles (ECV) network. The eBus project was coordinated by VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland and supported by TEKES, the Finnish Funding Agency for Innovation. Helsinki Region Transport partners in the ePeli project with Helsinki City Transport, which builds the fast charging stations in Helsinki, Helsingin Bussiliikenne Oy, which operates line 23, and others.
Read more:Linkker: Electric bus manufacturer selling a green public transport conceptLinkkerHSL
Espoo residents will be able to try out the city bike service in summer 2017. A city bike pilot will take place in an area around Matinkyl-Olari. There will be 100 city bikes and ten bike stations.The city bike registration and season pass will cover also Espoo, i.e. customers will be able to use the bikes in Helsinki as well as Espoo. Photo: Lauri Eriksson / HSLThe Helsinki city bike scheme was launched in 2016 and the service will now expand to Espoo on an experimental basis.The ten city bike stations to be set up in Espoo will be borrowed from Helsinki, were the city bike network is expanding. The bike docks will be returned to Helsinki for the 2018 season. The city bike registration and season pass will cover also Espoo, i.e. customers will be able to use the bikes in Helsinki as well as Espoo.We received an exceptional amount of positive feedback about the city bike scheme in Helsinki and the numbers of users exceeded all expectations. Now HKL wants to offer the city of Espoo an easy way to test a similar service to facilitate residents everyday travel at the same time as the service is expanding in Helsinki, says HKL's Managing Director Ville Lehmuskoski.Read more: Helsinki Regional Transport
The Baltic Sea is one of the most heavily trafficked seas in the world and the Port of Helsinki is a busy place. When a large cruise liner arrives there is a lot of activity, not only are the usual charter buses there to welcome the passengers for a tour to town. Trucks in different shapes and sizes arrive to take care of different types of waste while a hose is connected to the vessel to receive the wastewater into the ports sewer.The fact is that passenger traffic produces a lot of wastewater. There are however passenger carriers and cruise liners who act responsibly and who have already for many years discharged their wastewater into the port facilities and not into the sea.The Port of Helsinki has built infrastructure to efficiently receive the wastewater in the port. In addition the Port has introduced incentives to encourage vessels to increase their use of these facilities and get rid of their wastewater in an environmentally friendly way. Since 2008 the Port of Helsinki does not charge any additional fee on top of the harbour charge for receiving the wastewater. In 2016 an additional benefit was introduced and vessels get a 20 percent discount on the fee for solid waste when they discharge their wastewater.The Port of Helsinki is committed to the Baltic Sea ChallengeThe Baltic Sea Challenge is a network launched by the Cities of Helsinki and Turku in 2007 with the aim to foster concrete actions of its members to achieve a healthier Baltic Sea. It is easy for an organization to join the challenge. This is because it is the joining organization itself that decides what measures it will commit itself to in order to protect the environment. More than 240 organizations have joined the challenge.This video will show you examples of vessels acting responsibly and how wastewater and waste is handled in the Port of Helsinki. The video has been published on Helsinkikanava.Watch video on HelsinkikanavaThe Baltic Sea ChallengePort of Helsinki
Helsinki Region Transport HSL interviewed passengers at the ports in Helsinki, asking how did they travel to the port. Over half of the respondents whose place of departure was within the city told they traveled by tram. Tram was the most common mode of transport on journeys originating in Helsinki both as the main mode of transport, i.e. the mode used for the longest leg of the journey, and as the last mode of transport, i.e. the mode by which passengers arrive at the port.If all journeys to the ports are considered regardless of the place of departure, trams were the second most common last mode of transport, with a share of just under one third of journeys. The most common last mode of transport was car, with over 40 per cent of respondents having arrived at the port by car.Mostly car was used by those traveling from outside the capital region, but also half of passengers from Espoo, Vantaa and Kauniainen traveled by car.Respondents whose main mode of transport was bus, train, tram or Metro, were mostly from central Helsinki or areas along the main or coastal rail lines.The second most popular main mode of transport was bus, used by 17 per cent of all respondents. Train was the main mode of transport for 11 per cent of respondents, the tram for another 11 per cent. Respondents were roughly divided into those who made the whole journey by public transport and those who did not use public transport at all. In other words, relatively few respondents combined car and public transport.Read more:HSL
In early 2016, there were 89,878 people with foreign background living in Helsinki. Foreign background refers to people both of whose parents or the only parent known have been born abroad. Of those with foreign background 83 per cent had been born abroad and 17 per cent in Finland. Slightly more than half of them had a European background, almost one-quarter an Asian and almost one-fifth an African background. In early 2016, those residents with foreign background made up 14.3 per cent of Helsinkis population. These data are from a fresh publication from Helsinki City Urban Facts Office.In Finland, the population is also recorded statistically with regard to their mother tongue, and in early 2016, there were 88,132 people with a foreign mother tongue (other than Finnish, Swedish or Sami) living in Helsinki, making up 14 per cent of the citys population. The most common foreign mother tongues are Russian, Estonian, Somali and English.Residents with a Middle East or North African mother tongue are increasingBy 2030, the number of Helsinki residents with a foreign mother tongue is forecast to reach 164,000  170,000, which would be about 23 per cent of the population. Those with a Middle East of North African mother tongue would then be the largest group of people with a foreign mother tongue.In 2015, the international net migration gain from people with a foreign mother tongue amounted to 3,563 in Helsinki, which is roughly as many as a year earlier. Those with a foreign mother tongue move to Helsinki from abroad, but also from other parts of Finland. Within the Helsinki Region, their migration flows as a whole go from Helsinki outwards to the rest of the region.Largest number of foreign mother tongue speakers in the Eastern Major DistrictIn early 2016, over one-quarter of those people in Helsinki who had a foreign mother tongue lived in the Eastern Major District, where their share of the population was 22.6 per cent. The North-Eastern, Western and Eastern major districts together were home to over 70 per cent of the largest foreign language groups, i.e. those whose mother tongue was Russian, Estonian or Somali. Those whose mother tongue was English most commonly lived in the Southern Major District.In November 2016, the unemployment rate among foreign nationals in Helsinki was 26.1 per cent. Unemployed foreign nationals then amounted to 7,425, which was almost one-fifth of all jobless in the city. The employment situation of foreign-background residents varies greatly depending on their country of origin.Theme website on foreign-background residents in HelsinkiIn October 2016, Helsinki City Urban Facts Office opened a website presenting data on foreign-background residents in the capital. It presents statistics on people who have a foreign mother tongue, a foreign citizenship or who have foreign background, namely their population structure and population projection, migration, housing, education and employment. These facts and figures are updated continuously as new data become available. The publication now appearing is based on data from the website.Inquiries:Project Researcher Aino Hiekkavuo, +358 9 310 36517, aino.hiekkavuo(at)hel.fiPublication:Foreigners in Helsinki 2016, City of Helsinki Urban Facts Statistics 2017:2, to the pdf publication.The link to the website on people with a foreign background in Helsinki: www.ulkomaalaistaustaisethelsingissa.fi.
From 10 January 2017 you will be able to book an appointment with a child welfare officer online.
   You can also cancel or move an appointment using the online appointment booking service. You can log into the online appointment booking service using your online banking codes, mobile certificate, or certificate card.Appointment reminders can be sent by text message.The online appointment booking service will initially only be available in Finnish. To use the service you will need a Finnish social security number. If you require an interpreter to be present at the appointment, please book the appointment by phone.
   Helsinkis e-services telephone advice service can provide help if necessary, and is available MonFri 8am6pm at 09 3108 8800.You can still book an appointment with a child welfare officer by phone, by calling 09 310 44999 MonFri 911am. The customer advice service can be contacted by calling 09 310 43447 MonFri 911am.Online booking (in Finnish):Paternity matters
Agreements concerning the childChild welfare officers can assist with matters including
    establishing the identity of a child born outside of marriage (under certain conditions paternity can also be established at maternity and child health clinics),
    assisting parents in drawing up agreements concerning caring for the child, housing, ac-cess rights and child support, as well as reinforcing these agreements.The online appointment booking service will initially be available as a trial. You can give feedback on the online service.
The Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra has launched a new music project entitled Helsinki Variations to mark the centenary of Finnish independence. Six Finnish composers have been invited to produce new compositions that will be performed by the orchestra between 2019 and 2022 as follows:Autumn 2019: Lotta Wennkoski
Spring 2020: Kimmo Hakola
Autumn 2020: Antti Auvinen
Spring 2021: Matthew Whittall
Autumn 2021: Seppo Pohjola
Spring 2022: Sampo HaapamkiEach of the composers has been invited to compose a variation on any piece of Finnish music composed before 1945. The variations may not exceed 15 minutes in duration and must orchestral pieces without solo performances.Already this year the orchestras programme includes the premieres of two works by Jukka Tiensuu and Veli-Matti Puumala commissioned especially for the Finland 100 centenary year. By commissioning new Finnish music and premiering these Helsinki Variations, the orchestra will continue to celebrate Finnish independence even after the end of the official Finland 100 programme, says Susanna Mlkki, Chief Conductor of the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra.More information:The Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra
Emissions to air from transport and traffic weaken air quality and cause health risks especially in Helsinkis busy street canyons. Although the popularity of congestion charges has dropped in Helsinki, according to a recent poll by Helsingin Sanomat, they would be the most effective method to improve air quality in the city.The EU-defined annual upper limit for nitrogen oxide in air is exceeded in Helsinkis busy street canyons because of traffic. Poor air quality is the single biggest environmental health risk. Long-term exposure increases respiratory and cardiovascular diseases and deaths. Children, people suffering from asthma and elderly people with cardiovascular diseases are especially vulnerable.Congestion charges have been found to be the most effective way to steer mobility towards more sustainable forms of transport, that is, walking, cycling and public transport. Congestion charges would reduce hazards related to air quality, as well as noise, greenhouse gas emissions and congestion, says Esa Nikula, Director of the City of Helsinki Environment Centre.Nikunen refers to the recent debate on congestion charges in the media. According to the Helsingin Sanomat poll, the popularity of the charges has declined among residents. However, they are proven to be the best way to reduce traffic-related micro-particle and carbon-dioxide emissions.Congestion charges widely applied in EuropeCongestion charges have reduced traffic volumes by 20 percent in Stockholm, and this has clearly reduced air pollution. Stockholm estimates that congestion charges prevent 2530 premature deaths in the city annually. The majority of Stockholm residents today favour congestion charges.Congestion charges and their impacts have been studied in several other European cities. VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland states that congestion charges have helped to reduce traffic volumes by 1130 percent in many European cities and by 27 percent in London.Helsinki Region Transport published a report on vehicle traffic charges in the spring of 2016. According to this report, congestion charges based on charging zones would reduce traffic volumes by 58 percent in the region and by 1018 percent in the inner city depending on charge amounts. Environmental hazards from traffic would be reduced and use of sustainable transport modes would grow.Congestion charge preparation will be continued in a collaborative process between the regions municipalities and the Finnish Government on the principle of using the funds to develop the regional transport system.Environmental benefitsCongestion charges would also help to mitigate climate change.According to an emissions reduction survey conducted by the City of Helsinki, transport and traffic carry the greatest potential for emissions cuts. Emissions could be reduced effectively by such financial means as congestion charges, Nikunen points out.Read more:Helsinkis 30-percent emissions reduction target: a report in Finnish with an English summary.
Helsinki City Rescue Departments Rescue School now accepts applications to the first responder programme. The total number of students admitted to this degree programme is 15. The students are trained as safety experts qualified for demanding tasks in accident and emergency prevention, preparedness, civic defence, rescue operations and medical first response in Helsinki.The degree programme begins in September 2017 and ends in autumn 2019. The degree consists of a rescue diploma and a first-level medical response diploma. Once qualified as firefighters and medical first responders, the graduates become employees of Helsinki City Rescue Department in accordance with anticipated personnel needs.The programme accepts applicants who meet the formal requirements for admittance. Their qualifications for the degree studies and future duties are assessed with the help of physical and psychological aptitude tests. Success in firefighting and medical first response duties requires multiple skills to operate in wide-ranging and demanding assignments, both as members of supervised teams and independently and creatively. Rescue and medical first response operations require especially social skills and empathy.Helsinki Rescue Schools first responder programme has regularly received a large number of highly qualified applicants. However, applicants have been quite homogenous in terms of their origins. As a result, Helsinki City Rescue Department encourages applicants of multicultural origins and women to apply. As the Helsinki population becomes increasingly multicultural, the city needs to employ staff that reflects this multiculturalism and possesses diverse cultural skills, in order to serve citizens as well as possible.Applications accompanied by all required attachments must be delivered by 15:45 on 1 February 2017.Instructions for application and the application form (in Finnish):Read more:Helsinki Rescue SchoolHelsinki City Rescue Department
Support for informal care (family care) will be renewed in Helsinki from February 2017 onwards. In the future, there will be three care categories (payment categories) in support for informal care, in addition to which the eligibility criteria for support will also change. Carers who have made an informal care agreement will also be guaranteed two or three days of leave per month, while the options for arranging leave will also be developed.Support for informal care consists of the services provided to you, the informal care allowance and the carer's leave.Client families will receive a letter about the reform after which a social care worker from support for informal care will the families and evaluate the situation.The new care allowances, which are based on the intensity of care, are EUR 1,500, 750 and 392 per month. Informal care receivers will be provided with new decisions on care allowance during 2017. Until the new decision is issued, the payment of informal care allowance will continue in accordance with the client's current decision.The changes are based on the amended Act on Support for Informal Care (1 July 2016), which standardises municipalities' informal care criteria and practices, and ensures that every carer is entitled to two or three days of leave per month, for example.As a result of the legislative changes, Helsinki will be increasing the support it provides for informal care by 8.5 billion euros from last year. However, support for informal care will also be discontinued for some current care receivers. In these cases, the possibilities for receiving other forms of support will be reviewed. At present about 4000 families yearly receive the support for informal care.Carers perform valuable work, and informal care provides many disabled and elderly residents of Helsinki with the chance to continue living in their own home.For more information, please contact your informal care social care worker and visit the website (in Finnish). There is a virtual health check and coaching in English and information on various online coaching programmes.Additional information is also available at informal care activity centres. They provide informal carers and care receivers with various services and peer support.Activity centres of informal care
The Regional State Administrative Agencies of Finland granted the City of Helsinki a permit on 5 January 2017 to build two of Kruunusillat  the Crown Bridges  between Nihti and Kruunuvuorenranta, to dredge and fill the local sea area, and to build the necessary structures on shores.The Finkensilta bridge connecting Nihti (in Sompasaari) and the Korkeasaari island (home of Helsinki Zoo) will be a beam bridge constructed of reinforced concrete and supported by eight piers. The span will be about 300 metres. The Kruunuvuorensilta bridge connecting the Korkeasaari island and the Kruunuvuorenranta area in Laajasalo will be a single-pylon, cable-stayed bridge spanning about 1.2 kilometres.Construction in accordance with the environmental permit can be commenced once the detailed plan of the area is legally binding.The Crown Bridges project will give the growing district of Laajasalo in eastern Helsinki a smooth public transport connection to the city centre. The bridges will serve trams, cyclists and pedestrians but no cars. The project involves 10 kilometres of trams lines, a cycling connection, pedestrian paths and plazas.The project will improve connections in the entire Helsinki region, as it will form an integral part of the regions public transit rail network and cycling network.The most visible part of the Crown Bridges project will consist of three new bridges, the longest one of which, the Kruunuvuorensilta bridge, will be the longest bridge in Finland.Read more:City Council approved Crown Bridges projectKruunuvuorenranta
Next June, entrepreneurs from all over the continent are coming to Helsinki to compete for the title of best start up company. Enterprise Challenge 2017 is a two day event in Helsinki 28th-29th June 2017 organized by the non-profit organizations Junior Achievement Finland and its umbrella organization Junior Achievement Europe.
The participants are college students from all over Europe who have during the school year brainstormed, founded and managed their own student companies as a part of their studies. The participants come from 18 different countries.
JA Start Up is a learning program for entrepreneurship and business and innovation skills developed by JA Europe. In Finland, the program is coordinated by Junior Achievement Finland (JA Finland). In the program, the students form a student company based on their business idea. The company acts as a platform for the students to test their ideas with real customers paying with real money while learning by doing.
The best companies from each country are chosen by the national finals in each country. The best companies in Europe are selected by a jury of experienced business professionals who will follow the competing companies up close in Helsinki for two days in for example a trade fair in downtown Helsinki.
The representatives from Finland will be chosen in the Uskalla Yritt final competition in Helsinki on 20th April 2017.The JA Start Up program is used by 20 different higher education institutions in Finland.Read more
nuoriyrittajyys
Some 20 deep-collection waste containers  that is, large waste containers placed partially underground  and two smart waste containers were burned in Helsinki in connection of the New Year activities. The cost incurred by the city for the repair and replacement can amount to 80,000120,000 euros.
The inner linings of deep-collection waste containers are made out of plastics and glass fibre, so they are damaged beyond use when exposed to fire. Fire destroys the expensive electronics of smart waste containers.
Smart waste containers have been in experimental use in Helsinki. Equipped with solar powered waste compactors, these containers can hold up to seven times as much waste as conventional waste containers. They do not need frequent emptying, which reduces the amount of taxpayer money used for waste management. The continuation or expansion of the smart waste container experiment may have to be reconsidered, when the expensive electronic systems are burned.
The total damage and the cost of repair and replacement will be known in late February. The cost can be as much as 120,000 euros if waste containers must be replaced. The cost of damage to waste containers on New Year 2016 was about 100,000 euros.
Due to wintry conditions, it is possible that the damaged deep-collection waste containers may not be repaired before warmer weather. The openings of the damaged containers are covered. Residents are requested to use other local waste containers.
Crime reports should be filed with the police if vandalism to waste containers is suspected.
All burning waste or hot waste, both in winter and in summer, must be properly extinguished or placed next to waste containers on fire-resistant surfaces.
HAM achieved its all-time visitor record in 2016 The exhibitions at the Tennis Palace and additional programmes attracted more than 253 000 visitors. The absolute favourite in 2016 was the exhibition In Infinity by Yayoi Kusama, which drew more than 154 000 visitors in three months at the Tennis Palace. It is the first retrospective of Kusamas work in the Nordic countries and will be open until 22 January 2017.
Other popular exhibitions were Ai Weiwei at the beginning of the year and From Heino with Love, which was the first extensive presentation of the Heino Art Foundations collection. Additional programmes were also popular. During 2016, we organised almost 300 workshops and 600 exhibition tours.
A total of sixteen exhibitions were organised at the Tennis Palace in 2016. Visitors with free admission accounted for 46 procent and holders of the Finnish Museums Associations museum card for 23 procent of the total visitors. More information about the visitors will be available as soon as a visitor survey that was conducted in December is completed.In addition to its extensive exhibition programme, HAM is also active in the field of public art. In accordance with the percentage financing principle, 10 works of art were completed for public buildings and major parks. The most visible of these include Villu Jaanisoos Kuukkeli in the Kalasatama district and Antti Laitinens Armour in Tlnlahti Park. HAM also produced two temporary works in Helsinki. Yayoi Kusamas installations delighted people during summer in Esplanadi Park and the Helsinki Winter Garden.The previous record was in 2001 when alltogether 203,000 art lovers visited exhibitions at the Tennis Palace, the Meilahti Art Museum and Kluuvi Gallery.
Read more
HAM
Upcoming exhibitions
The 9th annual Lux Helsinki light festival organised by the City of Helsinki will take place from Thursday to Monday, 5 to 9 January 2017. The festival will be accompanied by the Lux In light art exhibition at Cable Factory from 1 to 10 January. The focal point of the festival will be Helsinki Cathedral, which will be illuminated on all four sides.Lux Helsinki will illuminate historical buildings and dark courtyards, leading festival-goers to the idyllic quarters of the Kruununhaka district. The new route starts from the Market Square and follows Mariankatu into Kruununhaka, the courtyard of the University of Helsinkis Topelia building and the courtyard of the National Library before returning to the Market Square.Watch the video of the route:More about the new route at Luxhelsinki.fi.Lux Helsinki demonstrated its appeal at the start of this year, when a record number of people viewed the light installations despite the freezing conditions. Lux Helsinki is a free-of-charge event that is suitable for the whole family. The light installations can be seen daily between 5pm and 10pm.The new route for Lux Helsinki in 2017 leads visitors through the historical quarters of Helsinki, from the Market Square to the Kruununhaka district. The compact route makes it possible to enjoy restaurants, cafs and urban culture alongside the light installations. The complete festival programme and restaurant offerings will be published in December.The main Lux Helsinki route once again takes festival-goers to places they perhaps would not normally go to on a daily basis. The enormous success that the festival has enjoyed in recent years combined with a growing number of partners have made it possible for us to improve the already interesting content in a variety of ways. The positive benefits of light during the darkest time of the year are well known, and we want to offer this possibility by means of spectacular light art, says Ilkka Paloniemi, Artistic Director of Lux Helsinki.The Lux In light art exhibition will be held for the second time at Kaapelitehdas, presenting a wide spectrum of art by established artists and students from the Lighting Design masters degree programme of the University of the Arts Helsinki. The exhibition will also feature lanterns from the traditional Lantern Park installation.The Lux In light art exhibition responds to feedback from festival-goers by extending the duration of the event to span ten days. The artists and installations will be announced in December. The exhibition will be open from Sunday to Tuesday, 1 to 10 January 2017, at Cable Factory (Merikaapelihalli). Admission to the exhibition is free of charge.The Lux Helsinki light festival is organised by the City of Helsinki. Lux Helsinki is part of the official Finland 100 centenary programme in 2017.More on the subject
www.luxhelsinki.fi
Social media: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and #luxhelsinki
1. When will my home street be plowed?Many residential streets often have to wait for the snowplow, because snow is removed according to the streets maintenance category.The classification of streets into maintenance categories means that the main streets and streets used by public transport are prioritized, and residential streets are plowed only after them.During heavy and extended snowfall, the main streets and streets used by public transport need to be plowed constantly, which delays the plowing of residential streets.Residential streets are normally plowed no later than three days after the end of snowfall.Street maintenance categoriesStara snowplows on the map2. What is the basis of street maintenance categories, and can the classification be changed?Street maintenance categories divide streets into main streets, local streets and local collector streets, and residential streets. The main streets are in Maintenance Category 1. Collector streets are in Maintenance Category 2. Streets used by buses and other forms of public transport are in Maintenance Categories 1 and 2. Residential streets are in Maintenance Category 3.Street maintenance categories are defined in detailed city plans, so changes to maintenance categories are made rarely. The most common reason to change a streets maintenance category is changes in public transport routes. Otherwise street maintenance categories are usually not changed.
3. Who is responsible for snow removal?Responsibilities for snow removal are divided between the City and property managers. The City is responsible for clearing roadways, but property managers are responsible for the removal of snow to snow dumping sites and for the plowing and gritting of sidewalks at their properties.The responsibilities have been changed in suburbs, Etu-Tl, Pasila, Toukola, Kumpula and Vanhakaupunki: here the City is responsible for all winter street maintenance, with the exception of clearing the entries to driveways after snow plowing, which remains the responsibility of property managers.Nevertheless, property managers do not have to clear the entries to driveways after the removal of packed snow and ice, and this done by the City.Responsibilities on a map (areas where the City handles all winter maintenance marked in blue)Snow dumping sitesRead more about property managers responsibilitiesStreet maintenance in Helsinki is organized by the City of Helsinki Public Works Department, which plans, commissions and supervises most snow removal in the Citys responsibility. Stara is an in-house City service provider, which also handles snow removal in addition to private contractors.4. Why is snow taken away and not allowed to melt in place?There are many reasons to remove snow:5. Why is snow taken away at night?Snow trucks cause the least disruption to traffic at night, and the snow removal equipment does not block, for example, trams at night. Unnecessary noise will naturally be avoided.6. When will snow piles on my street me removed?Mounds of snow left behind by snowplows will be removed or lowered at the latest when they narrow passages on streets so much that they hamper the use of roadways and compromise safety, or the height of the mounds prevents adequate visibility at junctions or near pedestrian crossings.
If necessary, parking spaces can be used to store snow, provided that not all parking spaces on one street are so used.7. Why is there a mound of snow plowed to the entrance to my home? Who will remove it?As roadways are plowed, snow is packed on sidewalks and unavoidably also on entrances to properties. Snowplow drivers can turn their plows to some extent at entrances to properties to minimize the piling of snow, but mounds cannot be avoided altogether.The law requires that property managers handle the winter maintenance of their passages, which also concerns mounds of snow plowed onto entrances to properties.
An exception to the rule is removal of packed snow and ice from roadways. The removal of the resulting heavy mounds of ice is the responsibility of the City. Such mounds of ice are removed as quickly as possible but can take a few hours.8. Where can I take leaves from my yard in the autumn? How about snow?Leaves and other gardening waste can be composted or taken to Sortti waste stations. Larger amounts (dumpsters and truck loads) can be delivered to the mmnsuo waste processing centre.
Waste from properties shall not be placed in street areas for removal by the City. The removal of leaves and other waste from street areas is the responsibility of property managers in areas covered by the inner-city maintenance law.Snow from yards and passages to properties can only be taken to the official City snow dumping sites. Snow shall not be placed in street areas for removal by the City.
However, snow can be placed in a street area for a short while if the property manager has ordered removal.
More information about Sortti StationsSnow dumping sitesRead more about property managers responsibilities9. Where can I park when streets are full of snow or parking is restricted?Parking must be restricted during the winter for street maintenance and in order to keep traffic flowing. There are different kinds of arrangements. On some streets, parking is moved from next to the sidewalk to the other side of the street in order that the sidewalk can be plowed more easily. In alternate side parking, parking is allowed only on one side of the street, and parking is moved to the other side on a certain day. Parking restrictions are also used, some of which only apply during the daytime to allow for street cleaning.All wintertime traffic arrangements are announced with traffic signs or with signs to move cars.A sign to move cars is posted in order that a contractor can remove snow from the street. A sign to move cars can be posted on any street. If a car has been parked on a street after a sign to move cars was posted, the cost to move the car is charged to the car owner. The charge is at least 85 euros.Advance information about car moving is available on the internet and with free-of-charge text messages:Streets where cars are to be moved for street maintenanceThere may be delays to the scheduled street maintenance announced in the service because of, for example, difficult weather conditions.It should be noted that a resident parking permit does not guarantee a free parking space near your residence either in summer or winter. Naturally the number of parking spaces is reduced during periods of snow.As a response to shortages in parking, the City may convert squares and other areas into temporary parking lots. Such arrangements are announced with traffic signs and on this webpage.If residents do not use their cars in winter, they can take the cars to the City-maintained car hotel in Tattarisuo for the winter season. A car can be placed in the Tattarisuo car hotel free of charge if the owner holds a resident parking permit for the car. The car hotel area is fenced and has security.Car hotel10. How do requests to move cars work?Snow cannot be removed from streets if parked cars are not moved to allow for plowing. Streets to be plowed are announced with signs posted on the streets no later than two days (48 hours) before the beginning of the work.If a car owner fails to move the car for plowing, the car will be moved by the City, which charges the cost to the car owner. There is no charge for the move if the car was parked on the street before the request to move cars was announced.
Streets where cars are to be moved for street maintenanceStreet maintenance plans sent as text messages to mobile phonesThe text message service is free of charge, except for the subscription for the service and termination of service, which both cost 16 cents. There may be delays to the scheduled street maintenance announced in the service because of, for example, difficult weather conditions.11. When are pedestrian and cycling paths maintained?Pedestrian and cycling paths are classified into three categories  A, B and C. Category A paths are the busiest pedestrian and cycling paths on the main roads. Category B paths are those on public transport routes, and category C paths are those on residential streets. The goal is to maintain category A paths by 7 a.m. on the following morning, category B paths by 10 a.m. and category C paths by 12 noon. However, snow fallen in the night or on the morning causes delays to the target deadlines.12. How are cycling paths maintained in winter?Slipperiness is prevented on all cycling paths mainly by gritting. If necessary, de-icing salts can also be used, but de-icing is far more expensive than gritting. Cycling lanes on roadways are maintained in the same manner as the other lanes. The method for cycling path maintenance is chosen by the contractor based on City-defined quality requirements.Other methods than gritting are tested between Ruoholahti and Oulunkyl.Main cycling paths serving commuters, prioritized for maintenance
13. Could cycling paths be brushed instead of gritted?Brushing is tested during the winter of 2016. Brushing is common in Central Europe, and it can be used especially when there is little snow. Helsinki often receives larger amounts of snow, so brushing is not possible. For brushing, the cycling path should first be plowed and the snow taken away. For brushing to be successful, the snow cover should be less than 5 cm. According to the current City quality requirements, maintenance operations are only started after the snow cover reaches 5 cm.14. Could cycling path surfaces be made rougher to replace gritting?The snow cover of cycling path surfaces can be made rougher with a plow or a plate to turn it less slippery. This requires sufficient snow otherwise the operation could break the asphalt.Often the roughing operation is not enough to prevent slipperiness, and gritting is also used. If there is a need to prevent slipperiness but there is no need to plow, gritting is faster than turning the surface rougher, so gritting is more efficient for fast slipperiness prevention.15. What gritting material is used in Helsinki?Some Finnish cities use natural sand with round grains rather than crushed stone for gritting. Helsinki uses crushed stone (1/5.6 mm) because it prevents slipperiness for pedestrians better than sand owing to its better friction properties than those of round grains of sand.16. What is the winter cycling test route (2015-2016)?Two new winter maintenance methods are tested in Helsinki during the winter of 2015-2016. A new type of slipperiness prevention material named Granlux is tested on the route Baana  the western side of the Tl Bay  Helsinginkatu. Brushing and de-icing are tested on the route that runs along the main rail line from Helsinginkatu through Pasila and Kpyl to Oulunkyl. The tests are used to gather information on the costs and quality of the methods.The quality assessment will be based on feedback from cyclists, which will be gathered in cooperation with the Helsinki Cyclists association (Helsingin polkupyrilijt ry).17. How can I give feedback?Much of our time is spent on responding to feedback from customers. Because we often receive feedback on the same things, we have compiled some of the most frequently asked questions and answers to be available to all customers.Before sending your feedback, please read the questions and answers.We request that all feedback should be well-grounded in order that excessive feedback does not bury the most urgent matters such as questions concerning hospitals, daycare centres and elderly centres as well as snow piles blocking views at pedestrian crossings.Feedback and customer service
The centenary of Finnish independence in 2017 is seen in the exhibitions held in Helsinki during the year.HAM Helsinki Art MuseumThe art museum emphasizes Finnish art during 2017. The programme features extensive collaborative projects and Finnish contemporary art, and HAM presents some of the art history research related to the museums collection.HAMs year peaks with Modern Life! This major exhibition organized collaboratively by five Finnish museums portrays Finnish modernism and its national and international success stories in the years 19171968. The exhibition combines architecture, design, photography and visual arts in an enticing manner. At the same time, the exhibition shows how modernism in all of its manifestations affected Finnish society and art. HAM produces the exhibition in collaboration with the Alvar Aalto Foundation, the Museum of Finnish Architecture, Design Museum and the Finnish Museum of Photography. Modern Life! is part of the official Finland 100 centenary programme.The exhibition will be held at HAM Tennis Palace. The design of the galleries creates an outstanding backdrop for this novel and exquisite interpretation of modernism. The functionalist Tennis Palace building is a prime example of Finnish modernism. Read moreHelsinki City MuseumHelsinki City Museum is the only museum in the world that focuses on Helsinki. The central themes of the museum are the personal experiences of the citizens of Helsinki and the everyday life in the city, which are illustrated by the items on exhibit and by photographs. Admission is always free for everybody. Read moreAteneum Art MuseumThe artist brothersMagnus, WilhelmandFerdinand von Wright, who lived during the period of the Grand Duchy of Finland, are known as painters of landscapes, still lifes and nature subjects, and as scientific illustrators. This exhibition introduces new perspectives as it explores the historical significance of the von Wright brothers for Finnish art, culture and science. The exhibition opens on 27 October.Light Changes Everything  the Tuomo Seppo collection  and an exhibition of Tuulikki Pietil, one of Finlands key graphic artists, open on 28 February, to be followed in May by Alvar Aaltos art and modern form. Read moreKunsthalle Helsinki  TaidehalliThe rugged beauty of Nordic nature sets itself in the Kunsthalle in the form of ceramics installations: an exhibition of Anu Pentik starts a new chapter in the lengthy career of the artist, opening in March.Read moreDesign MuseumIn the honour of the centenary of Finnish independence, Design Museum will present a completely new collections exhibition. This exhibition, opening on 28 January, presents the integral role of design in the evolution of the Finnish welfare state.100 Objects from Finland, to open at the end of March, presents one object from each year of independence.The centenary year will close with California: a touring exhibition from the Design Museum, London, presents design from the U.S. West Coast and the regions powerful effect on the global design culture. Read moreMuseum of Finnish ArchitectureThe museum will launch its centenary programme with a special exhibition tracing the birth of modern Finland through an extensive selection of 200 architectural drawings. Read moreDidrichsen Art MuseumDidrichsen Art Museum will present three remarkable Finnish artists in 2017: Juho Rissanen, Jukka Rintala and Osmo Rauhala. Three exhibitions, each dedicated to one of the artists, present varied viewpoints to Finnish art, ranging from the early 20th century visual art to fashion to recent contemporary art. Read moreSinebrychoff Art MuseumDutch painter Caesar van Everdingen was a contemporary of Rembrandt and the most notable classical painter of his time. This exhibition features striking historical scenes, handsome portraits of the bourgeoisie and sensual images inspired by the ancient world, amongst other from the Rijksmuseum and Mauritshuis collections.Read moreThe Finnish Museum of PhotographyFood encompasses great global paradoxes. The Festival of Political Photography 2017 highlights issues where food meets global politics, the economy, the environment and ethics. The exhibition opens in February. Read moreRead more:Exhibitions in HelsinkiSuomi - Finland 100 - Helsinki participatesSuomi Finland 100
The maintenance area of Finlandia Hall received a truckload of solar panels as the day was breaking on 20 December 2016. The last days of the year saw 180 solar panels installed on the roof of the building. With the panels, electricity purchases for the hall can be cut by 25 percent during some hours of summer days.The panels are expected to produce 23 percent of Finlandia Halls annual electricity consumption. This corresponds to the annual electricity use of 78 single-family houses with district heating.The ongoing project is in line with the City of Helsinki principles of energy-efficient and zero-energy building construction. Helsinki has committed to cutting energy consumption by 9 percent in as many years (20082016). The goal is to significantly reduce the consumption of purchased energy (heating, cooling and electricity) in buildings. City of Helsinki construction projects strive to improve energy efficiency throughout the building stock.More than 1,200 sites included in a solar panel studyInvestigations related to renewable energy in the citys construction projects focus on solar and wind energy as well as on heat pumps and geothermal cooling.The most typical renewable energy form in the projects is solar power. Ongoing new construction and renovation projects take into consideration the goals and alternatives offered by the energy investigations.According to Sirpa Eskelinen, the leading energy expert at the City of Helsinki Public Works Department, solar power can reduce the electricity consumption of a property by 220 percent per year.The Public Works Department has so far studied the potential for solar power at more than 1,200 city properties, she says. Detailed studies on the potential for solar power production have been conducted for 600 properties.Older properties present challengesAccording to Eskelinen, the utilization of solar power presents challenges especially in renovation projects. The structures of older buildings may not support solar panels, so it is not advisable to make plans for solar power production in them. The total costs of a solar power plant are also affected by the costs of the plans and the implementation of required alterations.The roof of Finlandia Hall was found to support the weight of solar panels. However, the total investment cost was increased by challenging indoor cable installations.Other city solar energy projects in addition to Finlandia Hall include the Torpparinmki and Hiidenkivi Comprehensive Schools. Several ongoing new construction projects also seek to utilize solar power including the Yliskyl day care centre.Certified environmental managementFinlandia Hall will be one of the first European event venues utilizing solar power. Finlandia Halls long-ranging environmental work culminated last autumn in the ISO 14000 environmental management certification. So far less than 1 percent of Finnish businesses have been certified according to this ISO standard.Read moreFinlandia HallText and photos: Marita Penttil, City of Helsinki Public Works Department
Photo: The Finlandia Hall solar power plant was delivered by Green Energy Finland Oy. Pictured at the site on a misty morning were the company workers Fredy Haakana (left) and Petri Peuha.
The independent Finland will turn 100 in 2017 and celebrate the independence throughout the year. The centenary is opened in grand style on 31 December 2016. Citizens are invited to celebrate the centenary at the Finland 100 grand opening held in the Tl Bay area and at Kansalaistori Square in Helsinki. Read moreHealthHealth stations are closed on New Year's Eve 31 December, on New Year's Day 1 January and on Epiphany, 6 January.When local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services. Read moreTransport+-The Metro will run three hours longer than usual and there will be additional bus and commuter train services on New Years night.In addition, some bus and tram routes will be diverted in downtown Helsinki due to the Finland 100 Grand Opening party heldat Kansalaistori and its surroundings. The Eliel Square (Elielinaukio) bus terminal will be closed from 8pm to 2am and Mannerheimintie will be closed to traffic between Arkadiankatu and Runeberginkatu. Read moreLibraries27 December through 30 December libraries are open as usual. On New Years Eve libraries close earlier, and all libraries are closed 1 January. Also 5 January libraries close earlier than usual. 6 January all libraries are closed. With Helmet library card and PIN code you have unlimited access toHelmets e-materialsduring holiday season, every day.Read more:
The City of Helsinki eases the everyday lives of families with the Family Support service. The website is a one-source online guide on services for children from social services and health care to education. The site has been compiled with the help of hundreds of city workers who work with families daily and are aware of the type of questions asked by parents, such as how to react to a babys sleeping problems or how day care works.The Family Support website has been built around problems and needs, says project coordinator Tuomas Korkalainen. When people need some service, they are primarily interested to know how to find the service, when the service is open, and who it is for.The Family Support website serves users with informative videos, for example, on public playgrounds, day care and couples therapy. A family-clinic chat service was introduced in the autumn. New services may include online booking of appointments to family training and an events listing for families.The development of the website has been a user-oriented process conducted in workshops with service designers, with the help of an extensive online panel, and by asking feedback from parents at playgrounds. The goal has been to provide families more assistance and instructions in a digital format. Health care professionals involved in the project stress the need for correct information based on research.The website will be updated regularly. The service has received positive feedback, and the concept will be used as a model to develop dedicated websites for other user groups including the elderly, young people and immigrants.See Family Support online service
The northern end of the Tennis Palace will brighten dramatically when Charles Sandisons (b. 1969, Great Britain) installation Language Is Dead (2013) fills the expanse of the buildings arched faade. The installation consists of a moving mass of words projected onto the surface of the wall. Produced by HAM, the temporary piece will be turned on during the dark hours of the day between 31 December 2016 and 13 January 2017.Language is Dead is based on a computer programme and a digital copy of The Origin of Species. Words from the book are positioned invisibly on the wall one at the time, and when the programme starts, the full stops from the end of all the sentences in the book are transformed into virtual micro-organisms that feed on text. When the micro-organisms detect a word, they gather around to digest it, thus making the invisible word readable to the viewer. The work can be likened to an old book left neglected on a shelf in a damp room for years, the paper suffering from mildew and slowly beginning to decay as it is consumed by micro-organisms.Read more:HAM
The Helsinki bike-share network  the Helsinki city bikes  will be three times larger in the spring of 2017 compared with the 2016 programme: the system will reopen in the spring with 1,500 bikes and 150 docking stations.The Helsinki City Planning Department has announced the locations of the new docking stations. From 2 May onwards, the bikes will serve Helsinki from the inner city all the way to Munkkiniemi, Pasila and Kumpula.The expansion of the bike-share programme will further improve the service of the overall Helsinki public transport system, when more bikes are available for the first and last legs of journeys: the Helsinki bike-share programme is closely integrated with the public transport system, promoting sustainable mobility in the city.Helsinki residents were invited in late summer 2016 to comment online on a draft for the bike-share programmes expansion. Responses were received from more than 1,300 people through the online service Kerrokantasi (tell us your view). New docking stations to be established on the basis of the feedback and a preliminary plan include one close to Hernesaari. See the locations of the planned new stations on the map!Registration for the new bike-share season begins in April 2017. Once the stations are in service, the information on station locations and bike availability is available in real time in Helsinki Region Transports new Journey Planner. The new Journey Planner can already be studied at beta.reittiopas.fi.The bike-share programme is maintained by Helsinki City Transport, and the service is provided by CityBike Finland. Advertising sales are handled by Clear Channel, and the main programme partner is HOK-Elanto. The station location planning has been carried out by the Helsinki City Planning Department. Helsinki Region Transport maintains the programme website and the bike-share functions of the Journey Planner, as well as handling the marketing.Read more about the Helsinki city bikes bike-share programme: hsl.fi/en/citybikes.
On 23 December buses, trams and the Metro will operate a Friday service. On Christmas Eve 24 December, buses, the Metro and trams will operate a Saturday service until about 4pm.For detailed timetables on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, see:The timetables are available in the Journey Planner.Hietaniemi cemetery is served by route 24X Asema-aukio-Hietaniemi. Bus 24 Merikatu-Erottaja-Seurasaari will not run via Hietaniemi on Christmas Eve.Kellonummi cemetery is served by routes 226A and 246K and Honkanummi cemetery by route 722, which will have additional services.On Christmas Day, 25 December, a Sunday service will operate from about 11am.On Boxing Day 26 December, a Sunday service will operate.More on the subject
HSL
The official programme for the 9th annual Lux Helsinki light festival features a major exhibition of light art and numerous other related events. These include screenings of experimental short films by Eino Ruutsalo, a kinetic light installation, and fun for families at Helsinki City Museum. Adult festival-goers can attend the first ever Bring Your Own Beamer club to be organised in Finland, as well as the Capital Glow Party.
In addition, the Lux Eat food happening invites festival-goers to eat together at participating restaurants in the city centre.
The 9th annual Lux Helsinki light festival organised by the City of Helsinki will take place from Thursday to Monday, 5 to 9 January 2017.
Lux In light exhibition to feature a diverse range of light aesthetics and video artThe Lux In light art exhibition will be held for the second time at Kaapelitehdas, presenting thought provoking gallery art by established artists and students from the Lighting Design Masters Programme of the University of the Arts Helsinki.Jari Haanper, a pioneer of Finnish light art, will have no less than six installations in the exhibition. These include a new installation entitled Light Desk, which was designed especially for the Merikaapelihalli space at the Cable Factory, as well as five other installations from the artists impressive career as an innovator in Finnish light aesthetics.
One of the highlights of the exhibition is Blink, an installation by British kinetic sculptor Jim Bond that really catches the eye with force and confidence.Clubs, pop-up cafs and family entertainmentLux Helsinki will be the first to introduce the international Bring Your Own Beamer (BYOB) happening to Finland. BYOB is a one-night exhibition and club in which participants get to fill up an empty space with art using their projectors (beamers).
Helsinki City Museum will offer light performances and other fun experiences for families and kids throughout the Lux Helsinki festival, including invigorating light therapy to help cope with the darkest time of the year. At the same time the ever-changing light installation Light Drawing will be projected onto the wall in the courtyard, while Secret Messages can be read on a giant sheet of paper only when illuminated by UV lamps.
Six experimental short films by Eino Ruutsalo (1921-2001), one of the pioneers of Finnish video art, will be screened in the Banquet Hall at Helsinki City Hall on Thursday 5 January at 5pm.Lux Helsinki will light up the citys most impressive faades throughout the festival. The overall effect can be admired and photographed from a viewing platform in the Market Square. The glass-walled container will also house the light installation Fotoni by students from Aalto University and a caf serving hot drinks. Senate Square in turn will have a winter caf area, where visitors can admire the light installations projected onto Helsinki Cathedral.Lux Eat food happening invites festival-goers to eat together
The Lux Eat food happening will offer great food in the 10, 30 and 50 price range throughout the festival in cooperation with City. Further information: www.luxeat.fiRead more:www.luxhelsinki.fiNew route for Lux Helsinki circles around Helsinki Cathedral 17.11.2016
Lnsimetro Oy announced on Friday 9 December that the Metro line to Matinkyl is estimated to be completed in June. According to Lnsimetro Oy, the line could possibly be opened for traffic until Tapiola in April. The schedule will be updated in January/February as the testing proceeds.According to the information provided by Lnsitmetro Oy, it seems that Metro services to Matinkyl could begin in June. HSL will be able to decide on the beginning of the services only once the schedule for the completion of the works has been confirmed. In this case, the switch to feeder bus services could take place at the beginning of the summer timetable season, on 19 June. The current bus routes in from Espoo, Lauttasaari and Kirkkonummi to Helsinki city center will operate until then.Helsinki Region Transport, HSL
Basic social assistance will be paid by Kela as of the start of 2017. You can already submit a paper application for basic social assistance for January to Kela, while online applications can be submitted from 12 December onwards. Supplementary and preventive social assistance will continue to be provided by the City.Kela's online customer service and telephone service in social assistance matters will become available on 12 December at www.kela.fi/asiointi (in Finnish/Swedish). At the same time, the Department of Social Services and Health Care's online application service for basic social assistance will close.Kela has been accepting paper applications for basic social assistance for January 2017 from the beginning of December. The application form for basic social assistance is available from Kela's offices and can also be printed out online at www.kela.fi/web/en/forms.The regular payment day of Kela's basic social assistance is the first banking day of the month. If the payment cannot be made on the regular payment day, it will be made in connection to your social assistance decision.Municipalities may continue to provide supplementary social assistance for particular expenses not covered by basic social assistance at their discretion.In order to apply for supplementary or preventive social assistance, a client must first receive a decision on basic social assistance from Kela.In order to apply for supplementary or preventive social assistance, you must first receive a decision on basic social assistance from Kela.After this, you can submit an application for supplementary social assistance by using the application form that you can print out from the City's website (in Finnish). Application forms are also available at adult social work service offices. The online application service for supplementary and preventive social assistance will open in February.The telephone advice service provides information and advice on matters related to applying for social assistance. You can call the telephone service to ask for information on the grounds for granting social assistance Monday to Friday from 9:00 to 12:00. The telephone number for Finnish-speaking clients is 09 3105 6257, while the number of Swedish-speaking clients is 09 3104 4967.Social assistance, City of HelsinkiServices provided by KelaKela's quick guide to social assistance
Types of expenses for which you can get basic social assistance
Ask Kela (in Finnish/Swedish)
   Kela bulletin Changes to social assistance payments
 Kela's newsletters www.kela.fi/uutiskirjeet (in Finnish/Swedish).
The Winter Garden is ready for Christmas. This Helsinki attraction provides warmth and splendor for people from near and afar. Santas Little Helpers at the garden have prepared a Christmas oasis that is sure to delight families and people of all ages. Christmas decorations are displayed throughout the Christmas season until after Epiphany, to close on 8 January.There is a Christmas tree and candles, Santas Little Helpers and animals of the forest. Santas Little Helpers perform tricks that will bring joy to all visitors. The gardens biggest Christmas plant is a Camellia tree, which is about to bloom. The final touch to the Christmas spirit is given by poinsettias, hyacinths, amaryllis, cacti that are at their best in November and December, and Christmas arrangements.Santas Little Helpers can be imagined to roam in the garden making their plans for Christmas Eve. The Christmas spirit is also created by the light of large white candles and the Christmas tree as well as by Christmas-inspired flower arrangements.The Christmas time is the Winter Gardens high season, only equalled by Easter. The garden is one of the favourites of day care centres, families, school children and grown-ups alike  and for a reason, as the garden allows visitors to enjoy the spirit of old-time Christmas. The garden caf serves sweet buns and glgg mulled wine during the holidays.Puppet theatre Sytkyt performs the Christmas fairytale Sampo Lappalainens Christmas on 26 and 28 December and 6 and 7 January. Performances:Length: about 15 minutes18 December at 14:00 and 15:00: Christmas concert by HYMSKK choir (University of Helsinki chamber singers)The Winter Garden is located at Hammarskjldintie 1. The closest public transport stop is on tram line 8. Admission is free including concerts and puppet theatre performances.Winter Garden Christmas season opening hours (until 8 January):Regular hoursExceptionsWinter Garden
Bus routes 58, 58 58B, 90A, 92N, 96N, 97N and 841N running to the east along Itvyl will be diverted in Herttoniemi from Thursday 8 December 2016. The buses will turn from Itvyl in the direction of Laajasalo and run along Linnanrakentajantie, Laivalahdenkatu, Mekaanikonkatu and Muuntajankatu to their normal route. The diversion will be in place for about one and half years and it is due to construction work on a bridge over Itvyl.In the direction of the city center and Pasila, the buses will use their normal route.The following stops will not be served:
"On all routes,""Herttoniemi"" (H4007) and ""Konemestarinkatu"" (H4009) on Itvyl."
"On routes58, 58Band 92N,""Mekaanikonkatu"" (H4176) on Muuntajankatu.Replacement stops:"
"On all routes,""Puusepnportti"" (H5022) on Laivalahdenkatuand""Asentajanpuisto"" (H5023)and ""Mekaanikonkatu 10"" (H4173) on Mekaanikonkatu."
"On routes90A, 96N, 97Nand 841N, ""Mekaanikonkatu"" (H4175) on Muuntajankatu.Read more:"
HSL
As Finland prepares to celebrate 100 years of Finnish independence, the nations capital readies itself for the future with far-reaching programmes. The City of Helsinkis international news bulletin Helsinki News reviews a new land use plan for long-term development that will enable the city to grow sustainably.The edition presents a public transport project involving the construction of a major landmark bridge for trams, the Crown Bridges. Further, Helsinki News presents the principles of the citys upcoming reform of the governance system and organization. The edition examines two advanced citywide 3D models for diverse applications to develop the city the 3D data is published as open data.Read Helsinki News 3-2016
Health stations are closed on Independence Day 6th December. When local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services. On Independence Day 6 December, HSLs transport services will operate a Sunday service. Therewill bediversions to tram and bus services in Helsinki city center due to students torchlight procession and thePresidents Independence Day Reception. Detailed timetables from the Journey Planner24 h Telephone Health Service, Tel. 09 310 10023Information is provided about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call.In the event of a severe and life-threatening illness or accident situation at any time of the day, call 112 for help.Emergency servicesWhen local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services.Adults (over 16 years of age): Haartman Hospital and Emergency Room, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12, tel. 09 310 63231 and Malmi Hospital and Emergency Room, Talvelantie 6J, tel. 09 310 67204.Children: Children's Hospital Emergency Clinic, Stenbckinkatu 11, tel. 09 87 10023.
When local health stations are closed, residents of Helsinki with serious illnesses and in urgent need for care can also go to the Jorvi Hospital emergency room in Espoo, Turuntie 150, tel. 09 4711. Residents of Helsinki can also go the the Peijas Hospital emergency room in Vantaa, Sairaalakatu 1, Vantaa, tel. 09 471 67060.Emergency Dental Care
Emergency dental care is provided on Independence Day 6th December at Haartman Hospital, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12. Appointments can be booked 8 - 21 at 09 310 49999. Night emergency duty is at Tl hospital emergency department, Tlnkatu 40, tel. 09 471 87708. Please always make an appointment by phone before seeking treatment for Emergency Dental Care.Emergency Social Services and Crisis emergency support 24/7
Emergency Social Services and Crisis emergency support serve 24/7 also during Independence Day. Emergency Social Services tel. 020 696 006 and Crisis emergency support tel. 09 310 44222.
Public transport on Independence Day 6 December and Monday 5 DecemberOn Independence Day 6 December, HSLs transport services will operate a Sunday service. There will be diversions to tram and bus services in Helsinki city center due to students torchlight procession and the Presidents Independence Day Reception.
On Monday 5 December, a Friday service will operate. In addition, the Metro will run two hours longer than usual and some bus routes that depart from the city center will have additional services. Some bus services to/from Sipoo will not run because the schools in Sipoo have a day off.Public transport on Independence Day 6 DecemberA Sunday service will operate. There will be diversions to tram and bus routes in Helsinki city center due to parades and the Presidents Independence Day Reception.Students torchlight procession
The procession will start at 5pm from Hietamiemenkatu and proceed along Hietaniemenkatu, Arkadiankatu, Mannerheimintie and Pohjoisesplanadi to the Presidential Palace, from where it will continue along Mariankatu and Aleksanterinkatu to the Senate Square
The tram 2 will run in both directions along Mannerheimintie 4.50pm-5.30pm. The tram will not serve Runeberginkatu and Kamppi. Delays are expected to other tram routes.Bus 24:
The 4.45pm and 5.05pm services from Merikatu will run along Pietarinkatu, Kapteeninkatu, Tehtaankatu, Laivurinkatu, Fredrikinkatu, Pohjoinen Rautatienkatu and Mechelininkatu. The bus will not serve Korkeavuorenkatu, Mannerheimintie, Arkadiankatu and Pohjoinen Rautatienkatu.
The 4.45pm and 5.05 services from Seurasaari will run along Mechelininkatu, Hietalahdenranta, Bulevardi and Yrjnkatu. The bus will not serve Hietaniemi, Pohjoinen and Etelinen Rautatienkatu, Arkadiankatu and Mannerheimintie.The buses will stop at all bus stops along the diversion route.Map showing the diversion route of bus 24In addition, the procession may cause delays to routes 14, 18, 21V, 37, 39, 41, 42 and 69.Presidents Independence Day ReceptionTram routes 2, 3, 4, 7A and 7B will be diverted from 5.30pm to 9.30pm. Tram 5 will not operate. Buses will replace tram services in Eira and Katajanokka. Map showingtram routes and the routes of replacement busesThe trams 2 and 3 will run to the terminus of tram 1A on Pursimiehenkatu.Bus 3X will serve the section of the route not served by the trams. The bus will run from Etelranta along Laivasillankatu, Tehtaankatu, Laivurinkatu, Fredrikinkatu, Bulevardi, Albertinkatu and Pursimiehenkatu to Viiskulma. The termini will be Viiskulma (1174) on Pursimiehenkatu and Etelranta (0433) tram stop.The tram 4 will run to Kolmikulma.Bus 4X will replace the tram between Lasipalatsi and Katajanokka. The bus will leave from the Postitalo bus stop (2038) and run along Postikatu, Kaivokatu, Kaisaniemenkatu, Liisankatu, Pohjoisranta, Kanavakatu, Satamakatu, Kruunuvuorenranta and Linnankatu to Merikasarminkatu.Tram 5 will be replaced by bus 5X. The bus will run the same route as bus 4X until Kruunuvuorenkatu, from where it will continue to the terminal.The trams 7A and 7B will run via the Central Railway Station. The trams will not serve Aleksanterinkatu, Snellmaninkatu and Liisankatu.Other alterationsThere will be a number of protest marches on Independence Day that may cause diversions to public transport routes.On U line 280, the SS services will not operate.Detailed timetables from the Journey PlannerDetailed timetables are available in the Journey Planner.
Timetables of U line services are available in the Matkahuolto timetable search
Read more
Social and health care services in Helsinki at Independence Day
Public Transport, HSL
Maunula House will open doors to the public at 12 noon on Thursday, 22 December 2016. The house will accommodate the Maunula City Library, the Maunula Youth Centre and facilities of the Finnish Adult Education Centre. Residents have been involved in the design of the house and its operations from the beginning of the project. As the house opens doors, an in-house caf also opens, to be operated by young people on work try-outs. The young people will be supervised by the City of Helsinki Youth Department, and their training will be managed by Helsinki Vocational College.Maunula House has about 2,200 square metres of floor space, and it was designed by architects Kimmo Lintula, Niko Sirola and, as the main architect, Mikko Summanen of K2S Architects. The main features of the spacious building are wooden walls and a wooden ceiling, light-coloured tiles, uncoated concrete surfaces and large glass elements. The ceiling, which slants in multiple directions, extends seamlessly from space to space.Maunula House and its operating model are designed to promote the areas communal atmosphere, integration of local immigrants and civic activity. It serves simultaneously as a cultural space, an experiential space, a communal living room, a work space, a caf and a learning space.Maunula House will apply an operating model created specifically for the house, which strongly engages residents. A forum open for everybody invites residents to discuss their ideas and expectations. The forum annually elects three resident representatives to the houses 9-person advisory board. Among other duties, the advisory board is responsible for joint events organized at the house and prepares the process of participatory budgeting, in which residents can influence the houses annual programme and use of resources.The city library and youth centre start operations at Maunula House as soon as the doors open. At first, the library is open 920 Monday to Thursday, 916 on Friday and 1016 on Saturday. The youth centre is open to 21 on weekdays. The Finnish Adult Education Centre starts its courses at the house in January. During the spring, the house will launch a programme of self-regulated use, which makes it possible for the house to be used after regular hours. The official opening week is 31 January  4 February 2017. The weeks programme is organized in collaboration with local residents.Read more:Maunula HouseMaunula House on Facebook
HSL is providing additional services on bus routes, the Metro and tram route 5 during the pre-Christmas party season, until 18 December.Additional bus services operate on Friday/Saturday and Saturday/Sunday nights. Additional services are provided on Helsinki internal bus routes 20N, 39N, 43, 65, 67, 68, 71, 72N, 85N, 92N, 94N and 97N as well as regional routes 132NT, 231N, 235N and 411.Additional bus servicesThe Metro runs two hours longer than usual on Friday and Saturday nights.Additional Metro services 14 Nov-18 DecTram route 5, which runs between Helsinki Central Railway Station and Katajanokka, has additional services on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. The tram runs to the Katajanokka terminal every 5-10 minutes at ship arrival and departures times.
Christmas can be celebrated in Helsinki in many ways. There is something for everybody. The following listing includes both traditional and new Christmas events. For example, there are many Christmas markets, as in previous years. You can find more on Event Search in English and on Tapahtumakalenteri in Finnish. The Christmas season in Helsinki is launched with the opening of the Aleksanterinkatu Christmas street on 20 November.St. Thomas Christmas Market opens on 3 December. The Tori Quarters Christmas sauna in the historical heart of Helsinki welcomes bathers from 9 December onwards. The sauna is heated daily to 22 December.Manta Christmas market will be held for the first time this year at Havis Amanda square, Helsinki, from November 26th until January 8th. Read moreRead more:Health stations are closed on Christmas from 24 to 26 December. When local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services.Adults (over 16 years of age): Haartman Hospital and Emergency Room, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12 and Malmi Hospital and Emergency Room, Talvelantie 6J. Children: Children's Hospital Emergency Clinic, Stenbckinkatu 11.More on the subject: Social Services and Health Care DivisionOn 23 December buses, trams and the Metro will operate a Friday service. On Christmas Eve 24 December, buses, the Metro and trams will operate a Saturday service until about 4pm. The timetables are available in the Journey Planner.On Christmas Day, 25 December, a Sunday service will operate from about 11am.On Boxing Day 26 December, a Sunday service will operate.More on the subject: HSLWinter Circus Muisti (Finnish for memory) of Dance Theatre Hurjaruuth performs at Cable Factorys Pannuhalli to 8 January. The performance is a combination of contemporary circus, dance, video installations and live music. The circus artists come from Finland, Spain, France, Iceland and Argentina. The music is performed by circus orchestra Peloton. The performance is recommended for all ages above 3. The length of the performance varies from one hour to more than two hours. Tickets start from 16 euros. Read more and purchase tickets from Hurjaruuth. Tickets can also be purchased from Ticketmaster.Christmas market at the Three Smiths Statue, the adjacent Kaivopiha courtyard and Old Student House: 323 December and 27 December7 January.Christmas market at Old Student House 1723 December.Helsinki Zoo has a lot to offer in winter.Suomenlinna fortress island: Follow the Trail of the Fortress Gnome, 26 November 2016  6 January 2017.Winter Garden allows guests to enjoy exotic plants.Exhibitions and museumsNew Year and the Grand Opening of the centenary of Finnish independenceThe Christmas season ends with New Year festivities. New Year 2017 marks the beginning of Finland 100, the centenary year and celebrations of Finnish independence. The Grand Opening of the centenary is celebrated in the heart of the Finnish Republic, in the Tl Bay area and the Kansalaistori square in Helsinki. The Finland 100 organization, the City of Helsinki, the Finnish national broadcasting company YLE, and local organizations put together a full-day festival. Most events are free of charge.
Finlands centenary of independence kicks off on New Years Eve in Helsinki
Grand OpeningNew route for Lux Helsinki circles around Helsinki CathedralThe 9th annual Lux Helsinki light festival organised by the City of Helsinki will take place from Thursday to Monday, 5 to 9 January 2017. The festival will be accompanied by the Lux In light art exhibition at Cable Factory from 1 to 10 January. The focal point of the festival will be Helsinki Cathedral, which will be illuminated on all four sides.
Read more
Lux Helsinki
Lux Helsinki presents an attractive side programmeThe Christmas season information will be updated with opening hours, holiday transport schedules and information on social and health care services.
The Finnish Adult Education Centre publishes its spring 2017 course listing on Monday, 14 November. Enrolment in the courses begins on 7 December. See the complete listing on ilmonet.fi.Students entitled to enrol in advance in courses that started in autumn 2016 are notified by email or text message. Advance enrolment is open 14 November  1 December.Enrolment can be done on ilmonet.fi (24 hours), in person at Finnish Adult Education Centre offices or by phone +358 (0)9 310 88610. See office contact information here (note, page in Finnish only).During the advance enrolment period, all offices are open Monday to Thursday 9:0017:00. Advance enrolment is not possible with course teachers.Please note that the course listing includes many continuing studies courses that do not accept advance enrolment, and enrolment in these courses is only possible during the regular enrolment period 79 December.Enrolment in spring 2017 courses 79 December:Wednesday, 7 DecemberThursday, 8 DecemberFriday, 9 DecemberThe spring programme catalogue will be available in print at the Finnish Adult Education Centre locations, public libraries and the Virka Info information service at the City Hall from Monday, 28 November onwards. A digital version of the catalogue will be available a week earlier, on 21 November, at http://sto.digipap.eu/opinto-ohjelma/Read more:Finnish Adult Education Centre
The modernisation of the activated carbon plant relating to the boosted water treatment process and in-creased production capacity of the Vanhakaupunki plant is now nearing completion. The activated coal plant will be commissioned on Monday, 14 November, and will be fully operational by the end of the month. The quality of drinking water will slowly return to normal once the activated carbon plant has been commissioned.
The quality of water has been monitored closely during the modernisation project at the plant and in the water supply network. On the basis of the results, the changes in water quality have been small.The modernisationprocess was started on 6 June. From October to November, total organic carbon (TOC) was 2.2 mg/l, whereas it was 2.0 mg/l before the rerouting. As a result, there have been no detectable changes in the quality of water. The hardness of drinking water has varied between 3.3 and 3.5 dH, which means that the water is soft. Alkalinity is ap-proximately 0.7 mmol/l and chlorine content is 0.50.6 mg/l.
While the activated coal plant is being commissioned, we are changing our chlorine solution from bound chloramine to free chlorine for approximately one week. Chlorine content will remain constant at 0.5 mg/l, but the free chlorine may have a stronger taste and smell compared to the bound chloramine that is normally used.
The quality of drinking water will slowly return to normal once the activated carbon plant has been commissioned. The quality of the water supplied will fulfil the quality requirements and recommendations set out in the decree on drinking water, also during commissioning.Read more:
HSY
A research project has been started to find solutions for makingflexible and congestion-freemobility services with lower emissions available to everybody. Traffic congestion and emissions are a global problem, solving which requires multidisciplinary academic research. Finland aims to become a key player in discovering new mobility solutions with this research.
A significant share of Finland's obligation to reduce carbon dioxide emissions concerns transport. Finns' current needs for transportation can be resolved with a substantially smaller number of vehicles if traffic is made smoother and more public transportation is made available. New technologies offer opportunities for creating agile mobility solutions. The research project will also seek to answer the question of how ready people are to change their mobility habits. Do we all want to own a car in the future?
Smart mobility solutions are spearheading Metropolia's research and development activities. The aim is to build a multidisciplinary and productive international research network that will be used to collaboratively identify solutions for shifting to a more agile and less congested mobility culture that produces less emissions. Multidisciplinary and interdisciplinary research examines the possibilities offered by digitalisation from the user's point of view.
The Ministry of Transport and Communications, the Finnish Transport Safety Agency (Trafi), the Finnish Transport Agency and Metropolia University of Applied Sciences are carrying out and financing a joint research project with the aim of promoting solutions for flexible, non-polluting and user-friendly mobility services (Mobility as a Service MaaS).Read more:
Metropolia
On Thursday 10 November, commuter trains will be operating areduced service due to a severe weather.The changes will affect services on the main line and coastal line.Trains toHelsinki Airport (Ring Rail Line) will run as usual.Timetables 10 NovemberA trains lwill run every 20 minutes.
From Helsinki at06, 26, 46 past the hour
FromLeppvaara at09, 29, 49 past the hourK trains will run every 20 minutes
FromHelsinki at 16, 36, 56 past the hour
From Kerava at02, 22, 42 past the hourX andY trainsare cancelled.VRwill provide supplement transport between Kirkkonummi and Siuntio, see vr.fi.The aim of the reduced service is to minimize disruptions to services due to bad weather and to ensure the reliability of services.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport
The mass influenza vaccinations at health stations have ended. Until the end of February 2017 it is possible to get a vaccination: We offer a limited number of appointments which must be booked online asiointi.hel.fi.-------------Influenza vaccinations start in November (week 47) in Helsinki. Vaccinations are available at health stations and at maternity and child health clinics.Vaccinations against seasonal influenza are available at health stations without appointmentsYou can also book an appointment for vaccination against seasonal influenza at a health station electronically during the influenza vaccination season, from November 2016 to February 2017, at the following address: asiointi.hel.fi.Maternity and child health clinics offer vaccinations against seasonal influenza as part of scheduled check-ups.
   Open maternity and child health clinicsoffer vaccinations to clinic patients without appointmentThe vaccination against influenza is free of charge for:Further information on the vaccinations is available at your local health station and maternity and child health clinic and by calling the Telephone Health Service on 09310 10023 (24 hrs)Information about vaccinations in Finland is available on the website of the National Institute for Health and Welfare.Contact information:Health stationsMaternity and child health clinicsThe news has been revised on 22 December by adding the first chapter.
Helsinkis parking fee zones have been expanded. Zone 1, covering the inner city, has been expanded from the city centre to Punavuori, Katajanokka and Kruununhaka, among other areas. Zone 2 has been expanded to cover areas of former Zone 3, and Zone 2 now covers Eira, Taka-Tl, Meilahti, Vallila and Hermanni among other areas.Parking costs 4 euros per hour in Zone 1 and 2 euros per hour in Zone 2.
The changes take effect as traffic signs are replaced. Signs have been replaced since the beginning of October, and the replacement will take another 12 months.The changes do not affect resident and business parking, which are controlled with resident and business parking permits and signs.
The new zone division is more straightforward than the old one. It eases the implementation of mobile services and parking enforcement. Helsinki strives at an increasingly dense city structure and to expand the inner city-like area. The expansion of parking fee zones 1 and 2 is in line with these objectives. If parking fee zones will be expanded again to new areas, these areas will be part of Zone 3.
The amendment is based on a City Board decision of 25 April 2016.Read more:
New parking fee zonesParking in Helsinki
Book your seat at the series of your choice at the Helsinki Music Centre. The seat you booked with your autumn 2016 season ticket will be kept for you for the spring 2017 season at Ticketmaster until 5 December 2016.If you would like to change your seat, you can purchase a new season ticket from the seats available when they go on sale. Unclaimed seats will be made available for individual concerts when the sales period for season tickets ends.Prices for spring 2017You save 20 procent when you purchase a season ticket compared to normally priced tickets for individual concerts, also for the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestras own concerts at other venues (1 ticket per concert).Season ticket holders are entitled to bring with them one guest under the age of 17 free of charge. Complementary tickets for guests are available from Ticketmaster as of 13 December 2016.Season ticket holders are entitled to a 20 procent discount on the cloakroom service fee at the Helsinki Music Centre. Further information about payment options:Season ticket holders are entitled to a 10 procent discount from the Fuga record shop at the Helsinki Music Centre.Read more
Concerts
The Helsinki Music Centre
Ticketmaster
Finlands centenary of independence celebrations kick off on New Years Eve, 31 December 2016. The main event of the Finland 100 grand opening is in Helsinki. Instead of celebrating the New Years Eve at Senate Square in Helsinki, the festivities take place around Tlnlahti Bay and Kansalaistori Square. The opening party will reach its climax at midnight with a great blue and white firework show.Finland 100, The City of Helsinki, The Finnish Broadcasting Company Yle and local organisers around Tlnlahti Bay and Kansalaistori Square create co-operatively an all-day event which entails something for everyone of all ages. Yle will broadcast the opening days atmosphere live to the whole of Finland.Finlands independence jubilee year opening party starts at midday with events and programme especially planned for the centenary year opening. Most of the events are free of charge.In addition, the centenary year is welcomed in festive atmosphere in various events around Finland. All Finns and friends of Finland are invited to be part of this historic moment, opening the independence centenary together.Follow Finland 100 on social media to keep up-to-date with the latest news. #finland100kickoffThe event map contains the basic information of various events at the suomi.finland100.fi-pages. Find more information from the event organisers.Read more:Suomi Filand 100 - Helsinki particpates
Finnish Defence Forces will be excercising in Helsinki 7-11 and 14-18 November. The exercise causes noise.The exercise is carried out by Guard Jaeger Regiment.
The Executive Board of Helsinki City Transport decided at its meeting of 1 November 2016 to authorize Helsinki City Transport (HKL) to order from Transtech Oy 29 light-rail cars, each of them 35 metres long and operable in two directions, for the future Raide-Jokeri light-rail fleet.Raide-Jokeri (rail Jokeri) will be an east-west light-rail line between Itkeskus in eastern Helsinki and Keilaniemi in Espoo. The line will replace the current bus line 550 in the early 2020s. The light-rail line project is implemented jointly by Helsinki and Espoo.HKL has a valid tram-car purchase agreement signed with Transtech in 2011, which includes delivery options that can be used to purchase the Raide-Jokeri rail cars.The total purchase price of the delivery will be no more than 100.5 million euros, comprising 95.2 million for rail cars and 5.3 million for replacement and spare parts and special tools.The purchase for the Raide-Jokeri fleet will comprise Artic cars, which are compatible with the current Helsinki tram network and the first batch of Artic tram cars in terms of operation and maintenance. The current Artic-series tram cars being manufactured at the Transtech plant in Otanmki will comprise 40 cars, 13 of which are already in traffic in Helsinki.HKL reports positive experiences and customer feedback from Artic tram cars. The cars are well compatible with the demands of the Helsinki tram network and the Nordic climatic conditions.The service life of a tram or light-rail car is about 40 years. Over the next 40 years, the development of the Helsinki region transport system will rely heavily on rail transport. Accordingly, the current tram network and the new light-rail lines will be expanded into one integrated system. It is important that the new rail cars are compatible with the challenging nature of the current tram network and with the new light-rail lines being planned, says HKL CEO Ville Lehmuskoski.The Artic rail cars for Raide-Jokeri differ from the current HKL tram cars in a number respects including their two-way operability and length. In addition, plans for the Raide-Jokeri rail car include a kneeling system for the middle section of the car, which would enable good accessibility.According to the projected purchase timetable for the light-rail cars, HKL will first order one prototype rail car, which will run in the Helsinki inner-city rail network. The prototype rail car will be used to gather experiences from operation, which will be utilized in the finalization of solutions for serial production. The prototype rail car will be delivered and be in use by HKL at the turn of the year 20182019.Read more:HKL
Armour, a temporary artwork by artist Antti Laitinen (b. 1975), has been installed in Tlnlahti Park. Shaped like a suit of armour for a tree, the steel sculpture alludes to issues in the coexistence between nature and humanity and is thematically appropriate for an urban park. Rising up to a height of more than five metres, the work is located on a small hill at the corner of Tlnlahdenkatu and Karamzininranta, next to an entryway to the park.Antti Laitinen made the piece by cladding an existing tree in polished steel plate armour. He then took the armour apart and reassembled it around a steel armature. Empty and dissociated from the tree, the piece looks like it was put in storage after use.- Armour was most commonly used by knights and their horses, but sometimes also by war elephants. The best suits of armour were custom built for their user. To my knowledge, no tree armour has previously been built, says Antti Laitinen.Antti Laitinen represented Finland at the 2013 Venice Art Biennale. He has created several public works of art in Finland and abroad. Antti Laitinen is known for his versatile use of materials and performative works. In one of his performative pieces he sailed across the Gulf of Finland in a self-built Bark Boat in 2011.Armour is a piece of sculpture commissioned by the Helsinki Public Works Department. HAM (Helsinki Art Museum) served as the art expert in the project.Read more:HAM (Helsinki Art Museum)
The residents of the Helsinki metropolitan area sort their biowaste more carefully than before. This is evident at the biowaste processing plant in Espoos mmnsuo, which has this year received 45 percent more domestic biowaste than in 2015. Helsinki Region Environmental Services (HSY) processes about 50,000 tonnes of biowaste in a year.The growth in biowaste volumes is due to both increased sorting and the population growth in the region. The trend is positive, but we can still improve in biowaste sorting, says Christoph Gareis, who is in charge of biowaste processing at HSY.According to a new survey conducted by HSY, residents are now better aware than in 2015 about what happens to sorted biowaste. The awareness has encouraged residents to sort their biowaste better than before.Biogas and mulch from banana peals and fish bonesHSY has upgraded its biowaste processing with a biogas plant built at the mmnsuo composting plant. The plants form one integrated process, in which the waste biodegrades and is composted. The biogas plant efficiently recovers the energy contained in biowaste. Biogas is used to produce renewable energy, both electricity and heat.The compost produced at the composting plant is turned into mulch. Thus the humus and nutrients important for plants including phosphorous and nitrogen are returned back to nature.The recycling of biowaste allows us to produce renewable energy and to recover nutrients. In order that residents can better sort their biowaste, we have compiled biowaste sorting instructions on our waste sorting website, which includes a video that tells people how to make a biowaste bag from newsprint, says environmental expert Minna Partti.Read more:HSYs website on sorting of waste (in Finnish only)
The 9th annual Lux Helsinki light festival organized by the City of Helsinki will take place from 5 to 9 January 2017. The festival will be accompanied by the Lux In light art exhibition at Kaapelitehdas from 1 to 10 January.
Lux Helsinki is one of the City of Helsinkis most impressive contributions to the Finland 100 centenary celebrations that begin at the start of the year. In keeping with the theme of the centenary year, Together, the light festival is being created together with partners.
The official partners for Lux Helsinki in 2017 include Stora Enso, Marimekko and Plan International Finland.The organisers of Lux Helsinki have focused especially on the visitor experience. According to a survey carried out after the 2016 festival, the event has been an overwhelming success in this regard. Lux Helsinki 2016 attracted over half a million visitors, and 99% of those who responded to the survey rated the event as either very good or quite good.
This year Lux Helsinki is working even closer with its partners in terms of content. This means that partners and artists are engaging in dialogue in order to create even more impressive light installations and experiences for visitors. New partners are enabling the festival to continue to develop and offer an even more engaging programme for 2017.
 Its been great to see how enthusiastic companies in all kinds of different lines of business are about Lux Helsinki. This immensely popular light festival offers partner companies the opportunity to present themselves through art, creating new kinds of content and visibility for both companies and the festival itself, says Leena Lassila, Partner Relationship Manager at Visit Helsinki.
Stora Enso is the main partner of Lux Helsinki 2017. During the festival Stora Enso will celebrate Finlands centenary with a light installation entitled Cube, which will be projected onto the faade of Stora Ensos iconic head office next to the Market Square. The installation is being realised by animation studio Shader.
 We are glad to be a part of Lux Helsinki, which is held right at the start of Finlands centenary year. Stora Enso and the independent Republic of Finland share a close common history, and we want to contribute to developing Finland also over the next hundred years, says Seppo Parvi, Country Manager Finland at Stora Enso.
Lux Helsinki 2017 will bring to life a new Marimekko pattern Veljekset (brothers) by Maija Louekari through light and animation. Veljekset is also Marimekkos official pattern of Finland 100.
 We are really excited about the partnership between Maija Louekari and Lux Helsinki. It allows us to offer Helsinki residents and visitors a bright respite right at the start of the centenary year, says Tiina Alahuhta-Kasko, Managing Director of Marimekko.
Lux Helsinki and the childrens rights organisation Plan International Finland will present the poetic and moving installation Absence by Mexican artist Mnica Ruiz Loyla in the inner courtyard of the National Library. The installation describes the poor working conditions of women in mass production plants in Mexico.
 Guaranteeing education for girls would be one of the best ways to reduce poverty. An educated girl can earn a living independently and thus decide about her own life and look after her rights, says Kirsi Mettl, Marketing and Fundraising Director at Plan International Finland.
Plan International Finland is organising in cooperation with Lux Helsinki a fundraising campaign related to the theme of the Absence installation. The campaign will encourage festival visitors to stand up for the rights of girls and support their education.
The light installations described above provide a clue as to the official Lux Helsinki route for 2017. The light festival will spread out across historic Helsinki from 5 to 9 January 2017. The festival will be accompanied by the Lux In light art exhibition at Kaapelitehdas from 1 to 10 January.
The official Lux Helsinki route and other installations will be published in November. Lux Helsinki is a free-of-charge event that is suitable for the whole family.Website and social media
www.luxhelsinki.fi (to be launched in November)
Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, #luxhelsinki
The problem with the invoicing system is solved and the city invoices are sent normally.- - - - - - - - -City of Helsinki invoicing is delayed presently due to the problems with our invoicing systems from Monday 17 October to 27 October 2016.We aim to send the invoices shortly to our customers. Please pay the invoices according to the date of payment due, and if the date due has passed, then pay as soon as possible at receiving the invoices.We regret the inconvenience caused to our customers.You can contact our customer service at Financial Management, Helsinki on all your questions regarding
invoicing:It is also possible to send enquires, questions, and other requests via online form (the site is in Finnish)Over 1,5 M invoices are sent to the customers per annum by TALPA  Financial Management, Helsinki.
Helsinki Region Transport HSLs public transport ticket prices will rise on average by 4.1 per cent at the beginning of 2017. The prices of season and value tickets as well as day tickets will rise. There will be no changes to the prices of mobile tickets and other single tickets.HSL season tickets are still inexpensive. For example, if you divide the price of a 30-day ticket by the average number of commutes, i.e. 44, the price of a journey to work with a regional ticket for adults is 2.42 euros and with one-zone tickets 1.24 euros. The more you travel with the ticket, the lower the price of an individual journey.Children and students travel at half the adult fare. The discounts for other special groups are 25 or 50 per cent.Read more:HSL
The first stage of the Fredikanterassi artwork competition has been completed. The juryselected 8entries from 121 for further development in the next stage of the competition. Each entry that reached the second stage received a reward of EUR 4,000. The entries are not listed in order of preference.The purpose of the competition is to find several permanent and site-specific public artworks for the pedestrian area of a bridge that will connect East and West Pasila. The area will be called Fredikanterassi and will be located in front of the Tripla complex which is expected to be completed in 2021.The second stage of the competition will end on 15 February2017.Read moreHAMPasila at Helsinki New Horizon
The City of Helsinki home care services can now rehabilitate customers by virtual means, whereby customers join a supervised rehabilitation group virtually at their homes using tablet computers.This type of therapy is targeted at customers of video-aided remote care who cant leave their homes. The therapy focuses on movements needed in everyday situations at home, says Maria Sarkio, director of the Syystie Service Centre, which provides a wide range of services.Video-aided remote rehabilitation improves the customers ability to cope in everyday life situations, increases their social contacts and supports independent living at home. The activity will be expanded to cover all of Helsinki by the end of 2016.The rehabilitation takes 10 weeks and is free of charge. Customers are supported at their homes by home care workers. Service Centre Helsinki makes sure that the connection works and assists in case of technical problems.Service Centre plans to introduce a Virtual Hub that would allow a rehabilitation session to be attended simultaneously by up to 20 customers.Video-aided remote rehabilitation was tested with positive results: the customers physical condition improved, they managed their daily activities better, and they learned to know new people. Feedback from customers was also positive.Read more:Rehabilitation and therapiesVirtual service
The first city bike season is about to end. The bikes will be available until 31 October and then tucked away until the beginning of the next season in May 2017.The first season of the city bike schemehas beena success: residents and visitors have taken over 400,000 rides, pedaling over 700,000 kilometers. HKL and HSL together with their partners want to thank all city bike customers and wish them welcome to use the expanded city bike service next year.Registration will open in April 2017. The current season subscribers will be contacted in the spring and offered the opportunity to renew their subscriptions for the next season.In mid-October, a new feature was introduced in the system, allowing returns at full stations. If a bike station is full, customers can return bikes right next to it, locking them with the lock cable. When returning a bike at a full station, customers need to be careful and ensure that the bike is properly returned and not just locked for a break.During the summer, HKL conducted a customer survey according to which the city bikes are part of residents daily travel, making daily journeys easier and faster. Most people said they use the bikes for leisure journeys, over 50 per cent also for commutes. A total of 60 per cent of the users regularly combine city bikes with public transport. The bikes enable more efficient access to other modes of public transport.Most of the users say they ride city bikes one to five times a week. Most people gave the different parts of the city bike service a grade of four on a scale of one to five.Next year, the number of city bikes stations and bike will triple and the service will be available for an increasing number of users. The expansion of the bike system will also improve the service level and accessibility of public transport.The Helsinki city bike system with 500 bikes and 49 bike station was opened in May 2016. Next year the number of bikes will increase to 1,500 and that of stations to 150. City bikes are shared use bicycles that can be borrowed by anyone in central Helsinki. They are part of the public transport trip chain and support sustainable mobility.Read moreHelsinki Region TransportBy bike
The upgrade of Ring Road I has proceeded much ahead of schedule, the Finnish Transport Agency reports. All lanes, both eastbound and westbound, from the Espoo border to Vihdintie and at the Hmeenlinna road will be back in use by Christmas.New arrangements complicating the flow of traffic will not be made before March 2017. Only limited work in areas bordering the road will be conducted during the winter months.The third westbound lanes built from Vallikallio to Vihdintie are nearly ready. The eastbound lanes are under construction.
Noise barriers at this stretch of the road are also almost ready. The bridge crossing over Vihdintie to the west will be ready to use by Christmas, as will be the bridge crossing over the Hmeenlinna road to the west. New and partially wider entrance ramps to the northbound Hmeenlinna road will be finished in November. The pedestrian and cycling underpasses at the Hmeenlinna road will be finished in October.
The eastbound juncture overpasses crossing Vihdintie and the Hmeenlinna road will be renovated next summer. A new pedestrian and cycling overpass crossing Vihdintie will be built, and the area will be landscaped.Noise barrier from recycled materialsA noise barrier will be built at Konala from used car and heavy-machine tyres as well as polystyrene sheets used in the test structures of the Lohja-Muurla motorway project. The recycled materials will be covered by soil.The exceptional material choice was made because of the soft soil in the area. The weight of a barrier built from earth materials would render the construction process highly demanding. In addition, using recycled materials as construction materials is ecologically sound and cost-efficient.Congestion only during peak hoursThe Ring Road I work site has caused less congestion than predicted. The eastbound traffic becomes congested between 15 and 18 (36 pm).Congestion has been increased by the marked underuse of the left westbound lane at Kannelmki. Unless you are entering or exiting the road, use of the left lane is often the best choice on a congested road.It is in the best interest of everybody that all lanes are used fairly evenly. Thus a road can accommodate more vehicles.Finnish Transport Agency
The eco-industrial centre Ekomo looks for new ways to utilize waste bound for landfills. The businesses operating at Ekomo, located at the mmnsuo Waste Treatment Centre, plan to step up collaboration in order that they can benefit from each others material flows, energy production and expertise. Collaboration allows businesses better to minimize waste and to utilize locally produced energy.Ekomo also offers businesses opportunities to test new ways to develop the circular economy.Today five businesses are active at Ekomo, promoting the circular economy together with the municipal enterprise Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority (HSY): NCC Industry, Maaprssi Oy, Delete Oy, Gypsum Recycling Oy and Fortum. HSY maintains the Ekomo infrastructure, handles the material flows and produces renewable energy for the needs of the whole area.NCC will build in the area an asphalt recycling station and turn the rock materials produced by the construction of the Blominmki waste water treatment plant into recycled stone materials. Recycled stone materials are used, for example, for road construction. Production at the asphalt station will begin in the spring.A place for research and developmentOne of the areas of research at Ekomo is how to utilize materials produced from the processing of waste at mmnsuo to manufacture mulch.HSY is conducting a study to investigate opportunities to produce new products from sewage sludge such as biocoal and fertilizers, in order to maximize the circulation of nutrients. HSY is also testing the recovery of nutrients in the study. The goal of the test is to find out how well algae can be cultivated in the process waters of a composting plant.
Maaprssi Oy is testing a method to clean grit at Ekomo. At present, the grit used on roads has hardly any other use than earth fill. Fortum is developing a HorsePower biofuel from horse manure and sawdust to be used as an energy source.
Read more:Ekomo
A nationwide Heat Pledge campaign tries to reduce emissions in connection with consumption peaks in the winter. Those who make the Heat Pledge promise to reduce the heating in their homes over a few days this winter in order to decrease the highest spikes in energy use. During a consumption peak, people who have made a Heat Pledge will receive a message with more detailed instructions.
The Heat Pledge enables more efficient energy production when consumption increases. If, for example, 10,000 people momentarily reduce the temperatures in their homes, the emissions produced by heating are decreased by an amount corresponding to 10,000 litres of oil.The Heat Pledge offers Finnish people a concrete way of doing their bit on climate change mitigation. The campaign is part of Helens strategic target to be a climate-neutral energy company by 2050.The Heat Pledge is part of Helens new Enne service. It is free of charge and available to all households in Finland.
Read more
lmplupaus.fi
Helen
Nordic Investment Bank NIB has signed a EUR 60 million long-term loan agreement with Helsinki City Transport HKL, a municipal transport operator of the Finnish capital city, for the purchase of forty new trams manufactured by the Finland-based Transtech Ltd.The loan, with a maturity of 20 years, will finance the tram purchase as part of the municipal investment programme aimed at improving the service quality and productivity of public transportation in Helsinki. HKL will purchase forty energy-efficient, low-floor Artic model trams that will replace the generation of the current fleet built in the 1970s.The new Helsinki trams have been designed in cooperation between the city and the Finnish manufacturing company Transtech Ltd, part of the koda Transportation group. The new fleet will be more energy efficient, offer more comfort and better access for wheelchairs and prams, and have a passenger capacity by 50% greater than the older trams.- NIB has a long track record of co-financing improvements to public transportation in Helsinki. We believe that creating an efficient and comfortable public network for daily commuting helps communities reduce their carbon footprints and brings us closer to a carbon-free economy, says Henrik Normann, NIB President & CEO.- Long-term financing is essential for the implementation of competitive public transport projects. The loan from NIB secures the acquisition of the Artic trams for Helsinki, which are designed for the challenging Finnish conditions, and are excellent with regards to noise levels and maintenance requirements, says Ville Lehmuskoski, HKL President & CEO.Read more:
Nordic Investment Bank
Foreign passengers departing through the Port of Helsinki spent around EUR 750 million in Finland last year. In total, the Estonians spent the most money, but Japanese passengers used the most money per capita. Only about a third of passengers travelled outside the Helsinki Metropolitan Area.In total, nearly 2.4 million foreign passengers departed through the Port of Helsinki in 2015. This number does not include the personnel and passengers of international cruise ships. The largest group of foreign travellers were Estonian passengers who, in total, left around EUR 175 million in Finland. Over EUR 30 million of this sum was spent by Estonians who work in Finland. Estonians represented one third of the total amount of foreign passengers. The second largest individual group were the Russians, followed by the Chinese, Swedes, Japanese and Germans.The biggest spenders were the Japanese, who each spent EUR 806 per person in Finland, and the Chinese, who spent EUR 616 per person. By comparison, Russian passengers who travelled through the Port of Helsinki spent EUR 235 per person in the area. On average, the amount of money spent by a passenger in Finland was EUR 350 per foreign passenger.Read more
The Port of Helsinki
Solar panels will be installed on the roof of congress and event centre Finlandia Hall Ltd. by the end of 2016. Finlandia Hall is among the first event centres in Europe to utilise solar energy for the energy needed in the premises. The decision to install solar panels is in line with Finlandia Halls long-term strategy to invest in energy efficiency and environmentally friendly actions. It also further reinforces Finlandia Halls position as an organiser of international congresses in the markets tough competition.A total of 150170 solar panels will be installed on the roof of Finlandia Hall, and experts have calculated the size of the system to be 41 kW. The electricity provided by the system is estimated to cover a maximum of 2025 percent of Finlandia Halls total monthly energy consumption.Finlandia Hall has strongly invested in environmental and energy matters over the past few years. Five years ago we started a development project during which the building, originally built in the 1970s, was turned into an energy efficient one. District heating consumption has been reduced by 50% and electricity consumption by 30%. These renewals have accumulated cost savings worth hundreds of thousands of euros. The solar panels are a natural next step in this development, says Johanna Tolonen, Managing Director at Finlandia Hall Ltd.Finlandia Hall has undergone a total transformation of operating culture, and the personnel have been strongly committed to taking environmental issues into account in all their activities. The long-term development work culminated in Finlandia Hall receiving the ISO14001 environmental certificate last autumn. Only less than one percent of Finnish companies have received the certificate.Competitive edge through environmentally friendly operations and organic foodInternational competition for hosting different congresses continues to tighten between cities. Congress organisers evaluate the strengths and suitability of different cities and congress centres for their particular event in detail. At the moment, environmentally friendly operations, safety and clean food are highlighted as selection criteria.In addition to being energy efficient and environmentally friendly, Finlandia Hall has also responded to the tough international competition by investing in organic food and the quality of food in general. We have succeeded in turning one of the largest kitchens in Finland to the organic path over the past few years. Finlandia Hall prefers clean Finnish ingredients and locally sourced food, and event organisers have given us excellent feedback regarding the food, says Tolonen.According to Tolonen, Finland is among the top candidates for hosting different congresses. Finland is perceived as safe, functional and full of new experiences. For instance, the international ICANN event was to be organised in Panama last summer but the threat caused by the Zika virus led to moving the event at very short notice to Finland and Finlandia Hall.Read more:Finlandia Hall
Hernesaari will become an extension to the current docks in the area and is mostly intended for the use of large cruise ships. Construction of a new quay is a necessary investment in order to maintain the ports position as one of the best locations in the Baltic Sea. The new quay can receive vessels that are up to 360 metres long. The construction starts in 2017.The Port of Helsinki can focus its vessel services to Hernesaari, which means that souvenir sales and passenger and crew services become more efficient, as the cruise quays are closer to each other. And the connections to the city center become easier with the new tramline.The main focus of international cruise ship traffic has, for the entire 21st century, moved from the South Harbour to the West Harbour, due to the growing size of the ships. Currently, up to 90% of the international cruise ship passengers come to Helsinki through Hernesaari and Lnsisatama.The use of Melkki quay in the West Harbour will be ended in 2019, when the area will be allocated to residential construction. The Port of Helsinki Ltd has decided to replace Melkki quay with a new quay built to Hernesaari.A maritime residential area is planned in Hernesaari: it offers a wide range of boating and sailing services, and in the summer the residents can also admire the international cruise ships passing through.Read more
The Port of Helsinki
The Helsinki region participates in a European project aimed at improving transport policies in metropolitan regions and at developing ways to promote climate-friendly transport and mobility in Europe. The Helsinki metropolitan region puts a special focus on developing low-carbon transport station environments. The project also strives to promote healthy urban environments and low-carbon business activity especially in the vicinity of transport stations.Entitled SMART-MR  the short for Sustainable Measures for Achieving Resilient Transportation in Metropolitan Regions  the project seeks new methods, means and services to increase the appeal of rail transport and station environments as well as facilitating low-carbon lifestyles.
The work in the Helsinki metropolitan region is coordinated by Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority (HSY), supported by Helsinki Region Transport (HSL), Helsinki-Uusimaa Regional Council, Helsinki Business Hub, Green Net Finland and a number of other regional actors. They will organize a workshop on the theme in the spring of 2018.The SMART-MR project is aimed at reducing transport-related problems in metropolitan regions such as congestion and greenhouse gas emissions.SMART-MR is financed from the Interreg Europe programme. The total budget of the 5-year project is EUR 2.2 million. The project supports the goals of the Europe 2020 Strategy, the policy of economic, social and territorial cohesion, and the Interreg Europe programme by promoting new types of transport, mobility and transport policies.Read more:SMART-MRHelsinki Region Environmental Services Authority HSY
The Finnish-language schools of Helsinki will be closed for an autumn break 1721 October and the Swedish-language schools 2021 October. Below are picks from Helsinkis offerings for children and young people during the break. School year 20162017 calendar including holidaysEnjoy your best autumn vacation yet in Helsinki!Helsinki is filled with action. The city offers exciting activities for the whole family, a range of cultural activities and diverse events throughout the autumn season.Find your nearest youth centre or a new hobbyGo to the activity search Harrastushaku.fi and find the youth centre nearest to you or a new exciting hobby! This is a service maintained by the City of Helsinki Youth Department to allow young people to find whats on offer for them in the city. In addition to Youth Department activities, you can also find here activities offered by other organizers.Helsinki cultural centres organize autumn break programmesSee: Cultural OfficeCross country skiing in all weather  Kivikko indoor ski hall invites you onto snowAutumn break at the zooYou are welcome to spend your school autumn break at Helsinki Zoo! The zoo is open 1016 during 17 September  23 October. The gates close one hour before the zoo closing, that is, at 15:00.Festival of light at amusement parkThe Linnanmki amusement park will complete its season with the traditional festival of lights (Valokarnevaali), organized this year for the 11th time. The festival culminates in fireworks on Saturday, 22 October. The festival will immerse the amusement park in light and colours, as the rides, equipment and plants glow with lights to illuminate the darkening nights of Helsinki.Links to other activities:
The extension of the Helsinki Metro to the west  the West Metro subway  will not be opened in January 2017 as previously announced.A test of the joint operation of the metro systems conducted at the Aalto University station shows that the testing phase will need to be extended. The test revealed shortages and defects, and work to correct them was begun immediately. The joint operation of the systems in case of fire will be re-tested as soon as all corrections have been completed.A joint operation test is made to ensure that all systems operate faultlessly in case of various disruptions, including fire, an electrical malfunction or a communication system malfunction. The test is also made to ensure that the systems return to normal operation after a disruption.It is extremely deplorable that the commissioning of the West Metro is thus delayed from what was previously estimated. The seven-year construction project is nearing completion. We are looking for solutions to ensure that the delay will be as short as possible, without compromising the functionality and safety of the West Metro, says West Metro Board Chairman Olli Isotalo.Helsinki Region Transport, the transport authority that plans and organizes public transport in the region, will extend the current agreements on bus service in southern Espoo and Lauttasaari from the turn of the year. The areas will be served by buses in the current manner until the metro service from Ruoholahti to the west can be opened.Read more:LnsimetroBus service replacing West Metro
The annual Stamp Day will be held on Friday, October 7. To celebrate the special day, Posti will release unique coat of arms-themed stamps, to which you can also add a special postmark representing the area. The stamps will be available in the Posti online shop and Posti shops as well as at well-stocked postal outlets and retail stores. Helsinki coat of arms is also now available as a stamp.The coat of arms stamps are first class Personalized stamps and they cost 1.50 each. The stamps will be sold in Postis online shop by sheet. The minimum order is 1 sheet, which has 10 stamps.Read more:Posti
HAM Helsinki Art Museum finishes up the year 2016 with a retrospective of Japanese artist Yayoi Kusama (b. 1929), one of the leading artists in the world today. The exhibition consists of her most notable works, including paintings, sculptures and installations.The exhibition covers Kusamas work from her early career in the 1940s to the present. Comprising more than 200 pieces, the exhibition includes paintings, drawings, sculptures, videos and installations as well as materials relating to Kusamas performances. In Infinity is also highlights Kusamas relation with fashion and design. It includes works that have now been displayed for the first time ever  and also works produced for this particular exhibition.The fundamental starting point of Kusamas art is inner reality. Echoing infinity, immersive states of mind where the self can disappear, her work expresses a wish to blend into and become one with the world.Yayoi Kusama is a unique artist personality, who in a career spanning more than sixty years has constantly introduced new things to contemporary art. She has been described variously as a conceptual artist, a minimalist, a surrealist, a pop artist and a feminist artist. Her output covers virtually all techniques and genres of visual art from drawing to painting and sculpture, installation, performance and happening.Born in Japan, Kusama moved in the late 1950s to the United States, where she was involved in the formation of new movements such as pop art and minimalism. As a non-Western woman artist, she developed a highly distinctive visual language that refused to fit in existing categories.In Infinity is the first retrospective show of Kusamas work on display in Scandinavia and it has been a huge success in Denmark and Norway. It has drewn a crowd of more than 500,000 visitors in Louisiana, Henie Onstad Kunstsenter and Moderna Museet.The exhibition is organised by the Louisiana Museum of Modern Art in cooperation with Henie Onstad Kunstsenter, Moderna Museet/ArkDes and Helsinki Art Museum HAM.7.10.2016-22.1.2017 at HAM
Service break on Friday 7.10 between 06.45-09.00 and short service breaks possible between 09.00-12.00.Necessary service operations are being carried out. We regret any inconvenience incurred.
HAM is starting a new volunteer programme at the Helsinki Art Museum! The volunteer team will start its work with the Obliteration Room art project that is part of Yayoi Kusamas In Infinity exhibition. In the project, a completely white room will slowly transform as visitors place dot stickers in the interior. Read more about the Obliteration Room below. The volunteers will work alone or in pairs in the Obliteration Room, presenting it to visitors and explaining how to contribute to the art project. They will also look after the room.As a member of the volunteer team, you will find what it is like to work in an art museum! Joining the team is a great opportunity to meet other like-minded art lovers and gain work experience in the field in a fun way. You can choose the number of shifts you want to commit to within a four-month period. All volunteer training and programmes will take place on Wednesday evenings from 18.00. Volunteer shifts are available on both weekends and weekdays. Please check the registration form for more shift information.Send in your application by 30 September. The first meeting will take place on Wednesday 5 October at 18.00.Read more:HAM
What if your smartphone could announce upcoming road work, available doctors appointments and events of particular interest to you? All this may soon be possible, if we take the word for it from the Helsinki City Hall expert Joonas Pekkanen, who has developed a new Helsinki mobile app. The app is a major stride forward in the stepwise development of digital services in Helsinki. It is meant to revolutionize the ways in which people communicate with City of Helsinki authorities.According to Pekkanen, the City of Helsinki seeks an easier means to stay in touch with citizens with the help of the new app, while citizens want information about interesting events and City decisions affecting them. Visitors to Helsinki could be served with tailored programmes in accordance with their interests. Local enterprises could use the app to reach out to interested audiences.The Citys goal with the Helsinki app development is to build a tool and information source both for citizens and for visitors. Often local residents and visitors want similar services, such as tips on restaurants and events. For example, the Visithelsinki.fi tourism site is busily used by the locals, as well as by visitors.The Helsinki app is being developed by various actors in the City of Helsinki organization. The app development is, however, not only an inside City project, but excited residents have been recruited to join the development from the very beginning, and various brainstorming and co-creation sessions will be organized during the autumn to render the app as user-oriented as possible.Soon it will be easier to send feedback to the City online through the Helsinki app. The app can make it really easy to give feedback, Pekkanen envisions. For example, you can take a picture and send it to the City. Then you can use the app to monitor how the problem is being corrected.The Helsinki app utilizes geospatial data, so users can be sent various announcements based on where they are. In the wildest visions for the app, it could give users personal information such as messages from their childrens school, and available public space could be easily booked with the app.The first version of the app will be available for test use during this autumn with limited functions. Users can participate in the app development during the pilot stage.The big question is how to modernize the ways in which the City serves its residents, says Pekkanen. This is not the only solution but one of many solutions. In the future, a contact with the City may be just one click away.- Abridged from a Digital Helsinki blog by Joonas Pekkanen
The west wing represents some EUR 300 million of the Finnish airport operator Finavias substantial total investment of EUR 900 million. The first part of the west wing to be built is the large central plaza, which is scheduled to open in late 2018. It will bring 25,000 square metres of new passenger and baggage facilities to the airport.The magnificant central plaza It will be used by departing and arriving long-haul passengers. Various facilities, such as modern security control, shops, restaurants and new services, will be located around the plaza.Helsinki Airport is a tour de force of Finnish architecture and designThe central plaza will be an architecturally impressive space. Decorated with Finnish wood, its rugged wall and ceiling structures will set an imposing stage for many kinds of events and phenomena.The expansion was designed by the internationally recognised Finnish architects office PES-Architects. The same office designed the previous Helsinki Airport expansions completed in 1996 and 1999, as well as the circular parking buildings in front of the terminal.- The designs incorporate elements that allow Helsinki Airport to set itself apart from other airports around the world. We will highlight Finnish expertise and architectural style. The abundant use of glass and wood will provide brightness and create a sense of being close to nature,says architect Tuomas Silvennoinen at PES-Architects.Helsinki Airport has become one of the key air traffic hubs in EuropeThe number of transfer connections has increased by more than 75% within the last 10 years.Helsinki Airport has seen favourable market development in recent years. In terms of routes to Japan, for example, Helsinki Airport is the largest airport in Europe at the moment.Helsinki Airport has established itself as an important European air traffic hub and is also one of the largest bus and train interchanges in Finland, offering road and sea links to Russia, Tallinn and the Nordic and Baltic countries.Read more Finavia
The exhibition presents different faces of a Central European country through the lenses of contemporary generation of Slovak photographers. The projects balance between art and social documentary they deal with different places, people, paradoxes and features of Slovakia. SLOVAKIA, SAY CHEESE! exihibition is open until 20th of November.ROZENTA LS AND FINLAND is shown from 23rd September to the 20th November. Latvias national artist Janis Rozenta -ls (18661916) was a painter who had a broad impact on Latvian art.
He married the Finnish singer Elli Forssell. Finlands cultural life, nature and people became familiar to him after he moved to Finland in 1905. The year 2016 marks the 150th anniversary of Janis Rozenta -ls birth. To celebrate the jubilee year, the Rozenta -ls Society and the Latvian National Museum of Art will produce a special exhibition at Virka Gallery as well as in Latvia.Read more
Virka-Gallery
The Helsinki City Board considered the new Helsinki city plan at its meeting on 19 September and will continue the consideration on 17 October.The proposal for the city plan, presented by Deputy Mayor Anni Sinnemki, was the same as the proposal approved unanimously by the City Planning Committee earlier. The final decision on the city plan will be made by the City Council later in the autumn.The city plan will steer the development of the city far into the future. The proposal secures the prerequisites for the city to grow, to build new housing and to prosper economically. The reservations made in the city plan will enable the growth of the city to 860,000 residents and 560,000 jobs by 2050.The solutions of the city plan are based on a vision of Helsinki as a networked city relying on rail transport, with a strong inner city that is larger than today. Public transport will rely on an expanding rail transport network. The roles of walking and cycling will grow.One of the goals of the city plan is to secure adequate recreational areas for a growing population. The network of green areas will strengthen, and green areas and related services as well as the sea will be easy to reach.Helsinkis green structure based on radiuses from the city centre will be linked with the regions extensive recreational areas, and the city plan map includes crosswise green connections. The continued existence of green fingers, regional green areas and a network of local green areas will be secured.In-fill construction, boulevards and new districtsOne-third of the new construction planned for the next few decades will be in-fill construction. The city will become denser especially in the vicinity of rail stations. Suburban centres will also be developed as dense hubs of housing, jobs and services.Another one-third of the new floor space allowed by the city plan will be focused on city boulevards as the inner city expands. Large motorway-like access roads will be turned into city boulevards. The primary goal is to improve the city structure rather than to come up with traffic and transport solutions only. The new boulevards will allow whole new city districts to be built as extensions of the current inner city.The remaining one-third of the new construction will consist of large new areas, the main one of which is the Malmi airport area, which can be re-developed into homes for 25,000 residents.A great deal of discussion and interactionThe city plan proposal was prepared over four years under the guidance of the City Planning Committee. Helsinki residents participated in the preparation at various events and meetings and by giving feedback in the form of opinions and reminders.The reminders from residents numbered 1,444. Most of them were related to land use reservations, which were often feared to threaten green and recreational areas.The reminders concerned especially the Helsinki Central Park, areas in the vicinity of the Vantaa river valley, Tuomarinkyl, Vartiosaari, Lauttasaari and the Malmi airport. The reminders were grouped by theme and area during the preparation, they were responded to, and the feedback was taken into consideration in the city plan development.A great deal of discussion has been aroused by proposed development on the western border of the Central Park, related to the transformation of the Hmeenlinna road into a city boulevard. The City Planning Committee has reduced the area for development, and the critique will be considered in further preparation.Background: regional developmentThe Helsinki city plan is integrated with plans for the entire Helsinki region and its municipalities. The city plan relies on a joint plan for a traffic and transport system and land use as well as on a joint housing strategy. Rapid growth is a reality not only in Helsinki but in the entire Helsinki region.The presentation to the City Board included the city plan map and its explanations as well as a number of thematic maps, which are related to the city plan proposal. The attachments comprised an interaction report, the reminders, statements, letters and other communications. All materials were published on the City Board agenda for the meeting.Read more:City plan websiteCity plan map and thematic maps (titles in Finnish)
The autumn season on Helsinkis exhibition scene is busy. The season was launched by Didrichsen Art Museum, which exhibits paintings and sculptures by Lionel Smit, an internationally renowned South African artist.Taidehalli, Kunsthalle Helsinki, presents dancing women, extravagant sculpture parks and wild shooting  Niki de Saint Phalles world is vibrant and humorous, with dark tones.Ateneums Stories of Finnish Art has been complemented with modern art from the post-war years. A retrospective exhibition of Italian artist Amedeo Modigliani will be on display from 28 October 2016  unforgettable portraits, bohemian artist life and contemporary works.The autumn season of Helsinki Art Museum HAM will peak in a retrospective exhibition of Japanese artist Yayoi Kusama, which opens on 7 October. The exhibition consists of the artists most significant works, which include paintings, sculptures and installations.Contemporary Art Museum Kiasma will open exhibitions of Meeri Koutaniemi&Arman Alizadand Mona Hatoum in October. Hatoum creates poetic and often political works that comment on the status of women and the state of the world at large.Sinebrychoff Art Museum will open Still LifeThe World on Display at the end of September. The exhibition comprises some 50 still lifes from the Netherlands, Italy and Spain, dating back to the 16th18th centuries.The National Museum of Finland will open The Renaissance. Now!  From Raphael to Titian on 23 September. This is the first time that Raphael's paintings will be exhibited in Finland.Design Museum will open an exhibition of Finnish textile artist Kirsti Rantanen in October. The major exhibition of Eero Aarnio is still on view, to close on 25 September.The Museum of Finnish Architecture will open More Colorful, More Cheerful, More Sophisticated  Finnish Architecture in the Sixties in October.Coming in October to Amos Anderson Art Museum is Zoltn Popovits  sculptures of varying scales made from stone, wood, bronze and other materials.Do not forget the Finnish Museum of Photographys main exhibition on view until January, Gathered Leaves by American photographer Alec Soth.
Villa Gyllenbergs current exhibition is Art on Paper, works by Helene Schjerfbeck,Hugo Simberg,Juho Mkel,Vin Rouvinen,Salvador DalandRembrandt.Helsinki City Museum has free admission at all times. A visit can be easily combined with a visit to Virka Gallery at the City Hall lobby.Read moreMore galleries
The operations of the Skills Center have started rapidly. The Skills Center works in a new way to combine learning support, education and employment services, as well as language education that strengthens the vocational vocabulary. The services are aimed at immigrants over 17 who have been granted a residence permit in Helsinki.
The Skills Center (in Finnish: Stadin Osaamiskeskus), founded last summer, has more than 300 clients, the majority of which have already found a studying or work trial place or a job through the center. The Skills Center is entered through an Employment and Economic Development Office or the Department of Social Services and Health Care. The skills and language skills of the Skills Center clients are recognised and, based on these skills, a path to studies and working life will be constructed. Skill recognitions are arranged every other week.The Skills Center offers its clients supported Finnish as second language degrees, apprenticeship contracts and teaching clinics for reading and writing. The Center has also created new kinds of services, which combine learning support, Finnish language education and practical work training.Read morePress release of the city
"According to a study commissioned by Helen, the important key words of the energy future are the sun, energy saving and energy efficiency, utilisation of waste, as well as circular economy. It is critical for Helen and the entire energy sector what shape and form the EUs sustainability criteria for biomass, which are under preparation this autumn, will take.The future of bioenergy is a big issue for Helen and the entire country. Helen investigated expert views on the future of bioenergy in 2036. The most important energy forms turned out to be the same as those in the studies of the International Energy Agency IEA: solar energy and energy saving. Of the bioenergy forms, especially the by-products of forestry and agriculture, such as sawdust, wood bark and sludge, were regarded as more important than other bioenergy. ""We at Helen find both energy efficiency and solar energy particularly important"", says Helens Director Maiju Westergren.  ""We are among the first companies to join the new energy efficiency agreements. We are also strongly involved in the development of solar energy with our own solar power plants in Suvilahti and Kivikko, which are among the largest in the country, as well as with new funding projects. We are also a significant member of the circular economy: we produce district heat with waste-derived biogas and waste heat from purified waste water.""Helen strives for climate-neutral energy production. Helen is reducing the use of fossil fuels, and the solution in the initial stage is to increase the utilisation of biofuels to a significant degree: indigenous pellets are burned among coal at the Hanasaari and Salmisaari combined heat and power plants.Read more: Helen"
The English section of the Helsinki-info bulletins current edition presents Helsinkis new island destination  the twin islands of Vallisaari and Kuninkaansaari  and how it is developed into a showcase of eco-tourism with solutions produced in an innovation competition.The key to the solutions is development on natures terms, says Pivi Piispa, a Helsinki senior business development advisor and the competition manager. Bruce Oreck, former U.S. Ambassador to Finland and chairman of the competition jury, says, The competition speaks out that Helsinki takes its relationship with nature seriously.Helsinki-info also presents the efforts of Helsinkis youth work with foreign-born young people. Youth centres are places where all young people are equal. Young people realize that all people are the same, says summer youth worker Abdultawab Qaderzada.A new youth-work project puts a special emphasis on young immigrants, testing a process to settle crimes with peer jury arbitration and a peer-supported method to pass comprehensive-school courses. Youth workers put a special emphasis on engaging foreign-born girls.In its regular series on immigrant life in Helsinki, Helsinki-info introduces Indonesian massage entrepreneur Nabil Nahdi, a resident of Helsinki for the last six years. He would like to see many more foreigners in the city, but he urges immigrants to be active.Read the above three articles and more at Helsinki-info.
On September 9th, Port of Tallinn, Port of Helsinki, Ports of Stockholm and Port of Turku signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), where they set a common approach for the new on-shore power supply for vessels. The aim is to actively contribute to reducing negative effects on the environment.Port of Tallinn, Port of Helsinki, Ports of Stockholm and Port of Turku signed Collaboration Agreements on development, cooperation and continuation of efforts for a better environment already during previous periods 2009-2014 and one specific initiative the ports agreed to work on together was electricity connections for vessels.The passenger ferry quays in Helsinki, Stockholm, Tallinn and Turku are located close to the city centres. The areas are of high value for real estate projects, which are being developed closer and closer to the ports. The combination of noise, vibration and other ship emissions (CO2, NOx, PM) can have a negative effect on existing and future living and working areas. The four ports see that one option for reducing or even eliminating all the negative effects is to connect ferries to the on-shore electricity grid while berthed.With the MoU Port of Tallinn, Port of Helsinki, Ports of Stockholm and Port of Turku wish to set a common approach for the new on-shore power supply in three aspects:1. The Ports will provide new built connections with a voltage of 11 kV and a frequency of 50 Hz.2. The Parties will jointly encourage other ports and shipping companies to follow the initiative and recommendations concerning onshore power supply standards.3. The Parties will continue to work to minimize the negative effects on the environment of port operations and shipping in the Baltic Sea region.
Read more:Port of Helsinki
According to the basic alternative of Helsinki City Urban Facts Offices new population projection for Helsinki, the citys population would be 650,000 in 2020 and 756,000 in 2050. According to a fast growth alternative, Helsinki would have 866,000 inhabitants in 2050.New population projections for Helsinki and the Helsinki Region have been made, up until 2050. Special separate projections for Helsinkis districts reach as far as 2026, and a separate projection for the Swedish-speaking population has been made, too.In the forecast, predicted population growth in Helsinki in 2016 amounts to 7,600 people, and in 2017, 2018 and 2019 to 6,670 a year on average. Expected annual population growth in the 2020s is set at 5,400, after which a slower phase begins as the number of deaths increases. According to the basic alternative of the forecast, Helsinkis migration loss to neighbouring municipalities starts to grow again as new traffic routes are built which increase housing production in other parts of the Helsinki Metropolitan Area.Increase in small children, school children and pensionersThe increase in numbers of 0-6 year olds is predicted to go on even in the latter half of the 2020s, and in 2020 there would be 2,300 more children than today. The number of 7-15 year olds is set to grow annually by 1,000  1,600 up until 2022, when the increases becomes slower again.By 2025, the number of people of retirement age, i.e. the 65 year olds or older, will have grown from 104,000 today to 123,000. On the other hand, the number of people of working age is predicted to grow slower than the high figures of these last few years. The increase in working-age people will be provided by immigration.Projection by district: growth areas in different parts of HelsinkiThe most important population growth areas mentioned in the projection by district up until 2026 are the former harbour areas where housing construction is starting in Jtksaari, Kalasatama, Sompasaari and Kruunuvuorenranta. Other important areas with population growth include Kuninkaantammi, Mellunmki, Keski-Pasila, Malmin lentokentt and Myllypuro.Projection for the Swedish-speaking: small children and school children increaseThe Swedish-speaking population of Helsinki, which today totals 36,000 people, has grown by 800 in the 2010s, and is predicted to grow in future, too, by around 150 a year. Both small children and school children are expected to increase clearly. The age structure of the Swedish-speaking population differs from that of the Finnish-speaking majority in the sense that the proportion of old-age pensioners has been clearly larger but has been decreasing rapidly over the last few decades. Therefore, the number of Swedish-speaking senior citizens will not grow the same way as in the Finnish-speaking population when gradually the large post-war cohorts retire.The number of Swedish-speaking residents is predicted to grow in the Southern and South-eastern major districts particularly in the Southern by almost 600 and in the South-eastern by 400 (by the year 2026). The Jtksaari area, in particular, is expected to attract Swedish-speaking people, too.Queries:Projection Manager Pekka Vuori +358 9 310 36300, firstname.lastname@hel.fiLink:Helsingin ja Helsingin seudun vestennuste 2016-20150. Ennuste alueittain 2016-2026. City of Helsinki Urban Facts, Statistics 2016:30, pdf-publication.
Building construction professionals believe that responsible construction is evident in areas like choice of building materials, the carbon footprints of buildings, and the energy efficiency of construction. The objective of responsible construction is to build healthy and safe homes. The conclusions come from a study commissioned by Helen Ltd and carried out by IROResearch Oy.The respondents view is that the importance of responsibility will rise in the future. A significant role is played by consumers who are increasingly particular regarding their choices as well as possessing a growing awareness of the environmental impacts of their choices. The requirement level rises with the growth of awareness.An important area of increased interest in responsible construction is the cooling of dwellings. It has been boosted by warmer summers and extreme climatic phenomena, which have raised the interior temperatures in homes.Cooling systems keep interior temperatures moderate also during heat waves, giving the perception of positive effects on health and wellbeing, as well as significantly improving living comfort.The respondents consider a cooling facility to provide a clear selling point, particularly in more high-end dwellings and predict its role to become increasingly prominent in buying decisions. Among residents, the over-50s were particularly interested in cooling. It was also considered to increase the value of property.In the context of cooling, construction sector professionals draw parallels to motor vehicle development: air conditioning used to be an optional extra in cars, but is now taken for granted. Cooling solutions in housing are expected to follow the same path.Read more:Helen
The City of Helsinki puts half a million euros worth of integration services out to tender. These services are to promote and support the integration of immigrants and asylum seekers. The sum is part of an appropriation allocated for the purpose by the Helsinki City Board.The competitive tender seeks services for immigrants and asylum seekers who are Helsinki residents and live in Helsinki or are staying in Helsinki. These services are meant to support the Citys own integration services. The competitive tender is also used to develop new types of service models and good integration practices.The competitive tender is divided into 12 segments, each with its own appropriation. This is a fixed-price procurement, and the assessment of tenders is made solely on the qualitative basis.The segments of the competitive tender are the following:Tenders are accepted until 12:00 (12 noon) on 17 October 2016. More information is available from the procurement announcement (in Finnish only).Read more:Procurement announcement in the public tenders portal (in Finnish)
The ticket hall at the southern end of the station and the entrances will be refurbished. The works will begin on Monday 5 September. There will be access to the Metro throughout the renovation. The renovation will be completed in autumn 2018.In the first phase, the entrances from the Hakaniemi market place and tram stops will be refurbished. The entrances will be closed from Monday 5 September 2016. Access to the station will be available from Siltasaarenkatu, Porthaninkatu and Toinen linja.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport
The Guard Jaeger Regiment of the Finnish Defence Force organises a cooperation exercise for Finnish authorities on Monday 5 September from 9am to 7pm at the Helsinki's Olympia Terminal and in its immediate vicinity as well as in the Katajanokka area. The troop relocations will cause short breaks in the traffic in the immediate vicinity of the terminal and in the Katajanokka area.
The exercise is part of the Keh 16 local defence exercise. The exercise develops the authorities' preparedness for unexpected and multi-sectoral situations and improves cooperation in demanding executive assistance tasks.The cooperation exercise will involve personnel from the Finnish Defence Force, the Helsinki Police Department, the Helsinki Rescue Department, the Port of Helsinki, Finnish Customs, the City of Helsinki and the Finnish Border Guard.The exercise will not make use of practice munitions.Port of Helsinki#Harjoitus2016
The accessibility webpages of the City of Helsinki have been revised. The new Helsinki For All pages contain information on accessibility and how to meet the requirements of accessibility in construction and other projects. The revision has rendered the pages increasingly easy to use and read. The pages now have a search function.Helsinki strives to be a city where everybody can move and function with ease regardless of age and physical condition. The accessibility guidelines of the webpages provide information on how to design, build and maintain accessible environments.The pages also include the City of Helsinki accessibility policies and evaluation criteria. The image bank for accessibility symbols contains a large number of key symbols used to denote accessibility. The symbols can be downloaded from the pages free of charge.The accessibility glossary contains approximately 500 special terms as well as general terminology related to streets and green areas. The glossary can be searched for terms in Finnish, Swedish and English.The accessibility pages are in Finnish, Swedish and English. As other City webpages, the accessibility pages offer the option to listen to the content through the ReadSpeaker function.Accessibility webpages:In English: www.hel.fi/helsinkikaikille/english
