The Helsinki City Council approved a detailed plan for the Vallila tram transport and street and park areas as well as alterations to the detailed plan for the Kumpula park area in the Council meeting of 10 April. The plans enable the construction of a tramline between Kalasatama and Pasila. The City Council also approved a plan for an extensive renovation of Finlandia Hall. The renovation project is scheduled to begin in 2022.Q&A session focused on physical activity and exploitation of undocumented workersThe City Council meeting included a question-and-answer (Q&A) session, in which two questions were discussed: (1) Councillor Otto Meris question about how to increase physical activity and (2) Councillor Heidi Aholas question about the exploitation of new undocumented people as workers. Otto Meris question was answered by Deputy Mayor for Culture and Leisure Nasima Razmyar. Heidi Aholas question was answered by Mayor Jan Vapaavuori. New tramline to run between Kalasatama and Pasila, accompanied by a bikewayThe detailed plan for the Vallila tram transport and street and park areas, as well as the alterations to the detailed plan for the Kumpula park area, approved by the City Council in its meeting will enable the construction of a tram connection between Kalasatama and Pasila. The total cost of the project is estimated to be 79 million euros. A new express bikeway will be built parallel to the tramline. The new detailed plan covers the railway yard of Vallilanlaakso, which is no longer in use, the Vallilanlaakso park and the edge of the park bordering on the Mkelnrinne swimming centre site. The plan enables a crosswise rail connection between Kalasatama and Pasila as well as radiating trunk line connections. The tramline will provide a new mass transit connection from the Kumpula university campus and southern Arabianranta to Pasila.The new tramline will run on a grass tram lane, and no motorized vehicles are allowed on the tracks. The tramline will be conducted through the areas so that it is well adjusted to the park milieu and interferes as little as possible with other uses of the park. The new bikeway will be a high-standard, express bikeway (referred to as baana in Helsinki). It is zoned in the plan to run side by side with the tramline. When bike traffic moves onto this express bikeway, the parks safety is improved and opportunities to use the park become more varied.The tramline system is estimated to cost 56 million euros and the related street construction 23.5 million euros. The cost estimate of the express bikeway, 3.5 million euros, is separate from the rest.Finlandia Hall to go under extensive renovation in 2022The renovation of Finlandia Hall approved by the City Council comprises extensive upgrades to building technologies and the functions of the building. Building technology systems will be replaced, the building energy efficiency and accessibility will be improved, and the buildings exterior cladding will be replaced. The renovation will also include an expansion of the buildings underground spaces to accommodate technical and support facilities.Spatial adjustments to be made to the buildings interior will help to develop and streamline operations. Surfaces, interior wall cladding and furniture will be renovated and replaced. The project will also include the replacement of the exterior cladding, roofing and heat insulation. Windows, front doors and structures damaged by moisture will be renovated, and hazardous materials will be removed. The panels of the buildings exterior walls will be replaced together with their attachment systems and heat insulation. The exterior wall renovation will be carried out with special attention paid to material durability. The material choice will be made in early 2020 on the basis of the results of a cladding material research project. The costs of the exterior wall renovation are included in the project costs.The total cost of the project is 119 million euros, 12 percent of which, that is, 14 million, will go to the exterior wall renovation. The budget for exterior wall cladding materials is 7 million euros. The renovation project is scheduled to begin in February 2022, and the project is scheduled for completion in June 2024.Finlandia Hall plays a significant and positive role in the City of Helsinki economy, as Helsinki is one of the worlds 20 most popular host cities for international conventions. One convention visitor profits the city by an average of 2,000 euros. Success as a convention city is also an important contributing factor in the image of Helsinki. The project plan was drawn up jointly by the City of Helsinki Urban Environment Division and Finlandia-talo Oy. The partners have consulted various experts in the course of their work, including representatives of The Finnish Heritage Agency, Alvar Aalto Foundation and the Urban Environment Division.All Helsinki City Council meetings are webcast on the Citys web channel Helsinki-kanava at www.helsinkikanava.fi, and they are available on demand. Voting maps and other information on the meetings can also be found on Helsinki-kanava. All City Council decisions can be found on the City Council pages (in Finnish) of the Helsinki website.
Helsinki XR Center (HXRC), a Digital Innovation Hub of XR technologies was founded by Metropolia University of Applied Sciences and FIVR The Finnish Virtual reality Association in January 2019. It aims to become the largest innovation, development and startup center in the Nordics dedicated to VR and AR technologies. HXRC is located in Arabia Design District in Helsinki, in the midst of Metropolia Campus of creative degree programmes. Facilities include 1000 square meters of developer space and high-quality equipment from workstations to XR devices, co-creation workspace, meeting rooms and the no. 1 XR showroom presenting the fruits of Finnish XR expertise to the world.Helsinki XR Center is operated by Metropolia UAS together with Finnish Virtual Reality Association FIVR. The Center is powered by the City of Helsinki and Business Finland.HXRC specialists will guide different XR-projects and teams forward in their early phase. After the first team search, 13 teams were chosen to start work in Helsinki XR Center. Teams selected will get access to working space, research and development support and international marketing and sales contacts. Teams are actively sought throughout the year. Application times are announced separately on the Centre's website.The Helsinki XR Center works as a link between university students and Finnish VR/AR companies through events, workshops and showcases with industry partners. HXRC XR Showroom is the gateway to Finnish VR and AR contents, tech and capabilities. HRXCs annual main event, XR MatchUP, is organized together with the SLUSH startup event in November.Upcoming events:6.5. RestiVE Co-Creation Workshop 18.5. HXRC goes Arabia Street Festival28.5. Extending Design Realities - Technologies For Urban Participation And Resilience30.31.5. Opera Beyond First Session 2 days Conference20.11. The Match Up - SLUSH Side-event What is XR?XR means Extended Reality, an umbrella term for technologies that create, augment and merge digital elements with physical space. They are also known as immersive technologies.XR consists of VR (Virtual Reality), AR (Augmented Reality) and MR (Mixed Reality).More informationHelsinki XR Center
The second Helsinki Education Week will be held 48 November 2019. The weeks series of events will highlight the work carried out in Helsinki daycare centres, schools and other educational institutions. Last years Helsinki Education Week comprised more than 120 learning events held throughout the city. A large part of the programme is organized with international education experts and innovators.Were delighted that we will again be able to present our pedagogical expertise to a larger and an international audience this year. Were very proud of our education professionals and the work carried out in our educational institutions, says Liisa Pohjolainen, Executive Director of the City of Helsinki Education Division.Helsinki Education Week offers content to learners of all ages and to everybody interested in learning and the development of learning. In addition to international education experts, the target groups include teachers in Finland and particularly teachers, learners and parents in Helsinki.The main organizer of Helsinki Education Week is the City of Helsinki and the Citys Education Division. The official partner of the week is HundrED.The programme will be finalized during the autumn months. More information is available on the Helsinki Education Week website www.helsinkieducationweek.com and the weeks Facebook page www.facebook.com/helsinkieducationweek.The week will coincide with the HundrED Innovation Summit, which will present 100 inspiring education innovations for 2020. The summit will be attended by approximately 250 education experts, innovators and sponsors from around the world. The 2018 summit welcomed participants from 37 countries. As part of the Helsinki Education Week programme, top international experts will work with the City of Helsinki, helping to develop the Education Division.Our goal is to enable cooperation across school and national borders. This goal is furthered magnificently with Helsinki Education Week, when top international experts are given opportunities to collaborate with the City of Helsinki Education Division, says HundrEDs founder Saku Tuominen.
Beyond Helsinkis stunning oceanic horizon lies a myriad of islands just waiting to be explored. An idea has been forming. A vision of a smart, energy efficient, waterborne and carbon-neutral passenger transportation system. A system that Ulla Tapaninen, Head of Unit, Enterprise Services at City of Helsinki, hopes will better connect the mainland with the islands, allowing for residents and visitors alike to better utilize and enjoy the true beauty that the region has to offer. Helsinki recently became a member of the SEA20, an international network of the world's foremost Smart and Ecologically-Ambitious marine cities, dedicated to the radical transformation of the marine and energy industries into one supremely efficient, ecologically sound, digitally connected and collaborative ecosystem. This network is enabled by Wrtsil, and for this reason the city partnered with the Smart Tech company to co-host an event on 17th April 2019 exploring the pathway toward a prospective new future Horizons  towards a zero-emission maritime city journey. The primary goal was to bring together key stakeholders in this citys ecosystem under one roof to discuss the idea of introducing a waterborne and carbon-neutral passenger transportation system here in Helsinki and to ideate the possible strategies as to how, collectively, we can bring this idea to life. A rich mix of representatives shared not only their views on the biggest opportunities to be yielded from maritime but brought to the table their expertise, tools and technologies that will help bring the idea to life.Public transportation, when compared with private means, will be more commonly used for commuting in the future, with more focus on rails, wheels and even water. As urban populations continue to swell, were seeing a gradual shift away from personally owned modes of transportation towards mobility solutions that are consumed on demand and as a service. The maritime transportation industry is gearing up to keep pace with the changing needs of cities. To lay the right foundations, big questions need to be tackled first. How do we guarantee protection of the archipelagos biodiversity? How can the city produce the energy required to meet needs in a sustainable and environmentally-friendly way?Connecting smart vessels to smart ports is one thing, but the city also needs to create the right infrastructure to support a clean energy supply chain. Together with the event participants, the city was able to explore the potential steps and key building blocks needed to pave the way towards a carbon-neutral water transportation ecosystem.More informationHorizons A series of events tailored to enable dialogue and collaboration across the political, scientific, business, and industry worlds. Inspired by Wrtsil to bridge the gap between the present day and a desirable, sustainable future, these sessions deliver an experience and promise attendees the opportunity to come together to co-create tangible solutions, which will transform our industries and help us secure a future we can all be proud of. SEA20Guidelines set for development of Helsinkis maritime offerings and appeal
On a European scale, the Helsinki-Uusimaa Region and its core, the Helsinki region, form the only metropolitan area in Finland. The 1.5 million inhabitants in the Helsinki region represent 27% of the population of the entire country, and 32% ofthe jobs in the country are based there. The region produces 36% of the countrys gross domestic product, and the GDP per capita is 1.5 times larger than for the rest of Finland.The Helsinki region has been growing fast over many decades. Net migration has been a major growth factor which, in recent decades, has increasingly more often involved immigration either from abroad or via other regions in Finland. More than a half of the regions current inhabitants over 18 years of age were born outside the region and moved there at some point of their life. Based on the population growth in the current decade, the Helsinki-Uusimaa Region counts among the 20 fastest-growing NUTS 2 regions in the EU.The Helsinki region has been growing fast for several decades. The population has quadrupled in comparison to the pre-war period and doubled since 1964. In the current decade, the regions population has grown by 160,000 persons, averaging 1.3% growth per year. Approximately 60% of the net growth derives from migration gains, most of which encompasses immigration from abroad, but in-country migration from other parts of Finland is represented, as well.Typical of metropolitan cities, the economic structure of the Helsinki region differs from the rest of the country. The region of Helsinki specialises in knowledge-intensive services in particular (such as information and financing services as well as professional, scientific and technical activity). The region accounts for 60 of the value added to such fields of operation across the entire country. The cities of Espoo, Helsinki and Vantaa and the Helsinki-Uusimaa Regional Council have jointly commissioned and published a study: Migrants and regional economy in Helsinki-Uusimaa, abstract in English pdf
As we wait for nature to turn green, you can stop by Winter Garden to enjoy the beauty of Easter lilies and tulips. A sure sign of spring in Helsinki is Easter markets in different parts of the city. On offer are daffodils, tulips, plants, design, organic eggs, chocolates, jewelry and much else.Most of the restaurants, museums, public saunas and sights are open on Easter. Tourist Information at Helsinki Railway Station is open daily from 10 to 16. Tourist Information at the airport is open daily from 10 to 18. See all Easter opening hours (pdf).Come and admire the Easter look of Winter Garden from Tuesday, 16 April, to Tuesday, 23 April. As were waiting for nature to turn green, you can stop by Winter Garden to marvel at the splendor of colours of Easter lilies and tulips.Visit Helsinki Zoo at Easter and help the Paju bunny to discover how to save Easter Island. The zoo animals will give you hints along your way that help save the whole world. Pick a free Easter Island map at the Mustikkamaa gate. The map will be your guide in the adventure. Complete the tasks shown on the map and youll be rewarded with a cool prize for the day!The Haltiala farm will hold an open house on 1921 April. The doors will be open from 1118 on all three days. The Haltiala farms ewes have new lambs that can be seen at Lampola.
Easter bonfires will be burning at the Seurasaari festive grounds on Easter Saturday. A smaller jesters bonfire will burn first, to be followed by the main Easter bonfire.The ecumenical Easter procession Via Crucis  the way of the Cross  sets out at 21 on Easter Saturday. The procession will proceed from the Kaisaniemi park to the Bank of Finland and further to the steps of Helsinki Cathedral, where the event culminates in the crucifixion of Jesus Christ. Via Crucis is based on a medieval tradition of the church. This years procession is the 24th organized in Helsinki. Last year the spectacle was attended by thousands of viewers.
Health StationsHealth stations are closed on Easter between 19th and 22nd April.Emergency services - tel. 116 117When local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services. Call 116 117 before you go to the emergency clinic. The service is open 24/7 and free of charge.24 h Telephone Health Service, Tel. 09 310 10023Information is provided about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call.In life-threatening emergencies  call 112In the event of a severe and life-threatening illness or accident situation at any time of the day, call 112 for help.Emergency dental care is back at the Haartman Hospital, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12. Appointments can be booked 8 - 21 at 09 471 71110. Night emergency duty is at Tl hospital emergency department, Tlnkatu 40, tel. 040 621 5699.Please always make an appointment by phone before seeking treatment for Emergency Dental Care.Social and health care services in Helsinki at EasterHelsinki Region Transport (HSL) public transport will operate to special timetables over the long Easter weekend, 18-22 April. In addition, tram route 7 will be diverted on Thursday evening 18 April and Friday evening 19 April due to the Via Crucis procession.HSL
"Following a year of development work, the lobby of the Helsinki City Hall Lobby opens today with a brand new concept. Henceforth, the lobby is a place for everyone who is interested in the City and its future.The renovated lobby can be used for many purposes, such as an office or a space for events, meetings and workshops. The happenings arranged in the lobby bring together the most interesting conversations in the City and presents the Citys internal development to the residents.The City Hall lobby is a showcase for modern Helsinki. Thanks to the renovation, it brings the most functional City in the world into a format that can be experienced. The realisation, which combines the history of the City with new planning gives life to the Helsinki City Strategy, says Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.In the future, the lobby is open on weekdays from 8 AM to 6 PM, but the opening hours may vary according to the events.The City Hall lobby is open to anyone who is interested in the future of the City, whether a resident, a community, a decision-maker or an employee of the City.The heart of the lobby is the event zone, the events of which anyone can come and watch. The event zone is suitable for happenings with around 100 participants and it can also be reserved for events. The eye-catcher of the lobby is the media wall, which caters to different kinds of happenings with varying contents.The first works on the media wall, Jesse Myllymkis ""Hengittv kaupunki"" (2019) and Anna Salmi's ""Helsinkiliset liikkuvat, opiskelevat, puhuvat ja kasvavat"" (2019), present the Citys open data by means of art. The interiors of the City Hall were designed by Aarno Ruusuvuori in 19651970. In the alteration work that has now been carried out in the lobby, attention has been paid to the architectural values and the conservation perspectives, as well as to the Citys brand image, which was created in 2017.The new lobby concept was created from a user perspective, by means of service design. The design partner of the project was design agency Kuudes Helsinki. Verstas Arkkitehdit, Suunnittelutoimisto Koko3 and Arkkitehdit Davidsson-Tarkela were in charge of the architectural design and interior design of the lobby. The concept for the digital content was administered by Lucid Helsinki. A new passage between the lobby and the restaurant was opened as part of the reconstruction. All the furniture and audio-visual equipment was replaced as well.The main contractor of the project was the City of Helsinkis Construction Services Stara, whose wood and metal section at the construction engineering unit also realised the fittings of the lobby.The original large artworks, Kimmo Kaivanto's Ketju (1971) and Rut Bryks relief Kaupunki auringossa (1975) were kept in the lobby. Also located in the lobby is Jorma Puranens photo artwork Where Compasses All Go Mad (2007). Ketju was also restored in connection to the renovation. Eino Ruutsalos Light Wall (1971) was transferred to the Helsinki Art Museum.More informationHelsinki City Hall, Pohjoisesplanadi 1113Lobby is open on weekdays from 8 AM to 6 PM.Lobby of the Helsinki City Hall "
The nature destinations of the Helsinki metropolitan area can be visited this year on a total of 130 nature tours. Information on these tours is compiled in the 2019 metropolitan Nature Calendar, which lists tours in the area from April through OctoberNovember. The tours start with migratory bird watching, and they will end by observing brown trout laying eggs at the Longinoja brook and by camping in Espoo as the days become shorter and shorter.The Helsinki metropolitan cities of Espoo, Helsinki, Kauniainen and Vantaa have organized free-of-charge, guided tours to nature for their citizens for more than 30 years. The Helsinki metropolitan nature is unbelievably versatile and amazing. The metropolitan area has splendid cultural and natural landscape with rich flora and fauna. The landscape hides many exciting stories.Physical activity in nature is good for the mind and the body. Nature tours are also occasions to meet other nature-minded people. Tours experienced together with others can be remembered fondly, and they provide a great deal of information to be used later on when going out to nature on ones own. Nature tours and park walks help new residents of the metropolitan area to familiarize themselves with their new home region.Many of the summer 2019 nature tours acquaint participants to buzzing and running insects. The tour guide will be equipped with an insect catcher.A new and excellent tool for the planning of do-it-yourself island tours will be provided by the Journey Planner of Helsinki Region Transport (HSL), which will include the timetables of ferries to the 26 islands with regular water transport services in the summer season. The islands departure piers will also be marked on Journey Planner. Please keep in mind that Harakka Island celebrates its 30th anniversary as an island open to visitors!The Nature Calendar also lists a large number of nature care communal projects. Participants are offered recreation, physical activity and good feeling.Close to 30,000 copies of the print calendar are available from the city libraries of Espoo, Helsinki, Kauniainen and Vantaa as well as from nature centres. The calendar is also available online (PDF). The most central place to obtain your copy in the Helsinki city centre is Helsinki Central Library Oodi.The guided tours are mainly in Finnish. Some tours are organized in Swedish, and one tour is in English. The tours are free of charge, but fees are charged for ferry rides. Some special tours require registration, but all others can be joined without registration. Anyone can join any tour regardless of their home city. Some tours are accessible. Participation requires no special fitness normal physical condition is sufficient.Metropolitan
Nature Calendar 2019Park walks in Helsinki in Finnish, Swedish and English can be found at https://vihreatsylit.fi/en/HSL Journey Planner
24 h Telephone Health Service, Tel.
09310 10023Information is provided about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call.In life-threatening emergencies  call
112In the event of a severe and life-threatening illness or accident situation at any time of the day, call 112 for help.Health Stations Health stations are closed on Easter between 19th and 22nd April.
Emergency services - tel. 116117When local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services.Call 116117 before you go to the emergency clinic. The service is open 24/7 and free of charge.Adults (over 16 years of age)Haartman Hospital and Emergency Room, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12 Malmi Hospital and Emergency Room, Talvelantie 6 J.When local health stations are closed, residents of Helsinki with serious illnesses and in urgent need for care can also go to the Jorvi Hospital emergency room in Espoo, Turuntie 150 or to the Peijas Hospital emergency room in Vantaa, Sairaalakatu 1, Vantaa.ChildrenNew Childrens Hospital, Stenbckinkatu 11. Emergency Dental CareEmergency dental care is back at the Haartman Hospital, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12. Appointments can be booked 8 - 21 at 09 471 71110. Night emergency duty is at Tl hospital emergency department, Tlnkatu 40, tel. 040 621 5699.Please always make an appointment by phone before seeking treatment for Emergency Dental Care.Emergency Social Services and Crisis
emergency support 24/7
Helen will build a heat pump in connection with the Vuosaari power plant, utilising the power plants own cooling water circulation and the heat of sea water as heat sources. A heat pump of this scale utilising the heat of the sea water is unique in Finland.Helen aims to reduce emissions from energy production and increase the amount of renewable energy. The company has recently invested especially in heat pumps and heat accumulators, and the new heat pump to be built in Vuosaari pursues the same objectives. What is novel in the Vuosaari solution is the utilisation of the heat of sea water  this has not been tested in Helsinki or, as far as we know, anywhere else in Finland until now. The heat pump will utilise thermal energy absorbed in sea water during the summer and the excess heat from the internal cooling water circulation in the Vuosaari power plants, turning it into district heat.The smart energy system and the district heating and cooling networks in Helsinki make it possible to combine new technologies and production methods in a flexible way. At Helen, heat pumps are seen as an important part of the future energy system: they are a natural way to utilise new heat sources in district heat production.The Katri Vala and the Esplanade heating and cooling plants have already been built in Helsinki. It is possible to produce the majority of the required district heat in the summer by recycling waste and excess heat. The Katri Vala heating and cooling plant is currently being extended with a new, sixth heat pump, and the Vuosaari heat pump will increase Helens recycled heat production even further.Read more:
Helen
Helen
The World Synchronized Skating Championships competition is held from Friday 12 April to Saturday 13 April at Helsinki Ice Hall.Finnish Pop Star Saara Aalto is starring the World Synchronized Skating Championships Opening Gala together with her Dancing On Ice partner Hamish Gaman.Saara and Hamish placed third at the UKs Dancing On Ice TV-show just a short while ago. The Opening Gala will take place on Friday 12 April at 4 p.m.Live stream will be available for a great number of countries. In Finland, whole event can be followed from Yle Areena.Friday, April 12Opening on Ice 4 pmShort Program 5 pm  8.24 pmSaturday, April 13Free Skating 1.45 pm  18.09 pmVictory ceremony will be held after the competitionRead more:
World Synchronized Skating Championships
In the parliamentary elections, voters may voteon election day, which is Sunday 14 April. Advance votingended 9 April. Voter may only vote for a person who stands as a candidate in the voter's own electoral district. This electoral district is stated on the polling card.The voter is obliged to present a proof of his or her identity. An official photo ID is required, such as a passport, an identity card or a driving licence. The election day is Sunday 14 April, and the polling stations will then be open between 9.00 and 20.00. On election day, voters may cast their votes only at the polling station specified on the polling card sent to them before the elections. View larger mapRead more:Parliamentary Elections Elections website of the Ministry of Justice 
The lobby of the Helsinki City Hall will open under an entirely new concept. Henceforth, the lobby is a place for everyone who is interested in the City and its future. The opening is celebrated on Tuesday 16 April from 10 AM to 5:30 PM. On the opening day, Mayor Jan Vapaavuori and Deputy Mayors Anni Sinnemki, Pia Pakarinen, Nasima Razmyar and Sanna Vesikansa are available for the visitors from 1 PM to 2 PM. Coffee and cake will be enjoyed from 12 Noon to 5 PM.The City Hall lobby was closed at the end of September 2018, when the renovation started. The renovation of the new lobby lasted about a year in total.The lobby has been made into a joint workspace for residents, visitors and City employees alike, in which the future of Helsinki is developed. The concept brings up the City brand and the City Strategy, as well as Helsinki's vision of being the most Functional City in the World.The new lobby concept has been developed by residents, City employees and interest groups. The architectural values and conservation perspectives have been paid attention to in the reconstruction works.After the opening day, the lobby will be open on weekdays from 8 AM to 6 PM. The opening hours may vary due to events.Detailed information about the new lobby concept will be published on the opening day.Further informationHelsinki City Hall, Pohjoisesplanadi 1113Lobby of the Helsinki City Hall
The local voice of the major districts in Helsinki was clear during the first period in the OmaStadi service and the OmaStadi Raksa workshops. The first period of participatory budgeting consisted of 4,604 participants, 839 proposals approved and 365 plans drafted.The fine-tuning phase of the participatory budgeting plans ended on 8 April. During spring, the City of Helsinki's experts evaluate the implementation of the plans. From 15 April to 14 June, the experts draft cost estimates for the plans that are active in the OmaStadi service.The people of Helsinki and the Citys experts worked together in the beginning of the year to develop the plans at local OmaStadi Raksa workshops and in the OmaStadi service on the Internet. The borough liaisons arranged several events and meetings, where support was offered in order to make the plans realisable. Employing the methods of participatory budgeting has created a new kind of culture of doing together in Helsinki, which makes use of the citizens own know-how. The professional skills of the City's experts complements the process as well. The best moments were the ones during which the citizens and the experts were excitedly considering the proposals together. This way, the proposals have surely become plans that are significant to the citizens, says Kirsi Verkka, Development Manager of Participation and Citizen Information at the Helsinki City Executive Office.Participatory budgeting is a long-term processIn the OmaStadi service, it was possible to submit own proposals for improving the residential satisfaction until the beginning of December. The people of Helsinki submitted 1,273 proposals before the deadline. Popular themes were community centres, cultural projects, sports facilities and environmental matters. In February, there were local OmaStadi Raksa workshops arranged in all major districts in Helsinki, as well as one joint workshop for the entire City.The plans will be put up for vote for the people of Helsinki during the upcoming autumn. After the voting, the most successful plans will be realised by the City of Helsinki during 2020.Every year Helsinki allocates  4.4 million of its budget, and the citizens can participate in deciding how this money will be spent. Each major district of Helsinki has been assigned its own budget, and the plans can be realised according to them. The funds have been distributed in relation to the populations of the major districts.#omastadi #participatorybudgetingFurther reading:OmaStadi serviceParticipatory BudgetingBorough Liaisons 
The Malmi centre is a beloved and important place for the local residents. The future of the Malmi centre attracted a great deal of feedback in an online survey. The survey results are on display at Malmi House until 18 April, and ideas are gathered from residents in a meeting on 11 April held at Malmi House.The survey was organized in late 2018 to serve as a basis of zoning. The survey, implemented on a map, was taken by 1,155 residents, and messages posted on the map numbered nearly 6,800.The Malmi Station area and the area between the Yl-Malmi and Ala-Malmi market squares are a pulsating core of the neighbourhood, which encouraged respondents to give both positive and negative feedback.The respondents appreciated the current good public transport connections and services of Malmi. They asked for improvements in local cleanliness and safety. They envisioned the future Malmi as a pleasant, clean and green place  a versatile, lively and beautiful centre for all citizens of Helsinki, says architect Antti Mentula, thanking all respondents.The survey results are on display at Malmi House until 18 April. The Malmi planners can be met at a meeting at Malmi House on 11 April, starting at 17:30. The survey results are discussed by residents in groups, and the views put forth are compiled.The planners will also be on hand at the Malmi Day event on Saturday, 18 April, to talk about the survey and how plans have proceeded over the winter months.Survey respondents were invited to join a group to brainstorm about the planning. Among other questions, the group envisions the future of the Malmi centre with the planners.
There were more than 80 candidates for the group, and we could include 15 of them, says interaction planner Tiina Antila-Lehtonen. The participants comprise a diverse group of residents of Malmi and neighbouring areas.
  A new video on waste sorting, entitled Thank you for sorting your waste, is primarily targeted at newcomers to Finland and residents of the Helsinki metropolitan area learning about waste sorting. But the video also serves as a useful reminder of the rules of waste sorting to all others.The video is an easily understood information package, in which video, audio and subtitles support each other. The video shows where waste is produced in households and the correct treatment of waste: for example, it shows what types of waste are produced in the kitchen and in what container each type of waste belongs. Thank you for sorting your waste illustrates how correctly sorted and recycled waste is turned into new products.The video was produced by Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority HSY and the Helsinki rental housing company Heka.The goal of the producers was to ensure that waste finds its right place and that people pay more attention to waste sorting. Waste sorting affects living comfort and the cost of housing, but above all correct sorting protects the environment.The video is available in five language versions: Finnish, English, Arabic, Russian and Somali.The waste sorting stations of Heka apartment buildings have containers for different types of waste: mixed waste, biowaste, cardboard, paper, glass and small metal items. In addition, almost all Heka properties have a container for plastic packaging materials. The containers for the different types of waste are distinguished by signs and identifying colours, says Hekas environmental expert Marika Nyyssnen.The video was planned in cooperation with foreign-born residents in order that it would resonate with the target groups and be easily understood by them, says HSY team leader Leena Mikkonen-Young.Read more:HSY waste
sorting and recycling guide
Every year, the City of Helsinki supports sports associations with grants adding up to approximately 8 million euros. At its meeting on 2 April 2019, the Culture and Leisure Committees Sport Sub-committee decided on the distribution of operating and facility use grants and other grants for associations that promote physical activity for the current year.The Sport Sub-committee decided to issue a total of 2,000,000 euros in operating grants to 294 sports associations and 28 pensioner and special association sports groups. A total of 1,950,651 euros is granted to sports associations, and 49,349 euros to pensioner and special groups. The largest operating grants are awarded to HJK ry, Tapanilan Er ry, ErViikingit ry, Helsinki YMCA (HNMKY ry), Pallo-Pojat Juniorit ry, the Voimisteluseura Helsinki ry, Helsingfors Simsllskap r.f, FC Kontu It-Helsinki ry, and Puistolan Urheilijat ry. The largest operating grant of 90,000 euros is awarded to HJK ry. An operating grant is a general grant for the operations of the association. Sports activities for children and young people are emphasised when awarding the grants.The Sport Sub-committee decided to issue a total of 4,585,000 euros in facility usage grants to 232 sports associations and 21 pensioner and special association sports groups. Of this sum, a total of 4,517,067 euros was awarded to sports associations, and 67,933 euros to pensioner and special association sports groups. The largest facility usage grants of over 100,000 euros were granted to HVSTennis ry, Tapanilan Er ry, Helsinki YMCA (HNMKY ry), Smash ry, HJK ry, Puistolan Urheilijat ry, ErViikingit ry, and Voimisteluseura Helsinki ry.Earlier this spring, the Sport Sub-committee has already apportioned a case-specific subsidy of 950,000 euros in the Clearing system for supporting the ice time of ice hockey and figure skating juniors in associations that receive grants, and due to the closing of the Pirkkola ice stadiums, an additional grant of 300,000 euros through the Clearing system to figure skating, ice hockey, and ringette juniors. (Sport Sub-committee, 24 Jan 2019, item 3.)In addition to the operating and facility usage grants, the Sport Sub-committee of the Culture and Leisure Committee decided to award a total of 92,600 euros in grants to other associations that promote physical activity. These grants were awarded to a total of 13 sports associations carrying out circus, capoeira, yoga, parkour, and Asian martial arts, among others. The largest grants were awarded to Circus Helsinki Association ry (34,000 euros), Linnanmen Sirkuskoulun kannatusyhdistys ry (25,000 euros), and Parkour Oppimiskeskus ry (18,000 euros). These associations had the highest numbers of active junior members. The grants are awarded on a discretionary basis, and operations for children and young people are emphasised.It is important for the city to support and enable association operations that lean heavily on volunteer operations, says acting sports director of Helsinki Petteri Huurre. Associations play an essential role in offering sports hobbies. The associations that receive the grants in Helsinki offer approximately 100 different kinds of sports, and they involve over 100,000 people every year. Offering such a range of sports opportunities to people in Helsinki would not be possible without associations.
During the term of office of the next national government, the Finnish social services and health care system needs to be developed in a controlled manner, step by step and accounting for individual differences between cities and municipalities. Reforms need to be made primarily in view of the needs of residents and clients. This is best done by keeping the responsibility for producing social and health services with the municipalities or federations of municipalities.Focus on the client when reforming social services and health careDuring the term of office of the next national government, the Finnish social services and health care system needs to be developed in a controlled manner, step by step and accounting for individual differences between cities and municipalities. Reforms need to be made primarily in view of the needs of residents and clients. This is best done by keeping the responsibility for producing social and health services with the municipalities or federations of municipalities.Focus on the client when reforming social services and health careAccording to the C21 cities, improving the local public services will require focus on renewing precisely the social and health care services without making extensive administrative arrangements that impact on other sectors as well.In this reform work, the service wholes need to be seen in a broader context. Measures also need to account for  besides the social and health care services  the other public services that municipalities are to provide, such as early childhood education, basic education and pupil welfare, as well as sports and youth services. The extensive autonomy and the general undivided powers of municipalities and cities provide the best opportunities to focus on the management of multi-sectoral wholes. A municipality-based model also gives the best opportunities to respond to those multiple social challenges that require close cooperation across all sector borders in the municipality.Controlled step-by-step developmentThe C21 cities feel it is imperative to continue assembling the responsibility for provision of social and health care services under larger wholes. A vital goal for the reform needs to be to ensure the availability of the services, improve quality and equality in the services, and keep rising costs under control.In many places already, responsibility for service provision has been or begun to be assembled under larger wholes such as federations of municipalities. This self-initiated work, which also takes local strengths and development needs into account, can be continued at once even under the current legislation, and needs to be encouraged. In funding, too, the varying needs and differences in health and welfare of the population need to be addressed. In this respect, the government grant system needs to be renewed. The goals of this renewal, such as staying in control of rising costs, also require that the work of municipality federations be developed by, for example, strengthening the administrative and contract-based management, and that legislative criteria are set for the quality, accessibility and effectiveness of services.By drawing on the development work already done in cities and municipalities and  whenever possible  in provinces, steps can be taken quickly towards goals of national importance, too. In the view of the cities, the best and client-oriented solutions do not require the building up of a new, complex and aloof administration level. The C21 city network includes, besides Helsinki, the cities of Espoo, Tampere, Vantaa, Oulu, Turku, Jyvskyl, Lahti, Kuopio, Kouvola, Pori, Joensuu, Lappeenranta, Hmeenlinna, Vaasa, Rovaniemi, Seinjoki, Mikkeli, Kotka, Salo and Porvoo. This permanent network strengthens Finnish urban policy debate and the interest advocacy of the cities.
Maintenance work will be undertaken on the website Hel.fi on Friday,April 5, 2019. The webservice may have short breaksfrom 5pm to 12 midnight.A static copy from the preceding night will be displayed during the breaks.We apologise for any inconveniences caused by the break.
The City of Helsinki Social Services and Health Care Division has completed the tendering of the operations of Helsingin Matkapalvelu. The new operating period started on Monday 1 April. The change will result in some minor amendments to client instructions.The aim of the completed tendering process is to improve the quality of service provided to clients. From the start of April onwards, some transport service providers with existing contracts will continue their operations as normal, but transport services will also be provided by several new service providers. The new contract will gradually increase the number of cars included in the service.The new contract includes stricter requirements for drivers in regard to Finnish or Swedish language skills. All new drivers have been provided with service training and are aware of the operating principles of transport services. Despite preparations, some delays and irregularities have occurred at the start of the new operating period. However, the quality of the service is being actively monitored and any deficiencies will be addressed without delay. Clients are being informed of the changes with a client letter and a news post. Information about the change will also be distributed via social media channels.Further information about the change and up-to-date client instructions for the transport service are available on the Helsingin Matkapalvelu website. (in Finnish).Key changes to clientsAs of 1 April, wheelchair-accessible taxis will arrive within half an hour (30 minutes) of being ordered.The client may be accompanied by an assistant, a partner and their children under the age of 12.Going forward, clients will be able to pay the excess fee of their trip with debit and credits cards available in Finland as well as with cash. All cars will be outfitted with payment terminals and contactless payment capacity by autumn 2019. Going forward, clients will be able to order trips by phone, e-mail, SMS or the chat service. Internet ordering is being discontinued due to low usage.Helsingin Matkapalvelu signs will be removed from cars. Going forward, the cars will display a blue sign with the car number in black.The excess fees for transport services will change on 28 April to correspond to HSLs ticket prices. The excess fees associated with transport fees can be viewed atwww.helsinginmatkapalvelu.fi (in Finnish and Swedish) For updated information (in Finnish), visit Helsingin Matkapalvelu.
International House Helsinki (IHH), offering services to international newcomers, will open its doors to new facilities on 3 April. Following the removal, IHH will offer more services. From now on, IHH's office will be located in the new premises of the Helsinki Unit of the Local Register Office of Uusimaa at Lintulahdenkuja 2 in Srninen. IHH is open on weekdays from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.The International House Helsinki services, which were launched in December 2017, registered more than 31,000 customer contacts in their first year of operation. Furthermore, almost an equal number of other customers were given advice. International House Helsinki plays an important role in advising international professionals coming to the area as well as the businesses and employers hiring them. Swift and extensive immigration and integration services are a significant factor that makes the Helsinki region more attractive and enhances our success in the ever-tougher international competition for the best experts and investments, describes Marja-Leena Rinkineva, Helsinkis Director of Economic Development. With the establishment of IHH, the availability of services for immigrants in the Helsinki metropolitan area has improved and authority processes have become smoother. Thanks to the services, it has been faster and easier for newcomers to establish themselves and start working in the area. For instance, obtaining a personal identity code has been expedited by over two weeks. IHH issues a Finnish identity code to an employee and gives other initial advice and authority services quickly and without hassle with only one visit, says Elina Nurmi, Project Manager at the Economic Development of the City Executive Office.IHH provides personal services to all international newcomers in the Helsinki metropolitan area. Furthermore, IHH serves companies and employers when it comes to questions concerning foreign labour force and the recruitment of it. The customers have been satisfied with the services offered.The most recent customer satisfaction survey proves that the services of International House Helsinki are seen as smooth and of a high quality. Special thanks have been given to the short waiting times. The services have also been applauded by the companies, whose international recruitments have been substantially simplified, reveals Nurmi.IHH provides the bulk of initial advice and authority services needed by immigrants, all under one roof. After the move, more services will be offered, as the Finnish Immigration Service and the City of Espoo join the IHH co-operation as new partners. The others taking part in IHHs activities are the City of Helsinki, the Local Register Office of Uusimaa, the Finnish Tax Administration, Kela, the Uusimaa TE Office, the Finnish Centre for Pensions, the Helsinki Region Chamber of Commerce and the Central Organisation of Finnish Trade Unions SAK. From now on, IHH customers can also obtain advice about the services of the City of Espoo and as EU citizens register their right of residence at the service point. For the registration of your right of residence, you can book an appointment at the web-site migri.fi.More informationInternational House Helsinki
  The City of Helsinki and Mayor Jan Vapaavuori organisean discussion eventon the role and significance of the cities as the solvers of the biggest challenges of our time Wednesday, 3 April from 12:00 to 17:30.You can follow the seminar at Helsinki-kanava. Social media hashtag is #Helsinkisymposium.
During the afternoon speakers include the author and the New Yorker lifestyle columnist David
Owen, Domestic Urban Tops Emma Term and Damiano Cerrone, New York Commissioner for International Affairs Penny Abeywardena and Casper
von Koskull, CEO of Nordea and Jari Niemel, rector of University of Helsinki.Our 2019 Helsinki Symposium publication speaks of the role of the cities, and especially of those measures that the cities, as precursors in the combat against climate change and in the implementation of sustainable development, are expected to go through with. Foreword in English, publication(.pdf).Read more:ProgramSustainable development in Helsinki becomes concreteHelsinki-kanavaPhotos by Kimmo Brandt.
"Messukeskus is having 1,589 solar panels installed on the roof of its property, and they will annually produce about 445 MWh in energy. A designated panel is an effortless way of becoming a solar energy producer: by renting a solar panel anyone can use renewable solar energy without having to have panels on one's own roof. The Messukeskus solar panels are sold as designated panels for a monthly charge of EUR 4.40. The electricity generated by the customer's designated panel is credited in the electricity bill. The panel may be integrated in any Helen electricity contract, which may include one or more designated panels. The output of a single panel is 315 watts. The billing will commence when the panels are in production in August-September.Helen has worked consistently to increase renewable solar power in Finland. The Suvilahti solar plant, built by Helen in winter 2015, was Finland's largest on completion, and the rentable solar panels installed on its roof sold out in no time. The solar plant built on the roof of the Kivikko Ski Hall in 2016 was more than twice the size of the Suvilahti plant. Helen's solar plants exceed the incredible limit of two megawatts, reaching the top end also on the Nordic scale.When the Messukeskus solar plant is completed, it will increase the solar electricity capacity connected to the Helsinki network by 11%. The volume of solar electricity is constantly growing in Helsinki: production has already doubled in two consecutive years. In January 2019, 6,075 kWp of solar power output was installed in Helsinki, with solar power producers already numbering 300.""There is a clear demand for solar power. Under the designated panel scheme anyone can easily become a solar power producer without initial outlay. We are continuing to invest in solar energy in line with demand,"" says Riku Kuikka, Product Group Manager from Helen.Read more:Helen"
  The population of Helsinki was 648,042 at the turn of the year 2018/2019. The population grew by 4,770 inhabitants, or 0.7 per cent, during the year 2018. The population growth in Helsinki has slowed down and it was 3,300 persons less than in 2017, which was a year of exceptional growth. After the year 2013, the population growth trend has been descending in Helsinki.The biggest reason for the slowing down is the increase in the number of persons who were removed from the population statistics of Helsinki because they were registered in Helsinki, but had been missing for long. The number of babies born in the capital kept decreasing as well. The number has decreased steadily since 2015. The migration to other municipalities grew substantially last year, too. Construction has increased remarkably in Espoo and Vantaa during the last few years. Record-breaking
growth in VantaaThe population growth in the rest of the capital region was 9,718 persons. That was 1,344 persons more than the year before, because the growth particularly in Vantaa was exceptional, 5,139 inhabitants. The last time Vantaa has grown more than this was in 1975. The population growth of Helsinki started slowing down in autumn last year. In JanuaryFebruary 2019, the population growth in Helsinki was just less than 200 persons, while Espoo and Vantaa both grew by a thousand inhabitants during the same period.The
number of children in early childhood education age no longer growing in
HelsinkiThe growth in the age group for children in early childhood education age, i.e. children aged between 1 and 6 years, has continued to slow down and in 2018, the growth was just 17 children. The growth in the number of children in comprehensive school age, i.e. children aged between 7 and 15 years, was still considerable, 1,570 persons. The working-age population, i.e. persons aged between 18 and 64 years, grew less than the previous year, by 1,650 persons. The number of inhabitants of the capital aged over 65 years grew by less than 2,000 persons last year and the number of persons aged over 75 by around 1,400 persons.The number of Finnish-speaking inhabitants of Helsinki grew by around 1,200 persons last year and the number of Swedish-speaking inhabitants by less than 200 persons. The growth in the number of foreign-language speakers was a little more than 3,500 person and their share of the population is now 15.7 per cent. The numbers are based on Statistics Finland's statistics on population structure, published on 29 March 2019.Population
of Helsinki and compared areas at the turn of the year 2018/2019 and population
change in 2017 and 201831 December 2018Change 2017Change 2018Helsinki648,0428,0914,770Espoo283,6324,4614,588Vantaa228,1663,6865,139Kauniainen9,615227-9Capital Region1,169,45516,46514,488Outer Helsinki Region322,3902,0112,262Helsinki region tot.1,491,84518,47616,750Other parts of Finland4,026,074-8,643-11,961Entire country5,517,9199,8334,789 Table data source: Statistics Finland
  Continuity in metropolitan policy is emphasized in the objectives for the new Government Programme approved by the Helsinki Region Cooperation Assembly, the cooperation body of the regions 14 municipalities, at the Assembly meeting of 28 March 2019. The metropolitan policy is a policy to solve special issues of the Helsinki Region and to strengthen the competitiveness of the region and Finland as a whole. Systematic planning of land use, housing and transport is of crucial importance for the development of the Helsinki Region.The shared objectives of the 14 municipalities and cities of the Helsinki Region for the new Government Programme are based on the metropolitan policy for the entire region. The new Finnish Government must commit itself to the development of the Helsinki Region. Key aspects in this regard include inputs and investments into the development of transport in this growing region. A systematic metropolitan policy ensures sustainable growth in the entire region. The region should be developed into an innovation and competence hub, and the regions opportunities to create new jobs should be strengthened. This supports the competitiveness of the whole country. The metropolitan policy must also ensure sufficient placement in education and training, strengthen integration and provide opportunities to develop public transport, states Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori, Chairman of the Helsinki Region Cooperation Assembly.
The Helsinki Region Cooperation Assembly approved the MAL 2019 plan of the 14 municipalities and cities  that is, the plan for land use, housing and transport  in terms of land use and housing and decided to pass the plan on to municipalities for approval. Before approval, the plan was amended with a number of alterations approved by the Assembly meeting. The plan comprises regional activities in land use, housing and transport by 2030 and by 2050. The Executive Board of the Helsinki Region Transport (HSL) municipal authority approved the transport content of the MAL 2019 plan at a meeting for its member municipalities on 26 March 2019. Those municipalities of the region that are not HSL members will approve the transport content of the MAL 2019 plan on municipal basis as the plan is forwarded to them by the KUUMA Executive Board of the regions 10 KUUMA municipalities.The MAL agreement of the Helsinki Region municipalities and the Finnish State for 20162019 states that the region will continue shared planning of land use, housing and transport on the basis of previous plans. The MAL 2019 plan is based on the projection that the population of the Helsinki Region will be 2 million and the region will have 1.05 million jobs in 2050. The region should continue to be developed ambitiously as a healthy and appealing region for citizens, workforce and investments.Planning in the region should be committed to the goal of improving the availability of workforce by 10 percent or more from the current level to 2030. Another goal of planning is to mitigate social divergence among residential areas. A binding goal with planning is to cut emissions from transport in the Helsinki Region by no less than 50 percent from 2005 to 2030.The criteria used in the evaluation of planning solutions include those related to housing production. No less than 90 percent of housing production should take place in land use zones prioritized in regional development. The share of sustainable modes of transport such as walking, cycling and public transport should be no less than 70 percent of all journeys, and no less than 85 percent of the population should live in sustainable transport zones.The Helsinki Region Cooperation Assembly is a cooperation
body comprising the leading elected officials of the Helsinki Regions 14
municipalities. The cooperation embraces the cities of the Helsinki
Metropolitan Area (Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Kauniainen) and the KUUMA
municipalities (Jrvenp,
Nurmijrvi, Tuusula, Kerava, Mntsl, Pornainen, Hyvink, Kirkkonummi, Vihti
and Sipoo). The Helsinki Region
Cooperation Assembly is chaired by the Mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori. The
Assemblys First Vice Chair is the Chairman of the Vihti Municipal Council Eerikki
Viljanen and Second Vice Chair is the Chairman of the Espoo City Council Jyrki
Kasvi.Read more:Helsinki
Region Cooperation AssemblyHelsinki
Region Cooperation Assemblys objectives for Government Programme (PDF, in Finnish)MAL
2019: Land use, housing and transport in Helsinki Region (PDF, in Finnish)
  Customer satisfaction with Helsinki Region public transport services remained high in 2018. The region ranked second, after Geneva in first place, in the BEST survey (Benchmarking in European Service of Public Transport) of eight European cities and regions. According to the 2018 BEST survey, 75 percent of citizens in the area served by Helsinki Region Transport (HSL) reported satisfaction with their public transport services. In Geneva, which topped the ranking for the fourth consecutive year, 83 percent of citizens were satisfied with public transport.HSLs service area topped many of the scales of the BEST survey. For example, citizen willingness to recommend public transport was markedly higher in the Helsinki Region than elsewhere. Customer satisfaction with the reliability of services and passenger comfort were the highest in the Helsinki Region.The survey respondents evaluated their public transport services by 10 criteria. Citizens in the HSL service area reported higher satisfaction than in previous surveys with disruption information and the value for money. HSL customers were also more satisfied with the quality of the public transport fleet than in the previous survey conducted in 2017.Satisfaction among HSL customers was improved by the HSL app, improved disruption information and cuts in mobile ticket prices at the beginning of the year.The reforms carried out by HSL in 2018 were among the factors that improved customer satisfaction, confirms Sini Puntanen, Director of Transport System and Research Department at HSL. Our customers have also noted the increasingly modern and environmentally friendly fleet serving the HSL area.Although HSL ranked high in the BEST survey, the overall satisfaction of citizens with public transport in the HSL service area declined by 3 percentage points from 2017. Customers were more dissatisfied with the reliability of public transport and travel times. Respondents in Espoo were the most critical of all in the HSL service area. Their dissatisfaction reflects the extension of the Metro to Espoo and especially the switch to feeder services in South Espoo.In addition to the HSL service area and Geneva, the 2018 BEST survey comprised Bergen, Copenhagen, Oslo, Trondheim, Rotterdam and Stockholm. The HSL survey was taken by approximately 2,100 citizens representing all HSL member municipalities.See
news report on HSL website
  The pricing of public transport tickets in the HSL area will fundamentally change on 27 April when the old fare zones based on municipal boundaries are replaced by the new zones. Internal, regional and extended regional tickets will become a thing of the past and instead, tickets will be purchased for zones A, B, C and D.
Passengers need to buy a ticket for all the zones they travel through. In zones A, B and C, you need to buy an AB, BC or ABC ticket, as there are no one-zone tickets for zones A, B and C. There are one-zone tickets for zone D. The ticket costs the same as AB and BC tickets. There are also ABCD, BC, BCD and CD tickets.The new zones will facilitate the use of services in the neighboring municipality, as the high price gaps between municipalities are removed. The new tickets will cover much wider areas and the transfer times of single and value tickets will be longer than at present, says HSL Executive Director Suvi Rihtniemi.When you search for a route using the Journey Planner or the HSL app, they also tell you which ticket you need for your journey. On the app, you can buy a ticket for the selected route. At stops, the zone is shown on stop signs. When the new zones are introduced, the card reader user interface will change and the reader will only display the ticket options available in your current location.Season tickets that expire after 27 April will be automatically converted into zone tickets. If the new season ticket does not meet your travel needs, you can change your ticket at a service point within two months from the introduction of the new system.This is how tickets will be converted:You must replace your green Travel Card with a new blue HSL card or switch to the HSL app before 27 April. The green cards cannot be used for travel under the new zone system. You can replace your card free of charge until the changeover to the new system. After that, a processing fee of 6 euros will be charged. The transport costs of many passengers using regional tickets will decrease, because in many cases, an AB or BC season ticket will be enough for them in the future. Many passengers will benefit from the reform as the B zone is large: over 600,000 people, about half of HSL area residents, live within the zone. In the case of passengers using an ABC ticket, the price will remain nearly the same a 30-day ABC season ticket will cost one euro more than the current regional ticket. The discount criteria for pensioner and disabled discounts will remain unchanged, but the discount rates will be harmonized so that the discount is 50 per cent for all. The age limit for child tickets will be extended to 17 years.In the new fare system, the age limit of 30 years for receiving student discount and requirement of a student allowance will be removed. In the future, students will get a 45 per cent discount on season tickets. The discount will no longer apply to value tickets.SMS tickets will be withdrawn on 27 April. The ticket overlaps with the single tickets sold on the HSL app.Tram tickets will also be withdrawn. All short journeys will cost the same in all zones and on all modes of transport.More information:HSLNew zonesHSL ap
The Senate Square section of Hallituskatu will turn into a pedestrian zone and more parking space will be reserved for tour buses in the streets nearby to add to the areas comfort and to make it safer for pedestrians. The addition of parking space aims at reducing prohibited parking of buses in the Senate Square area. The traffic arrangements will enter into force on 1 April and be in effect until the end of October. The tour buses will be allotted parking spaces on the Aleksanterinkatu edge of the Senate Square. The paid parking for private cars will have to yield to parking reserved for tour vehicles.Parking spaces for tour buses will also be added in Unioninkatu, Kirkkokatu and Rauhankatu. Simultaneously, the Rauhankatu section between Unioninkatu and Snellmaninkatu will turn into a one-way street, where driving eastwards will be permitted, i.e. from Unioninkatu towards Snellmaninkatu. The addition of parking spaces for tour buses is a continuation of a trial that began in the summer of 2018. Whether the parking arrangements are to become standard summer procedure will be considered when the lessons of the trial periods have been analysed.A compilation of information about the traffic arrangements for tour vehicles can be found on the citys website at hel.fi/parking.
Read more:Map of the traffic arrangements in the Senate Square areaInformation about facilities for tour bus parking in HelsinkiThe
most functional city in the world  The Helsinki City Strategy 20172021
provides the guidelines for the future of Helsinki. The strategy is implemented
in key projects, one of which concerns an expansion of the central pedestrian
zone and the prerequisites for an underground collector road. The changes in
the parking arrangements for tourist traffic on the Senate Square constitute
one part of the solutions assessed in the project.
The spring is soon here  and so are city bikes along with it! The installation of city bike stations is well underway, as the new season starts at the beginning of April in Helsinki and Espoo. There will be 150 bike stations in Helsinki and 107 stations in Espoo in April. The Espoo system will expand by two stations. In Helsinki, the system will expand significantly in May when 88 new stations will open, mainly in northern and eastern parts of Helsinki. After the expansion, there will be about 345 stations and 3,450 bikes in Helsinki and Espoo.In Helsinki, the new bike stations will be opened one by one as the stations are installed. You can follow the opening of the stations in real-time via the HSL city bike website. Bike stations that are not yet in use are shown on the map in grey. The icon of bike stations in use is yellow. The number of bikes available is shown on the top corner of the icon.The opening of the Etelinen Hesperiankatu and Veturitori stations will be delayed due to construction works.You can register for the full season online at kaupunkipyrt.hsl.fi from Monday 18 March. If you are a former customer, log into the city bike website to renew your season pass with just a few clicks. New customers need to create an HSL account and enter their payment card details. Returning customers are advised to check that their payment card details are correct on their personal city bike page.After the last season, most customers have already replaced their green Travel Cards with blue HSL cards because of the new fare zone system set to be introduced on 27 April. If you have used city bikes with your Travel Card instead of the cyclist ID and have replaced your Travel Card with a new HSL card, you must log into the city bike website and order a new cyclist ID. You can then replace your new cyclist ID with your HSL card. Instructions are available on the city bike website.City bike service in Vantaa will start on 3 June. There will be 1,000 bikes and about 100 city bike stations. The stations will be located in Tikkurila, Aviapolis, Myyrmki, Kivist and Koivukyl.The bikes can be picked up and returned using the HSL card and a mobile app. The Vantaa system is not compatible with the system in Helsinki and Espoo and you cannot mix bikes from the two systems.Registration for the full season, for a week or for a day will be available at the HSL city bike website. All passes allow unlimited up to 30-minute bike rides, just like in Helsinki and Espoo. In addition, the mobile app will allow customers to pay for single rides. The use of Vantaa city bikes is not included in the season pass for Helsinki or Espoo city bikes.City bike stations in Helsinki and Espoo in 2019
This year, HSYs collection vehicles tour in the Helsinkifrom 1 April. You can bring domestic hazardous waste, electronic devices and scrap metal to the vehicles free of charge.Hazardous waste includes energy-saving light bulbs, paint, solvents, cleaning chemicals and batteries. The collection vehicles will not accept impregnated wood, explosives or asbestos.Metal scrap includes items such as bicycles, metal containers and metal cans. A great number of electronic devices are taken to companies reception stations. Any medicine should be returned to pharmacies.Give your items to the collection vehicle staff only, placing each type of waste in its own vehicle. You can recognise staff members from the HSY safety vest. Environmental advisors travelling with the vehicles help you to follow the sorting instructions.The city-specific stops and timetables of the collection vehicles are available on the HSY website. Check the HSY website to read the waste sorting instructions and collection vehicle information on a map.Read more:
  According to a recent security study, the people of Helsinki feel that their housing area, city centre and means of transport are safer than ever before.The City of Helsinki has monitored the development of the sense of security experienced by its population with a survey every three years ever since 2003. The latest survey round was organised in late 2018 and the results of the first analyses of the research material have now been completed. Own
housing area safe even during weekend eveningsOver 80 per cent of the respondents thought that their own housing area feels safe late in the weekends. This evaluation has improved compared to the survey round three years ago by 3.5 per cent units. Especially foreign-language speakers feel that their own housing area is safer than at the time of the previous study. In the city centre, the sense of security was experienced as slightly lower than in the respondents' own housing area. 65 per cent answered that the city centre is also safe during late weekend evenings. Both in the city centre and in different kinds of public transport vehicles, the sense of security was now experienced as better than in the previous survey.
Two
kinds of evaluations of the security development of the last few years Even though the evaluations of the security had generally improved, part of the respondents did feel that the general security situation in Helsinki had deteriorated during the last few years. A little less than 40 per cent felt that the security situation had remained unchanged, while 25 per cent thought that it had worsened and only 15 per cent that it had improved. The seemingly conflicting evaluation may be explained by the fact that the respondents own sense of security is based on things seen or experienced in everyday life, while their views on the general security situation may also be affected by risks and uncertainties discussed, for example, in the media.The general security situation was deemed very good at the time of answering. As many as 92 per cent of all respondents felt that the general security situation in Helsinki is good or decent. The
response rate of the security survey was highThe response rate of the security survey was 54 per cent of the chosen sample of Helsinki residents aged 1579, or 4,155 persons (the response rate for the Finnish and Swedish speaking original population was 58 per cent and that of the foreign-language speakers 45 per cent). Even though almost half of those chosen for the sample did not answer, the response rate was still exceptionally high according to the current trend in surveys. The City continues to analyse the vast research material and additional results will be published during spring in the Kvartti webzine. Publication: Vesa Keskinen and Eija Pyyhti: Turvallisuustutkimus: Helsinkilisten
turvallisuuden tunne on kohentunut. Article in the Kvartti webzine, link to the article (only in Finnish)
Organized already for the fifth time, the Easter Market on saturday 13.4. is full of festive flavors, chocolates and design from flowers to kitchenware. The animal yard offers things to do for the whole family and at the election square you can follow some last-minute debates!The Easter Market is going to be visible all over the premises of Teurastamo. Its a casual event with spring vibes, where you can meet people, eat, get inspired and of course do some shopping.A special addition in this years event are the animal yard and the election square! At the animal yard you can admire and pet animals like alpacas, mini-sheep and bunnies. The smaller visitors have a chance to hop on a pony ride and families can enjoy a horse carriage. Instead, at the election square the last campaign juices are being squeezed out of the parties  on the eve of the election day!The Delicacy-market is a series of seasonal events. On Easter, the theme is spring celebration, summer is about enjoying barbeque treats in the garden, in autumn well be enjoying the harvest and on Christmas the market is going to be preparing you for the big holiday! On the delicacy market you can get flavors to your plate from near and far, get ideas for the kitchen and inspiration for the table setting, and of course you can also eat!Delicacy market  Easter delicacies and ideas from one place, Kellohalli. Animal yard  Ponies, horse carriage, bunnies, alpacas and miniature sheep.Chocolates  Traditional artisan chocolate sales event at Flavor Studio. Including Gag, Chjoko, Mayra and Petris Chokolade Room. Dish flea market  Bring treasures for sale or come to make new findings!Yard market  Market square feeling, sale stalls and street food. Election square  On the eve of the election day the parties present themselves at their own event. Teurastamos restaurants  The restaurants at the area are open!Schedule:Delicacy market, Yard market, Chocolates and Dish flea market 10 - 17Animal yard 11 - 15Election square 11 - 16Teurastamo restaurants (Check the opening hours at teurastamo.com)Teurastamo Delicacy market / EasterSat 13.4. from 10 - 17 Teurastamo, Typajankatu 2, 00580 HkiFree admissionMore information can be found at the events site on
facebook and Teurastamo's website.The vendors can be found on facebook and Teurastamos website, where the information is being updated.
  The worlds largest climate event, the WWF Earth Hour, sends a light signal for the climate on 30 March from 8:30 PM to 9:30 PM. Where do you turn off the lights? The Helsinki City Hall goes dark, the City Theatre turns off its facade lighting and the Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority HSY turns off, for example, the facade lighting at the Viikinmki wastewater treatment plant. The lighting of the Roihuvuori water tower will be turned off on 29 March for the entire weekend.Everyone can participate, for example by enjoying a candlelight dinner or by playing the My2050 adventure game about climate change. Climate action can also be taken by signing the Ilmastoveivi2019 petition.Port of Helsinki turns off light masts in South Harbour and the Vuosaari Harbour.At sport hall indoor swimming pools, the Earth Hour event moment varies, but a light signal for the climate is sent from every pool on Saturday 30 March. The lights are turned off both in the pool areas and in the lobbies and at many swimming pools, the swimming happens in candlelight. The 100-year-old Helsinki Central Station and the stone men express their concern over the climate change and turn off their lanterns. The clock tower lighting and the stations facade lighting will also be switched off as part of the event. Many hotels in Helsinki turn off their lights during the event as well.The lights are also turned off at the Helsinki Cathedral, the Old Church of Helsinki, the Suomenlinna Church and the Mikael Agricola Church. The lights of the Yleisradio mast are switched off. The Finnish National Theatre dims its outdoor lighting and advertising lighting. The Swedish Theatre will also darken.Messukeskus Helsinki participates in the climate campaign by turning off the lights, outdoor lighting and the advertising and sign displays in its 7 halls and 40 meeting spaces.Further
reading:
  The concept plan for Helsinkis envisaged new museum of architecture and design has been completed. According to the plan, the worlds best museum of architecture and design will be built in Helsinki. The museum aims a sparking the notion to perceive the world from the architects point of view: you can do everything differently, better.By displaying its collections and telling its stories, the museum will show how the choices of architects and designers have moulded the world that we share. The museum will bring people together and simultaneously it will bring architecture and design into the societal discourse as a means to solve the great problems of the future. The museums objective is to be user oriented, actively open and ambitiously experimental. The heart of the museum will be made up of a core exhibition that combines architecture and design, the most important and the largest of its kind in the Nordic countries. Design will not be put on display only, but you will also be able to try it as it is was originally created: something to hold, grasp and touch. Thanks to new technology, you will also be able to experience planning that still does not exist and test futuristic solutions virtually. The museum will be a platform, a partner and a node for cooperation between players, trades and users within the sphere of architecture and design.The museum is to be built by the South HarbourAlongside with the concept planning, the ministry and the City of Helsinki have been preparing a joint perception of possible models for carrying out the project. According to the proposal, a foundation will be established to form the basis for the museum. The foundations behind the existing museums should also merge into the new foundation. Additionally, a company should be established to run the museum. The museum should be built in the South Harbour area as part of a comprehensive development of that area. Further studies about the premises, the economy and the administration will be needed to advance the project. The preparatory work is intended to continue over the spring.The Ministry of Education and Culture and the City of Helsinki will, jointly with the management of the existing museums, make a decision about carrying on with the preparation of the model for implementation. The city is prepared to promote the construction of a new museum in Helsinki in line with the concept plan, on the condition that there is agreement among the various partners about the funding and the advancement of the project. It is essential that the city invests in world-class content and experiences  not in walls only. The city appreciates the maritime character of the South Harbour area and the development of this area. Choosing to build the museum in this particular area is an opportunity for the city to develop a new kind of urban space in the heart of the city, Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori points out. The concept planning was initiated in the autumn of 2018 by the Ministry of Education and Culture and the City of Helsinki together with the foundations for the Design Museum and the Museum of Finnish Architecture. The plan was drafted by CEO Tuomas Auvinen, senior resarcher Outi
Kuittinen and museum expert Ulla Ters. A steering group that consisted of representatives of the government, the municipality and the museums assisted with the concept planning. The work was preceded by a report that was released in August 2018 and that dealt with the question of the prerequisites for implementation and the necessary measures.Read more:The concept planWorld-class Museum of Architecture and Design to be established in Helsinki  Report on the prerequisites for implementation and the necessary measures. Publications of the Ministry of Education and Culture, Finland 2018:29Proposed model for the realisation of the new museum of architecture and design28 March 2019 
  A new startup and growth company campus is being planned for the site of the former Maria Hospital of Helsinki. The campus would be the biggest of its kind in the Nordic countries. The current startup campus on the site, which opened in 2016, would expand to the southern section of the site, which would be developed with a great deal of new office and other non-residential space.The City of Helsinki is currently drawing up a detailed plan for the area enabling the planned infill construction in cooperation with a consortium led by YIT and Keva. The City Boards Economic Development Division reserved the area in November 2018 for a startup campus feasibility study, as a result of an enrollment and negotiation procedure.The plans are on display both online at hel.fi/suunnitelmat(in Finnish) and at the Urban Environment Divisions customer service office at Srnistenkatu 1 until 12 April 2019.The plans propose a dense office block comprising 50,000 square metres of floor area for more than 4,000 workers to be built in the southern section of the site. In addition to offices, the area would have commercial and service space available to all potential tenants, such as cafs, restaurants and show rooms. The block could also have small-scale accommodation services.The buildings on Mechelininkatu and Porkkalankatu should be of varying height but mainly mid-rise buildings with less than 10 floors, in order to comply with the scale of the old hospital buildings in the northern section of the site. New buildings on the Baana bike and pedestrian route would be lower, in order to keep the environment as well-lighted and pleasant as possible.According to the plans, the former hospital buildings in the northern section of the site would be permanently converted into offices, and small-scale infill construction is planned for the section on Mechelininkatu. The hospital buildings, which are of notable cultural and historical value, would be protected. Some of the old wooden buildings would be removed away from the construction in the southern section of the site, to be placed either inside the Maria site or elsewhere in Helsinki. The 1980s apartment building in the centre of the site would be demolished.
  The goal of the plans is to link the former hospital site more closely with the surrounding urban areas both in terms of function and traffic. Connections would be improved with a new pedestrian and cycling bridge over Baana from the end of Lastenkodinkatu. New ramps and stairs are proposed to be built in the vicinity of the bridge. Possibilities to build a cycling tunnel connecting Baana and Lapinlahdentie are also studied.The detailed plan alteration should be presented to the Urban Environment Committee in the autumn of 2019. The final decision on the detailed plan alteration will be made by the City Council.Read more:Planning
materials 2 November 2018: One
of Europe's biggest growth company campuses planned next to the Maria 01
startup cluster
Mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori opened a web service last year, through which anyone can submit their ideas to develop a more functional Helsinki. The aim is to find concrete ideas on how Helsinki could become an increasingly service-minded, sustainable and creative city. Send you ideas before 31.3.Helsinki needs the best ideas to be able to develop into the most functional city in the world and to serve its residents better. There are already clear goals for achieving this objective: to double the number of places in education and early childhood education in English, to invest more in electronic services and to simplify the permit procedures in order to make it easier, for example, to arrange events. There is still a need for more ideas, which can be submitted under eight different themes. The themes are an increasingly service-minded, sustainable, creative, mobile, international, fun, smart and clean Helsinki. The ideas submitted to the service can also be commented.The service is open until the end of March at www.maailmantoimivinkaupunki.fi.
Participatory budgeting plans can still be refined for two weeks in the OmaStadi service. Deadline for the plans is 8 April.Helsinkians have made almost 1,300 proposals in the OmaStadi.hel.fi service. The objective is to develop the proposals into optimal plans together with citizens. At present, realisable plans based on the proposals are in the making. By refining the plans, it is guaranteed that they can be put up for voting in the autumn.In February, local workshops were arranged, where all major districts and one common workshop covering the whole city concentrated on refining the local proposals together with experts. At this point, many original proposals were merged with others, resulting in more advanced proposals with better chances to proceed towards voting. The borough liaisons have arranged a number of planning clinics that have offered help and information on developing the plans.Until December last year proposals for improving resident comfort could be submitted in the OmaStadi service. Popular themes were community centres, cultural projects, sports facilities and environmental matters. With the help of participatory budgeting, the citizens can really make Helsinki a more functional and stress-free city.The local voice will be heard in OmaStadiEvery year Helsinki allocates  4.4 million of its budget, and the citizens can participate in deciding how this money will be spent. The major districts of Helsinki have their own budgets, and the plans can be realised according to them. The funds have been distributed in relation to the populations of the major districts.In this first period, most proposals and plans have concerned the whole city. Thus, many proposals do no relate to a single area, but are aimed at something good in common for all Helsinkians. A fifth of the sum, 880 000 euros, is reserved for common projects of entire Helsinki.Over the summer months, experts of the City of Helsinki will complete the plans at hand, in order to have them ready for voting in the autumn. After the voting, the most successful plans will be realised by the City of Helsinki during 2020.#omastadi #omastadiraksaFurther reading:OmaStadi serviceParticipatory BudgetingBorough Liaisons
  Jobseekers surveyed with customer interviews have expressed to the City of Helsinki and the local TE employment services wishes for a new informal service where they could obtain advice on work and education. Their wishes are now met with a new information and advice service, the employment service plaza (Tyllisyyden palvelutori) located at the lobby of the Pasila TE Office in Helsinki.The employment service plaza is a service for jobseekers aged 30 or over. It seeks to accelerate its customers employment and entry to education or training. Younger customers are served elsewhere, such as Ohjaamo Helsinki meant for 15- to -29-year-olds.The employment service plaza provides assistance to customers in job seeking, with education and training alternatives and with career planning. Customers are served with various meetings focusing on education and training, digital skills and job seeking. Regular recruiting events allow customers to meet with employers and to hear about work opportunities.Customers are served at the employment service plaza by a City of Helsinki career counsellor and a TE Office coordinator. In addition to them, the lobby is regularly staffed by teachers and study counsellors representing the City of Helsinki Education Division, a digital services adviser representing the Digirasti project, a corporate coordinator and staff of various employment projects.
The Helsinki employment service plaza is located at the lobby of the Pasila TE Office at Ratapihantie 7 (entrance through Veturitori). The plaza is open from Tuesday to Thursday, 10:0015:00. There are no appointments, and personal guidance is available daily during service hours.The employment service plaza serves customers according to the following weekday plan:The employment service plaza is an experiment carried out jointly by
Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and the Uusimaa TE Office through 2019. The services
are located at the Iso Omena Service Centre in Espoo and at TYP on Vernissakatu
in Vantaa, as well as in Helsinki. The employment service plazas are staffed by
employees of both TE Services and the employment services of the cities.Read more:Employment service plaza (in Finnish)
Altogether 39 international congresses will take place at the Finlandia Hall during 2019. Their themes range from medical sciences to technology and ecology. In June, World Circular Economy Forum will bring over 2000 opinion influencers and policymakers to Helsinki from all over the world. World Tourism Cities Federation Fragrant Hills Tourism Summit 2019 will be arranged in September. This helps to strengthen the position of Helsinki in global tourism industry.The Presidency of the Council of the European Union will be held by Finland 19/719/12. During that time, Finlandia Hall has the privilege to host around 70 EU meetings as the sole venue of The Presidency of the Council. It is a great honour for us to become trusted to manage such an extraordinary task. And while we are hosting the EU meetings we welcome all the other guests also in. Our large building has every facility to be a venue of firm, fun and fantastic, all at the same time, Tolonen says.This year Finlandia Hall is having a record-breaking year. The building that has been called as the Finnish national venue is pleased to host several international congresses, annual general meetings and celebrations already during the spring. The highlight of the great run will be the Presidency of the Council of the European Union held by Finland. Finlandia Hall has been chosen as the sole venue for around 70 EU meetings gathered during the Presidency. The architectonic masterpiece of legendary Alvar Aalto has proved its status as an important asset to the vibrant city of Helsinki, the capital of Finland.  We are heading towards a fabulous year. Our international congress guests boost the economy of Helsinki with almost 50 million euros every year. Guests boost the local services, like restaurants, hotels and all kinds of shops. We are located at the very heart of beautiful Helsinki which means that all the city centers generous services are at hand, the CEO of Finlandia Hall Johanna Tolonen states.In 2019 the Finlandia Halls revenue will exceed 20 million euros. That is more than the Hall has ever accomplished in a year.Finlandia Hall is a premise for fun, versatility and ease. The dignified building drawn by iconic architect Alvar Aalto hides inside wide range of different kinds of spaces for concerts, gigs, plays, fairs, exhibitions, congresses, and meetings. When choosing where to organize an international event, Finlandia Hall is among the biggest assets for Finland and its maritime capital Helsinki. Since the Trump-Putin Summit several international event agencies have visited Helsinki to check the Hall for their major future feasts. Organizers evaluate different venues by strengths and suitability for the event. At the moment responsibility, safety and food selection are emphasized as criteria. These all are criteria which Finlandia Hall have been praised for. Last summer we built Probably the Happiest Media Center in the World for the political Trump-Putin Summit. Thanks to our highly skilled staff it was all done within less than two weeks notice. As a result, the happy journalists spread the word around the world about us, Tolonen rejoices.Finlandia Hall was awarded as the Best Congress / Conference / Convention Venue at Bea World Festival 2018, which awards the best events annually. To be able to serve its guests comprehensively, Finlandia Hall will go through a complete renovation during the years 20222024. In the future the global events industrys spotlight will be directed to Helsinki.Finlandia Hall is a masterpiece by the world-renowned Finnish architect Alvar Aalto. This makes it a popular venue for both international and domestic events hosted in Helsinki.Find out more about us on: www.finlandiatalo.fi/en Read more:
UMO Jazz Orchestra has a new name. UMO Helsinki Jazz Orchestra was adopted following a recent report carried out by the City of Helsinki, the orchestras owner. Based on the report, it was concluded that the inclusion of the main sponsors name is in keeping with a policy widely adopted by other big bands operating at an international level. The change of name is wonderful news for our organisation, and we will carry the new name with pride, says Eeva Pirkkala, General Manager of the UMO Foundation, the body administering the orchestra.UMO Helsinkis spring season is bursting with memorable concert experiences. Take a look at the spring programme and come along for music is best enjoyed live! The concert calendar is available here.
City bikes have become a staple in Helsinki and Espoo and city scooters are set to become the next big thing in the region. The upcoming city scooter service will include both regular kick scooters and electric scooters. The first test area for the service is Vuosaari, with around 30 city scooter stations and 300 scooters. After downloading a mobile application, users can ride the scooters for a small fee. HSL and Samocat Sharing, the company responsible for the service, will run the test collaboratively.The season will start on 15 April and run until the end of October.The city scooter pilot is part of HSLs Idealab project, which focuses on new types of mobility services in the HSL area. The stations and available scooters will be included in the HSL Journey Planner. A fully charged electric scooter can travel up to 15 kilometers with a maximum speed of 25 km/h.Read more:View the location of stations on a mapHelsinki Region Transport
Helsinkis public transport, vast market and accessibility are the strengths of the City from a business perspective. However, the businesses would like to see more communications about the services for businesses and more co-operation opportunities as well as streamlining of road works and traffic. These are some of the conclusions of the comprehensive telephone interview study of one thousand businesses, which Taloustutkimus Oy has carried out by order of the City of Helsinki.The aim of the study was to find out the views of the businesses on the Citys industrial policy and enterprise-friendliness.The study also offers more information about the expansion plans and recruitment plans of the businesses and about the challenges in finding suitable employees.The results show that the businesses are happier than before with Helsinki.While the development is somewhat slow and there is still a lot of work to be done, the improvement is a confirmation of the fact that we have moved in the right direction. Our ambitious goal is to the most functional city in the world for businesses as well, says Mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori.In the survey, the businesses mentioned, among other things, the competitive situation and bureaucracy as challenges to the business activities. The elevated cost and price level was the leading single factor, which reduced the willingness of the businesses to recommend Helsinki as a location. Traffic-related reasons were also mentioned as things reducing the willingness to recommend in more than 30 per cent of the answers.The businesses were happier than before with the services of the City, but rued the lack of information about the services and activities.In the future, we will pay special attention to the problems highlighted by the businesses and keep on developing our strengths, says Director of Economic Development Marja-Leena Rinkineva.Big businesses provided the clearly most positive evaluations about the Citys industrial policy and Helsinki as a location. The businesses in finance and insurance, ICT, tourism and in the creative field were the most content, while the businesses in environment business and logistics were critical of Helsinki.According to the survey, nine out of ten businesses want to collaborate with the City, which we see as a strong sign of the need for even broader business co-operation, says Rinkineva.The interviewed also believe that through its actions, the City can affect the success of the businesses.The recruitment outlook of the businesses is still very positive: two out of three respondents estimated that they would hire new employees during the next year.However, almost every other business that answered the survey reported difficulties in finding suitable employees during the past year. The challenges were remarkable especially in construction and logistics.The business study carried out by Taloustutkimus Oy on order of the City of Helsinki was performed between 22 November 2018 and 4 January 2019. The Citys business interview study is the most comprehensive basic information about the views and customer experiences of representatives of businesses in Helsinki. The interviews were made using so-called judgment sampling. One thousand businesses participated in the interviews.Further informationSummary of Helsinkis business interview study 2018 (in Finnish) 
Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori's resident evening is arranged at Wanha Satama in Katajanokka on 2 May.During the evening that starts at 7:00 PM, the residents can ask the City of Helsinki's Executive Directors and the Mayor questions concerning Katajanokka. The event ends at 8:30 PM.By showing up earlier at 5:30 PM at the Pop Up event market, the visitors can exchange thoughts with the experts in charge of the drafting and realisation of local policies.You can send thoughts and questions to the organisers in advance here. The advance questions will be considered in the preparation of the resident evening. If you want your question answered, you are welcome to ask it at the resident evening.The event is arranged by the Helsinki City Executive Office together with the Katajanokkaseura association.The resident evening will be broadcast live and made available later as a recording on the Helsinki channel. At the resident evening, there is a childcare service for children over 3 years of age, arranged in co-operation between the Pienperheyhdistys ry association and the Maahanmuuttajanuorten Helsinki project.The address of Wanha Satama is Pikku Satamakatu 5.Welcome to take part in the event!#mayorsresidentevening #katajanokkaRead and see more:Luonnon nn, Katajanokan videoviesti pormestarille (In Finnish)Advance questions to the expertsFacebookKatajanokkaseura associationVideos from previous Mayors resident evenings
The Helsinki Wholesale Market area  Tukkutori and Teurastamo announced in October 2018 an innovation competition aiming at finding new ideas and solutions for developing services and diverse entrepreneurship. From the about 60 entries that were submitted, the best seven were chosen for pilot phase. Additionally, four participants received awards for the best new ideas. The pilot projects are about to be launched and will go on up until the end of May.The innovation competition, funded by the City of Helsinki and Business Finland, was organised to find new technological and other innovative solutions regarding specifically food and food production, and also packaging, circular economy and cleantech. The most promising potential solutions were each awarded 10,00040,000 euros to pilot their service and product innovations. The best four ideas were on their part given a prize of 1,000 euros. The competition jury consisted of members representing the City of Helsinki, the University of Helsinki and the business sector.The Wholesale Market, located at the Kalasatama neighbourhood, is presently home to about 150 enterprises. The area is a hub for wholesale trading where the food industry and the flower and horticulture business stand out.The central location of the Wholesale Market, its position as a cluster for trading with professional customers, and the array of restaurants in the Teurastamo area nearby offer a good platform for testing new products and new services in the interface between enterprises and customers.We used the innovation competition to pursue new solutions. By piloting them, it will be possible to diversify the areas business ecosystem and to seek for broader commercial and international business potential for enterprises. We are going to test interesting new services over the spring, asserts Jouni Spets from the Citys Economic Development.When nature wakes up and grows spring greens, the chefs and the Helsinkians will be able to order forest food online, e.g. eatable plants that youngsters from 4H have gathered. We will make an effort to deliver goods to customers in the vicinity of the Wholesale Market by using electric bikes and other ecological means.The innovation competition was organised as part of the Wholesale Markets testbed and innovation platform project, financed by Business Finland and the City of Helsinki. The project works to build a platform and ecosystem for new and growing business activities in the Wholesale Market, Teurastamo and Kalasatama area.Mets Board International Ltd An individualised and ecological takeaway package for restaurants. Taking part in the pilot is the entire packaging value chain, and, along with Mets Board, small and medium-sized enterprises in this line of business. The case isa demand-driven innovation with potential for scalability. The packaging solution takes into account the need for detailed personalisation of the packages as well.Forest Foody LtdUsing platform economy to generate growth for the marketing of wild food with small local producers as the driving force. The solution aims at implementing and piloting a Consumer to Business marketplace and supply chain that combines the gatherers of wild food (4H youngsters) with the corporate customers in the city (i.e. restaurants). The pilot includes a long value chain and professional actors: gatherers, transportation, intermediate storing and restaurants. A concrete and feasible pilot proposal.Stadin puutarhuri, Odlingsfreningen Freelanceodlarna rfThe objective of the Helsinki Rooftop Greenhouse solution is to construct a greenhouse for professional cultivation on the roof of a building in the Wholesale Market area or in another suitable location in year 2020. The pilot includes planning a new kind of service concept for greenhouses and performing a technical and commercial analysis on the method of implementation. The team possesses the necessary know-how, and the project has also other funds for the implementation phase at its disposal.Package Testing & Research LtdFibre-based packages for the flower business that are made of renewable materials substituting plastic. The pilot covers the packaging value chain as a whole. The solution makes use of Finnish-developed renewable packaging materials for the storage of green plants. The solution is demand-driven and it has potential for scalability.Agata Bakery OyAn innovative production concept for the manufacture of specialty products, e.g. gluten-free products. The case is a new innovation, whose technical and commercial feasibility has some open questions. The pilot is meant to advance the take-off of the solution by boosting the planning and testing of the technical and commercial concept.Koepala Packaging LtdKoepala Aterimo is an enterprise in the field of packaging innovations. It is specialised in takeaway and fast food packages. At issue is an innovative food packaging solution that has potential for business and scalability.The pilot will focus on studying how customers experience the product and how suitable it is for new customer segments.MacusteThe 24/7 Makupiste-Liiteri, i.e. the expansion of the Liiteri.net container at Teurastamo to turn it into a foodstuff pick-up point based on a self-service concept. In addition to serving the Macuste company itself, other enterprises in the area of the Wholesale Market and Teurastamo will also be allowed to use the container as their distribution channel as part of the pilot. The unmanned pick-up point serves the needs of several companies and their customers in the area.Additionally, the following proposals received awards in the ideas seriesClimate smoothie, Ugly Foods ryUtilisation of the Wholesale Markets waste heat, Metropolia University of Applied SciencesWinter Garden, students teamHeurastamo, students teamIntroduction of the pilots on the competition websiteWholesale Market's and Teurastamo's Innovation Competition
  Indoor air experts in the largest municipalities in Finland have drafted a general ventilation guideline for public service buildings. The goal is to improve the quality of indoor air and develop and establish harmonised methods based on research data.Helsinki is part of the network of experts responsible for the drafting of the general guideline. The guideline is a recommendation, which means that each municipality can decide how they want to observe it.In Helsinki, the plan is to present the guideline to the Urban Environment Committee and comply with it. In practice, this means that ventilation systems will be monitored and adjusted more actively in schools and daycare centres, for example. Overall, the guideline will not cause any significant changes to the methods of the City of Helsinki.Adjusting ventilation systems is
importantThe City of Helsinki owns approximately one thousand service buildings. Their age, purpose of use, condition and technical systems vary greatly.The core objective of the new instructions is to have the ventilation in each building operate in the best way possible in the revailing conditions. Air flow must be adjusted so that the pressure difference between indoor and outdoor air is as small as possible. This prevents harmful substances from entering the indoor air.The guideline also points out that the temperature of inlet air should be two degrees lower than the target temperature of indoor air in order for inlet air to mix with indoor air more efficiently.Thus far, the air flows of ventilation systems have not been measured and adjusted methodically in Helsinki each time after cleaning the system. This means that following this guideline will improve the current situation. Adjusting air flow is also important after sealing repairs have been performed on buildings.Turning the ventilation on at the
right timeIn 2018, Helsinki City Council discussed a proposal (in Finnish) aimed at running ventilation in schools and daycare centres 24 hours a day. In its general ventilation guideline, Kuntien sisilmaverkosto (the inter-municipal indoor air network) states that if the ventilation system functions well and is efficient, it is only necessary to run it when the building is in use.In order to flush out any impurities from respirable air, the guideline recommends that daily ventilation be started two hours before the users of the building enter it. Ventilation should be kept running for 12 hours after the users have left the building.This is what we have been doing in Helsinki for at least 25 years now. Adapting the use of ventilation to the hours of use of the building generates significant savings in energy consumption and reduces the carbon footprint of buildings. However, the city will never compromise on ventilation for the sake of savings the primary goal is always to ensure healthy respirable air, says Sari Hildn, Built Property Manager.Constant ventilation is needed in
some buildingsSome buildings need continual ventilation at all times. If the building has water damage or microbial contamination, ventilation should be kept running at all times, as long as the supply or exhaust air flows have first been measured and balanced, if necessary.When a building suffers from water damage or microbial contamination, the task of indoor air experts is to assess the effect of the ventilation system on the situation and decide on the best operating times for ventilation. This is the current procedure in Helsinki.In addition to this, the network of experts recommends that ventilation be kept running continuously in newly-completed buildings for one year in order to flush any of the emissions from new materials out of the indoor air. This, too, has been standard operating procedure in Helsinki for years now.The inter-municipal indoor air
network is growingThe inter-municipal indoor air network was in charge of preparations for the general ventilation guideline. It is a network of experts established in 2018 to promote better indoor air quality in municipal buildings. The network looks for solutions and operating models to prevent and overcome issues with indoor air quality.Founding members of the inter-municipal indoor air network include Helsinki, Espoo and Vantaa. New additions to the network include Lahti, Jyvskyl, Turku, Oulu, Tampere, Kuopio and Sisilmayhdistys ry (the indoor air association). This year, Porvoo also joined the network.Experts from Sisilmayhdistys ry, other municipalities, research institutes, universities and consulting companies from the field of indoor air also participated in drafting the general ventilation guideline.
The guideline was published on 14 March 2019 in connection with the Hyv Sisilma (good indoor air) recommendation by Sisilmayhdistys.
Additional information (in
Finnish):Kuntien sisilmaverkosto: palvelurakennusten ilmanvaihdon yleisohje ja perustelumuistio
  After problems were discovered with the operations of the Ankkalampi daycare centre chain, Helsinki Mayor launched a survey on 31 January 2019 on the status of the building permits issued to private service providers in Helsinki and the City of Helsinkis own early childhood education facilities. The survey constitutes a thorough investigation of the situation. A task force was established to manage urgent issues. The survey proved to be challenging, as the City has no data system that lists all daycare centre facilities and the status of their building permits.The survey found out that 107 of Helsinkis 703 daycare centre facilities (including group family daycare facilities) have inadequate building permits or their building permit status is unclear. During the survey, 36 of these facilities changed their status to cleared, because they produced a building permit or the investigation of their status was declared complete. The survey continues with the daycare centre facilities of 77 private service providers. All City-owned facilities have been investigated.The City processes have failed both in the Education and Urban Environment Divisions. Inadequacies have been discovered both in newly founded daycare centres and in units founded tens of years ago, so the inadequacies are not explained either by any single matter or by the Citys organizational reform, says Helsinki Mayor Jan
Vapaavuori.Altogether 71 daycare centre facilities were found to be operating without approval by Building Control. 43 facilities had no building permit whatsoever, the permitting process was underway with 16 facilities, and 12 facilities had been granted a building permit but the required commissioning inspection had not been conducted before the operations were commenced.No daycare centre facility was discovered to have such safety concerns that would necessitate the facility to be closed.In terms of the status of single daycare centres, its imperative that we primarily inform families of the centre status. We also inform the daycare centre service providers and daycare centre managers, Mayor Vapaavuori says.According to the City of Helsinki rules of governance and division of responsibilities, the responsibility for applying for building permits for City-owned daycare centres lies with the Urban Environment Division. As for private daycare centres, the service providers are responsible to ensure that all permits for daycare centre operations exist and are valid.The City has a great deal to improve in the permitting processes, Mayor Vapaavuori says. This matter is, however, not difficult to fix, and corrective action has been initiated. Im convinced that all City-owned facilities will be in order by the autumn. If there should be a single facility not in order by then for some reason or another, the City will replace the facility. We will also ensure that there are adequate resources to complete building permit applications, to process inadequate applications and for monitoring. We will develop information transfer between City operations and boost the customer-service role of the City of Helsinki Building Control authorities.
  Helsinki participates in a city innovation programme implemented by Bloomberg Philanthropies and Harvard University as the only European city. The theme chosen by the City of Helsinki in the programme is how to increase physical activity in the everyday lives of the elderly, because increased physical exercise is one of the Citys main goals in the current City Strategy term.Helsinki is aging fast, as is all of Finland. The need to increase physical exercise is particularly urgent with the elderly, as differences in the perceived quality of life, wellbeing, health and opportunities for participation become more pronounced with years. Exercise is one of the most efficient ways to maintain and to improve wellbeing, health and the ability to function, as well as to lead rewarding lives.Helsinki will implement a nine-month training programme under the supervision of a service designer financed by Bloomberg Philanthropies. The core team will work with other experts and elderly citizens targeted by the programme. The team will expand its understanding of customer needs by interviewing residents at public health stations, service centres, city libraries, adult education centres and shopping centres.The programme will grow the understanding of Helsinki in what obstacles there are to be physically active and what opportunities there are to make activities easier and more attractive. The programme seeks to ensure that there will be thorough understanding of the problem from the point of view of the elderly before a single solution is put forward.The programme is part of the City Innovation Track in the leadership and management training to mayors provided by Bloomberg Philanthropies and Harvard University. Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori participates in the training.Read more:Exercise
and Mobility Scheme ProjectHelsinki exercise and sports programme (in Finnish)
"City of Helsinki's maritime strategy and plan of action has been approved by the City Board. The maritime strategy outlines the development goals past the current strategy period, ending in 2021, until the year 2030. Part of the actions are already being implemented and the development is being carried out with consideration to marine operational environment and the partners.Helsinkis maritime location is part of its fundamental nature. The maritime strategy and the plan of action has been drafted to develop the maritime recreation opportunities and the tourist services, and to strengthen the Citys general appeal. The goal is, for example, to improve the accessibility of the marine locations, develop the services in the archipelago and further maritime events.The strategy sets the following main goals for the maritime development of Helsinki: Helsinki is an attractive and functional sea City the maritime services and recreation opportunities are accessible to everyone Helsinki cherishes its sea nature.The preparation was guided by the ""Most Functional City in the World"" City Strategy 20172021 and its goals concerning the sea. According to the City Strategy, the Citys maritime traits must be utilised better as a factor of attraction for the City.We now have clear goals and a plan of action, through which it is possible to develop Helsinkis unique maritime character into an even stronger factor of attraction for our City. One significant stage is the maritime Helsinki Biennale of public arts, to be arranged in the summer of 2020 in Vallisaari. It is expected to attract around 300,000 visitors from home and abroad, says Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.The maritime strategy and the actions to implement it were created in co-operation between the City divisions and other partners.The maritime strategy is already being implemented. The theme of the upcoming summer is a kind of maritime everyday luxury, when we fix things that make it easier to access the archipelago and improve the services. The planning of the water traffic and service traffic to the top destinations of the archipelago is underway. To support the sustainable development of Vallisaari, the island will be getting municipal engineering. In the upcoming summer, the water traffic schedules will also be included in the HSLs Journey Planner and, for example, the journey directly from the metro to the island can be made using city bicycles and the new city boats. The conditions for the increasingly popular water sports will be improved as well, lists Project Manager of the Maritime Strategy Minttu Perttula.Other improvements include the development of Vasikkasaari into an even better local nature destination as of the summer season 2019 and the digital services of the Boat in Helsinki project for boaters and those interested in boating.A lot of effort has also been put into complementing the maritime service offerings. Last fall, the Bout application, also known as the Uber of boats, was launched in Helsinki and for this season, Skippers city boats will arrive in Helsinki, notes Minttu Perttula.The plan of action for the Maritime Strategy is based on a background study made in spring 2018. The current plans, projects and other initiatives connected to maritime development were gathered from within the City. There were 55 of these in total. Additionally, there was an open questionnaire for ideas from the residents, which generated around 500 maritime development ideas.The final points of emphasis in the plan of action were laid in a steering group formed by the City and central stakeholders. The implementation of the programme will be made in the different City divisions and in co-operation with the stakeholders, such as public landowners and entrepreneurs in the Citys sea locations.The development of Helsinkis maritime traits means, above all, good teamwork with the partners in carrying out the important, joint goals, states Perttula.Further informationHelsinki Maritime Strategy 2030 (in Finnish)"
The year 2018 was positive in the economy of Helsinki. The operating margin was 81 million better than in the budget. The Citys external operating expenses grew by 2.8 per cent compared to the previous year. The growth was moderate compared to the expenditure growth in other large cities or the entire municipality field. Helsinkis investment level was high, as was the case in 2017 and 2016. The population of Helsinki was approximately 649 800 at the end of 2018. The population increased by 6,500 inhabitants. The increase was proportionally smaller than in the previous year, but still quite remarkable. At the end of 2018, there were 10,032 housing units under development, which is considerably more than in the previous years. The housing development goal of 6,000 housing units was exceeded. The construction of 7,943 housing units started as a consequence of strong urbanisation and a good situation in terms of plots, detailed plans and constructability. There were 4,843 housing units finished and 7,109 building permits issued. The Citys result of the financial period was 386.8 million, which is 199 million better than in the budget. The 2017 result was 483.1 million, while the 2016 result was 470.2 million. The 2018 result became possible as the operating margin was better than in the budget (81 million) and the tax revenue and the income from central government transfers to local government increased more than what was anticipated in the budget (106 million). The debt interest payments were also less than in the budget (12 million).The Citys external operating expenses grew by 2.8 per cent compared to the previous year. The growth was moderate compared to the expenditure growth in other large cities or the entire municipality field. The expenditure of the City Strategys economic goal that concerns the scaling of the operational expenditure grew by approximately 2.0 per cent in 2018.
The annual contribution margin was 752 million. The annual contribution margin indicates the income financing left available for investments and loan instalments. The annual contribution margin was 206 million higher than anticipated in the budget. This was especially due to the tax revenue being better than anticipated.Cash flows from operating and investing activities came out at 150.7 million positive. This key figure that describes the situation in the City economy was weaker than in the previous year (245 million in 2017). The reason for the level being lower than in the previous year was the lower level of the annual contribution margin.The accrued tax revenue was 3,416.6 million, which means that the total tax revenue was 35.8 million higher than in the previous year. The accrued tax revenue including corporation tax revenue and real estate tax revenue was 1.1 per cent more than in the previous year.As of the beginning of 2018, the local income tax percentage was lowered by half a percentage point in Helsinki. Helsinki's tax revenue development was above the national average, even though Helsinki lowered its local income tax percentage. Helsinkis earned income tax base has grown better than the national average during the last few years.The accounts of income from central government transfers were 197.3 million, which was almost 23 million less than in the previous year. This was mainly a result of the cuts related to the Competitiveness Pact and the growth in the tax revenue base-related balancing of the income from central government transfers.The City's loans amounted to 1,693 per capita, compared to 1,871 in 2017. The loan stock at the end of the year was 1,100 million. The liquidity of the City at the end of the year was 91 days. The liquidity of the City also includes group subsidies' account funds deposited in the City's group account. The City's loan stock (loans from financial institutions and insurance institutions) decreased by 106 million.The Helsinki City Group's annual contribution margin for 2018 amounted to 1,358 million, a decrease of about 35 million compared to 2017. The City of Helsinki's annual contribution margin decreased by 86 million compared to the previous year. Thus, the elevating effect of the local authority subsidiaries on the annual contribution margin of the City Group was more than 50 million better than in the previous year. Especially Helen Ltd's operations were more profitable than in the previous year. The combined investment level of the local authority subsidiaries was 1,093.5 million and it was 328.9 million above the previous years level (764.6 million).The City Board processes the Financial Statements on Monday 18 March. The Financial Statements will proceed to the City Council in June. Further
information 2018
Financial StatementsSummary
of the 2018 Financial Statements (in Finnish)
  The foreign-language population residing in the 14 municipalities that constitute Greater Helsinki is forecast to increase from present 201,000 to 437,000 by year 2035. Thus, the foreign-language speakers' share of the regions general population will grow from 14 percent at present to 25 percent. According to a new projection, the number of people with a foreign native language will grow slightly faster than had previously been estimated. By 2030, the new projection surpasses the old by 29,000 people. These figures emerge from a statistical publication recently released by Helsinkis City Executive Office. Vantaa to have the highest
share of foreign-language speakers in 2035According to the projection, Helsinkis foreign-language residents will increase from the present-day number of about 100,000 to almost 200,000, and their share of the population at large will grow to 26 percent from the current 15. In Espoo, their number is set to grow from 45,000 to 105,000, and their share from 16 percent to 30. Currently, around 40,000 foreign-language speakers reside in Vantaa, and as for year 2035, the projected number is approximately 95,000, while their share of all residents is forecast to increase from current 18 percent to 34. It emerges from the projection that in the peripheral parts of Greater Helsinki1, the number of foreign-language speakers will grow to 38,000 people, i.e. 11 percent of the entire population in the area. The number of residents within the age groups that are eligible to attend daycare or go to school will double from the current figures and their share will reach 30 percent. With regard to the municipalities of the Capital Region, foreign-language children are forecast to constitute up to one-third of all children. It is predicted that over two-thirds of this group will nevertheless be made up of children who were born in Finland. The aforementioned proportions have been deduced from population projections calculated in 2018. Were the entire population to grow to larger numbers than so forecast, the proportions of foreign-language speakers will stay lower. The share of people who
speak languages originating in the Baltic States set to decreaseIn 2035, the largest foreign-language groups will be made up of speakers of Middle Eastern and North African languages, on the one hand, and Far Eastern languages, on the other hand. Both groups will include about 88,000 people. The language group made up residents from Russia and other parts of the former Soviet Union (the Baltic States excluded) will grow to 72,000 inhabitants. The sub-Saharan and the Western European language groups are both bound to grow to almost 52,000 people. However, the number of people who speak the languages of the Baltic States will increase at a much slower pace than previously. Their number is forecast to be 41,000 in 2035. In Helsinki, the number of residents who speak the languages of the Baltic States will even decrease. The largest language groups in Helsinki and Espoo are projected to be those of Middle Eastern and North African as well as Far Eastern origin. In Vantaa, however, the largest language group is made up of people who speak Russian and other languages from the former Soviet Union. In Greater Helsinkis peripheral parts, those who speak a language from the Baltic States will remain the largest group.The new projection of the foreign-language population residing in the Capital Area and the peripheral parts of Greater Helsinki for years 20182035 has been compiled as a joint project by the Helsinki, Espoo and Vantaa units for statistics and research. 1 The peripheral parts include the following municipalities: Hyvink, Jrvenp, Kerava, Kirkkonummi, Mntsl, Nurmijrvi, Pornainen, Sipoo, Tuusula and Vihti.Publication:Helsingin seudun vieraskielisen vestn ennuste 20182035 (in Finnish), pdf-publication, Issuu-publication.Inquiries:System Manager Pekka Vuori, Helsinki, phone 09 310 36300Researcher Teija Jokiranta, Espoo, phone 043 826 5208Research Manager Henrik Lnnqvist, Vantaa, phone 09 8392 3005
  A modern real-estate and construction-industry college campus is under construction at the Myllypuro Metro station. The campus will represent a new type of combination of educational levels in Finland. Helsinki Vocational College (Stadin ammatti- ja aikuisopisto) and Metropolia University of Applied Sciences will together form a college campus for smart and clean solutions. Students of the complex will become real-estate and construction-industry professionals, educated with each other and in close cooperation with enterprises of different fields.Project planning for the Helsinki Vocational College building is currently underway, says Project Manager Petri
Heinil of Helsinki Vocational College. The building will have a great deal of adaptable spaces and the newest technology both for use and for display. Because residential construction in the Helsinki metropolitan area mainly consists of multi-storey buildings, we will include facilities in the college to study high-rise construction on a small scale.The City of Helsinkis goal is to assign a site in Myllypuro for a training construction yard and so to enable building construction studies in real conditions. This will be the first of its kind in Helsinki, says Helsinki Deputy Mayor for Education Pia Pakarinen.The upcoming educational complex will surely inspire young people. The new campus will support unique cooperation among local residents and enterprises. We have been implementing such cooperation at Metropolia for a number of years, says President of Metropolia University of Applied Sciences Riitta Konkola.Representatives of construction industry employers have been involved in the project from the very beginning, including the Finnish Construction Trade Union and the Confederation of Finnish Construction Industries RT. The City of Helsinki is committed in the City Strategy to strengthen the pedagogy and partnership networks needed in the workplace and in information society. The modern and adaptable spaces of the Myllypuro college campus will support the latest trends in flexible real estate and construction studies, easily adjusted to the needs of the workplace, sustainable development and student life.The fact that the campus is built on good public transport connections is a positive climate act in itself. The Metro brings people directly to the doors of the campus, says Deputy CEO Samuli
Huhdanp of T2h Oy.The real-estate and construction-industry college campus will boost the dynamism of the whole eastern Helsinki. The campus and its vicinity are expected to attract 7,000 more people compared with the areas occupancy before the campus. The campus, which will also serve as a meeting place, will bring a great deal of services and dynamic urban culture to the area of Myllypuro, Kontula and Itkeskus. There will be new jobs, as the areas corporate activities grow and evolve. The campus will also serve the high numbers of eastern Helsinkis foreign-born residents with its educational programmes targeted at speakers of diverse languages and people of different cultural backgrounds.The first phase of the Myllypuro campus of Metropolia University of Applied Sciences was commissioned in January 2019, and the second phase will be completed in the autumn of 2019. The sections of the campus for Helsinki Vocational Colleges construction and building technology studies will be built in 20212022.
With its constituent cities and institutions of higher education, the Helsinki Metropolitan Area comprises an innovation and competence cluster unique to Finland, containing the potential to succeed in stiffening global competition, thus benefiting all of Finland.The cities and higher education institutions of the capital region believe that the next government and parliament have the opportunity to provide better preconditions for the cities and higher education institutions in the region, as well as throughout Finland, to succeed. This is why the next government must support the regions development into the best innovation and competence cluster in the world, consolidate its skills base and its ability and opportunities to make investments, as well as foster conditions that generate new jobs.Read more:A statement by the cities and institutions of higher education in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area 
Hurraa! A festival for children and young people in the cultural centres of the Helsinki Metropolitan Area.Being organised for the ninth time, the Hurraa!will be held between 16 and 24 Marchin Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Kauniainen. The programme includes 15 shows and 80 performances in cultural centres across the Helsinki metropolitan area. he Hurraa! opening ceremony, open to all, will be held in Helsinkis new central library, Oodi, 3rd floor in the childrens section on Saturday 16 March!The theme in the opening ceremony is nature conservation: in the event you will see the premier of Loiske Ensemble Mets (The Forest) performance and scenes from the Matchbox Companys performance Prinssi Rei. The event will culminate to the Other Spaces collective open-to-all demonstration for the Great Barrier Reef. There is also childrens music and circus performances in the program and workshop where you can build fishes or birds. Opening ceremonyRead more:Hurraa!
"Cleantech Venture Day is the biggest cleantech investment event in the Nordics. Since 2006 the event hasbrought together hundreds of investors with the leading cleantech companies. Cleantech Venture Day will be organized inHelsinki 3-4 June 2019 with the top Nordic cleantech companies, investors and other key enablers. The event will take place at the Finlandia Hall.By integrating the best tried-and-tested elements of previous events, Cleantech Venture Dayaspires to make ten times more impact in Helsinki. Doing good should also be good business. Cleantech Venture Day will help you do just that. We believe that making a difference is everyones duty. More so, if we can create the impact together. Come to Helsinki to meet like-minded difference-makers and be part of a community of impact-makers"",says Jan Vapaavuori, Mayor of Helsinki.City of Helsinki is a partner of Cleantech Venture Day.More informationCleantech Venture DayRegistration"
  Helsinki Zoos Cat Valley acquired a new tenant in March 2019. Cat Valley became home to a six-month-old male Amur leopard cat.This wild cat has started his new life in Helsinki with bursting energy, stalking the red pandas in the neighbouring enclosure. The Amur leopard cat does not compete in size with the tigers and leopards of the same regions in the Far East where the species lives, but it is second to none of its bigger cousins in its wild nature.The Amur leopard cat came to Helsinki Zoo from the Jihlava Zoo in the Czech Republic. Helsinki Zoo seeks to breed Amur leopard cats, so the zoo is looking for a female partner for the young male.The body and limbs of the Amur leopard cat are marked with spots that allow the animal to blend into its surroundings. This leopard cat usually hunts at night. It feeds on rodents and birds, sometimes on rabbits and even snakes. If need be, it can fish, as it is a good swimmer. It climbs with the agility of all cats.The Amur leopard cat is the northernmost subspecies of the Asian leopard cat. It is native to the Manchurian pine forests of China, the Amur region of the Russian Far East, the Korean Peninsula and the Tsushima Island of Japan.The leopard cat is an example of a species that is not endangered, owing to the large habitat of the species, but whose local subspecies are at risk. The main reason for this is hunting for fur. For example, as many as hundreds of thousands of leopard cats were killed for fur in China in the 1980s. The hunting of the species and the persecution of the species due to the danger presented by it to poultry continue despite efforts to protect the species.There are only a few leopard cats in European zoos, and their mating is controlled in order to develop a healthy zoo population.Helsinki Zoo last had leopard cats in 2005. The zoo wanted to bring the species back, because the role of small cats in biologically diverse ecosystems is just as important as that of large cats such as leopards and tigers.Read more:Helsinki Zoo
The busy year of 2018 at the Port of Helsinki ended with record-breaking numbers in cargo traffic. Also passenger traffic was still busy, and the Port retained its status as the busiest international passenger port in Europe.The financial outcome remained at a good level, as was expected. The turnover of the Port of Helsinki Ltd increased to 96.6 million euros. After taxes, the profit for the financial year of the Port of Helsinki Ltd was 10.6 million euros.Year 2018 for the Port of Helsinki was coloured by the new growth strategy for the coming years and the definition of key projects. We set becoming the most functional port in the world as our vision. This gives direction for our operations and inspires both our employees and the partners whom we work with, says Ville Haapasaari, Port of Helsinki CEO.A record amount of cargo was transported via the port in 2018, even though the heaviest growth subsided during the year. A total of 14.7 million tonnes of cargo was transported via the Port of Helsinki (+3.3% compared to the previous year), which broke the previous record from 2008.The main export commodities are products for the forest industry, machinery and equipment, whereas in imports the most prominent product group is daily consumer goods.In 2018, a total of 12.1 million passengers passed through the Port of Helsinki. That is 1% less compared to the previous, record-breaking year. Helsinki retained its status as the busiest international passenger port in Europe.The Annual Report of the Port of Helsinki is out as a web publication. You can read it in Finnish and in English at: https://vuosikertomus2018.portofhelsinki.fi/en/.
"Japanese lifestyle retailer Muji and Finnish autonomous driving company Sensible 4 launched Gacha, the first autonomous driving bus for all weather conditions today in Helsinki, Finland with a view to begin public-facing operations in April. Muji and Sensible 4 have launched Gacha, the first self-driving shuttle bus in the world for all weather conditions. The vehicle is a result of the collaboration between Finnish autonomous driving company Sensible 4 and Japanese lifestyle retailer Muji. While Sensible 4 provided the technology for the vehicle, including superior positioning, navigation and obstacle detection to allow year-round autonomous driving regardless of the weather, Muji has provided the vehicles design, developing the functional aesthetic and optimum user experience. Gacha's debut test-drive took place in front of the new Oodi Helsinki Central Library, a significant site in the Finnish capital. After the preview, Gacha will begin operating for the general public in Espoo in April 2019, rolling out to Hmeenlinna, Vantaa and Helsinki later in 2019. Muji and Sensible 4 are currently planning to produce the first Gacha fleet for use on public roads in 2020 for various cities in Finland and abroad. Muji and Sensible 4 aim for the self-driving shuttle fleets to operate as a part of the cities existing transportation systems in 2021, with a long-term objective of establishing partnerships with other pioneering cities around the world. Aside from its all-weather capabilities, Mujis design also differentiates Gachafrom similar projects, in particular the vehicles lack of a front or rear. The interior seating follows the soft rounded square shape of the bus, creating more space for passengers while theled light belt serves as both headlights and an external communication screen. Inspiration for the design came from a toy capsule, a universal shape that embodies joy and excitement, bringing peace and happiness to those who encounter it. The Gacha development got started when Sensible 4 team, working back then with the first generation of robot buses, noticed that they just dont perform at all even in light rain, not to mention the typical winter conditions in Finland. Completely autonomous self-driving technology is not here yet. Most self-driving cars can operate only in ideal weather conditions and well-marked roads. This is what Sensible 4 has managed to change through repeated tests in the harsh winter conditions of the Finnish Lapland, says Harri Santamala, CEO of Sensible 4.The fruitful collaboration between Sensible 4 and Muji proves Helsinkis reputation as the internationally attractive environment, bringing together the interesting startups and companies seeking for the best ways to improve the everyday lives of residents. Greater Helsinki is a global pioneer in offering services and creating new businesses through smart mobility solutions. There are several reasons for that. One of them being the favorable Finnish legislation for new experiments  the Finnish legislation not only allows automated vehicles to be used in public roads but also encourages the digitalization of all transport services. The recent heavy deregulation makes it easier for new types of transportation services to enter the market. In Greater Helsinki there are also several urban testbeds enabling the creation of new smart mobility solutions and the city hosts the first open-mobility-as-a-service ecosystem in the world"" says Marja-Liisa Niinikoski, CEO of Helsinki Business HubHelsinki Business Hub has had a key role in introducing Muji to Sensible 4. Helsinki Business Hub is the international trade and investment promotion agency whose role is to help foreign companies to set-up their business, grow and develop in Greater Helsinki.More informationMuji  GachaHelsinki Business Hub"
The Godchild 2012 Project of the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra culminates this week with a special performance of Sergei Prokofievs Peter and the Wolf for children. The concert will be conducted by Chief Conductor Susanna Mlkki with narration by Satu Sopanen and Susanna Haavisto.Back in 2012, the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra invited for the second time an entire age group as its godchildren, this time comprising children born in Helsinki in 2012. Altogether 3400 families signed up for the programme, representing over half of the entire age group, and they have been treated to two free-of-charge concerts a year. The previous Godchild Project invited children born in Helsinki in 2000.The Godchild Project is set to continue next year, when the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra will invite through child welfare clinics all children born in Helsinki in 2020 as its new godchildren. Families with babies born next year will be able to register already from the start of 2020. The City of Helsinki also plans to expand the Godchild Project together with partners to include also other cultural activities on an annual basis.The aim of the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestras Godchild Project is to awaken a love for music and playing music, as well as to offer families shared experiences. Thematic and interactive concerts and workshops also support the development of musical and motor skills in children while creating a shared experience for the entire age group and strengthening the connection between the orchestra and families in Helsinki.The artistic and pedagogical planner for the Godchild Project concerts is Satu Sopanen, and the project is produced by Annika Kukkonen, Producer of Education at the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra.The Godchild Project has helped the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra establish a close relationship with families. We are also happy that our Godchild Project has inspired other orchestras in Finland and elsewhere in Europe to introduce similar projects, Kukkonen says.The Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestrapresented three Peter and the Wolf concerts this weekFurther information and videos about the Godchild 2012 Project: https://helsinginkaupunginorkesteri.fi/en/godchildrenRead moreThe Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra
The biowaste container reflects the whole world, says artist Jani Leinonen, the creator of a biowaste artwork composed of discarded food. The artwork was commissioned by Helsinki Region Environment Services Authority HSY to be posted onto HSY garbage trucks. The campaign arouses people to think about the impact of food waste on the climate  and our pocket books. The campaign urges us to love food and not to throw away edible food, and it urges us to sort our waste separating biowaste from other waste.The whole global world comes together in our biowaste containers, Leinonen says. There is pineapple from Costa Rica, coffee from Ethiopia, rice from Spain, and coriander from Thailand. Foodstuffs from bickering neighbours and from conflict zones mix peacefully in the Finnish biowaste container to produce new energy  Finnish rye bread and Swedish knckebrd crisp bread, and Israeli oranges and Palestinian olives.Such edible food is thrown away in Finland each year in amounts that fill 7,800 garbage trucks.
It is important to separate biowaste from other waste, as only by sorting can the energy component of biowaste be retrieved. Biowaste is used to make biogas, which is used to produce heat and electricity. Biowaste is also used to make compost, which is an ingredient of mulch for gardens and other green areas.Its unfortunate that one-third of the content of mixed-waste bags from households is still biowaste, says the HSY environmental expert Hanna Tukiainen.The materials for Leinonens artwork were provided by the Loop restaurant, which uses waste food as ingredients. The restaurant procures its waste food from markets and producers. The waste food used in the artwork was inedible, and after the completion of the artwork, the materials continued their journey to HSYs eco-industrial centre in mmnsuo, to be processed into biogas and mulch.Read more:Biowaste
Last November, Helsinki and Lyon captured a joint top spot in the EUs new European Capital of Smart Tourism Competition. One of the awards is a public sculpture, which wasplaced today on the Helsinki Railway Square, at the Kaivokatu end. According to the preliminary schedule, the installation of the sculpture will be completed by Wednesday 6 March. The sculpture will be exhibited for the rest of the year.Helsinki tourism has crafted a plan of action, which takes advantage of the award year. Helsinkis Roadmap for Tourism 20182021 will be complemented with a sustainable tourism programme, due for completion during 2019. Helsinki has also established a working group, the task of which is to further the improvement of the Citys tourism infrastructure and the quality of the services for tourists by concrete means, develop the dialogue between the City and the tourism entrepreneurs and invest in real, local experiences.The Smart Tourism Award is a significant achievement both locally and internationally. This is an excellent opportunity for us to communicate our development measures to a wider extent during our EU Presidency period, which starts in July. The three large events arranged in Helsinki this year, the European Tourism Forum, the World Tourism Cities Federation's Fragrant Hills Tourism Summit and the Digital Tourism Think Tank Global event, will also generate plenty of international visibility, notes Senior Advisor (Tourism) Jukka Punamki at the Helsinki Economic Development.The tourists of the future demand sustainable tourism services and user-oriented digital services. It is thus important that our local tourism entrepreneurs can offer such services. We will invest in this in the future, continues Punamki.Through the European Capital of Smart Tourism Competition, the EU wants to increase the public discussion on the future of tourism. The cities play a key role in the construction of new practices for sustainable tourism. The competition programme constitutes a framework for exchanging best practices between cities and creating co-operation opportunities and partnerships. Marketing efforts on the EU level are also carried out.Helsinkis know-how when it comes to ensuring the development of sustainable tourism has been noted widely and we are happy to pass on good practices. Tourism is going through a big shift with the changing expectations and behaviour of the consumers. We need intensive co-operation and exchange of information in order to be able to cope with the challenges associated with tourism, such as climate change and overtourism, says Helsinki Marketing CEO Laura Aalto.The European Parliaments initiative to strengthen the innovative development initiated by tourism in EU cities and their vicinity, increase the attractiveness of the cities and further the economic growth and the creation of new jobs.To perform well in the Competition, the city had to demonstrate exemplary achievements as a tourist destination by carrying out innovative and smart solutions in all four award categories, which were accessibility, sustainability, digitalisation and cultural heritage and creativity.Further informationEuropean Capital of Smart TourismMy HelsinkiHelsinki for Companies  Tourism Industry (only in Finnish)
  The City of Helsinki now offers a mobile application called SiirtoSoitto to vehicle owners, through which you can order a reminder about the need to move your vehicle before snow ploughing or grit removal.SiirtoSoitto is a free-of-charge and easy-to-use application that tells users about upcoming street cleaning procedures by providing notifications about the need to move your vehicle in advance.If the user forgets to move their vehicle, SiirtoSoitto will make an automated last minute call before the vehicle is towed, potentially giving the owner enough time to move their vehicle and avoid the Citys vehicle towing charge.If the users vehicle is towed by the City, SiirtoSoitto will also provide the user with information on its location.SiirtoSoitto is available for iPhones and Android phones via the AppStore and GooglePlay. When setting up the service, the user can define the areas in Helsinki that they wish to receive notifications about.The SiirtoSoitto service was tested in the Meilahti and Taka-Tl area last spring by a few thousand registered vehicle owners. Due to the positive reception, the pilot is now being expanded to cover the entire Helsinki area.SiirtoSoitto will remain in use at least until the end of 2019. At the end of the year, the City will assess whether it has the means to continue utilising the application in the future as well.Due to data protection reasons, the personal data of users who participated in the SiirtoSoitto pilot last year could not be retained, which means that these users will have to register to the service as new users.The applications potential benefits to the City and users were demonstrated in the pilot carried out last spring. During the pilot, use of SiirtoSoitto reduced vehicle towing by 80% compared to vehicle owners in the same area who did not use the service. According to the Citys estimate, use of the application resulted in 170 fewer towings during spring street cleaning in the Meilahti and Taka-Tl area. Based on feedback received, users were also satisfied with the service.In addition to SiirtoSoitto, the City of Helsinki offers a text message service that notifies users of streets from which vehicles need to be moved on the day before cleaning.The launch of mobile applications supports the Citys objectives of facilitating the digitalisation of public services. SiirtoSoitto and the text message service are effective tools, but the City cannot guarantee their functioning under all circumstances.Street cleaning that requires vehicle owners to move their parked vehicles is announced with signs placed on streets scheduled for cleaning at least two days before the cleaning is set to begin. The street signs urging vehicle owners to move their parked vehicles are always non-appealable.Any cars that are still parked on marked streets when street cleaning is set to begin are towed by the City, in which case the vehicle owner is usually charged a towing fee.SiirtoSoitto was developed by Twenty Hexagons Oy by commission of the Urban Environment Division.
Helens Hanasaari power plant will be closed by the end of 2024. Heat production will be replaced with heat recycling with heat pumps, energy storage, and a bioenergy heating plant planned for Vuosaari.Helen has made preparations to phase out the use of coal and to close the Hanasaari power plant for several years. A completely new heating and cooling plant has been built under the Esplanade Park, and the Katri Vala heating and cooling plant located in Srninen is currently being extended. Furthermore, a cavern heat storage facility, which is unique even on the global scale, is currently built in old oil caverns.Helen has the means to replace coal. We continue to invest in large-scale recycling of energy with heat pumps, and we also have projects for the storage of heat. Over a slightly longer time scale, we are investigating several emission-free technologies, such as geothermal heat, utilisation of seawater-source heat, and small modular reactors, says Helens President and CEO Pekka Manninen.The coal act approved by Parliament will determine the time schedule and, at the same time, the available solutions.Helen has investigated the possibilities of building bioenergy heating plants in different parts of Helsinki. Helens Board of Directors made a decision to plan for the Vuosaari bioenergy heating plant with an objective to enable an investment decision on a new plant in spring 2020. This and the previous investment decisions on heat pumps and energy storage will make it possible to close the Hanasaari power plant.The bioenergy heating plant designed for Vuosaari represents a medium-sized bioenergy heating plant on the Finnish scale, meeting about a quarter of the coal use of the closing Hanasaari power plant. The envisaged plant would account for about 15% of Helens fuel consumption, says Project Manager Antti Saikkonen.The plant would be located next to Helens existing power plant site in Vuosaari. The planning objective of the plant is to have it ready for production use in autumn 2023.The present decisions are estimated to have no impacts on the price of district heat.Read more:Helen
  The English edition of the Statistical Yearbook of Helsinki provides a varied, statistics-based description of the city and its residents. Many of the tables also present comparative data from the rest of the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, the Helsinki Region and Finland as a whole. Moreover, the yearbook contains a chapter on major cities in the rest of Scandinavia and another on Tallinn, Riga, Vilnius and St Petersburg.The 2018 edition of the book is the 106th. The statistical tables are also available as open data on the Helsinki Region Infoshare service.These are some of the facts provided in the
yearbook:Inquiries:
Statistics and Information Services Manager Ari Jaakola, +358 9 310 43608, ari.jaakola(at)hel.fi
  The Carbon Neutral Cities Alliance (CNCA) is a collaboration of leading global cities working to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 80100 percent by 2050 or sooner. The alliance itself came up with the initiative for Helsinki to join.The cities that have joined the alliance take a serious view of the question of combatting climate change. Through their innovations and their example, they are able to impact humanitys future in excess of their share.Helsinkis city strategy for years 20172021 outlines the goal of reducing emissions by 60 percent by year 2030 and of making Helsinki carbon neutral by year 2035. The city strategy and the programme for a carbon neutral Helsinki 2035, which is derived from the strategy, have also given impetus to Helsinkis decision to set out to become the first city in Europe and the second in the world to start reporting its local achievements in implementing the UN Agenda 2030 goals for sustainable development.The Carbon Neutral Cities Alliance was established in 2014 in Copenhagen, where 17 cities, including Berlin, London, New York, Sydney, Washington and Stockholm, participated in setting up the collaboration. The annual membership fee is 8,650 euros (10,000 dollars). The fee covers the cost of two people attending the alliances annual meeting. Is also makes the city eligible for project financing.The Helsinki City Board took the decision to apply for membership at its meeting on 4 March 2019.
  The Helsinki City Council has approved a project plan to renovate the Kallio Comprehensive School building. The estimated cost of the renovation is 20 million euros. The school building, designed by architect Bertel Jung, was Finlands largest elementary school at the time of completion in 1910. Today the school has grades 16.The Kallio school building needs extensive renovation. The spaces will be rebuilt to comply with contemporary learning standards. The schools kitchen and student toilets will also be renovated to meet current standards. The acoustics, accessibility and fire safety of the school premises will be improved, and some of the building technology and the ventilation system will be replaced. The building energy efficiency will be improved. The metal roofing, windows and basement facilities will be repaired.The building last underwent an extensive renovation 50 years ago in 1969. Over the decades since, the building has been upgraded several times to meet the needs of schoolwork and new technical requirements. The building is protected and carries significant architectural and historical values.
The renovation is scheduled to begin in June 2021 and to be completed in November 2022. The school will operate in temporary premises throughout the project. The school now has about 450 students. The plan for the temporary premises will be finalized as renovation plans proceed.
The City Council has approved an alteration to the detailed plan for the street area at Asema-aukio 2 above level -11.0. The alteration enables the Sokos property to expand underground on two levels between the Asema-aukio square at the Railway Station and the street of Kaivokatu. The alteration enables changes to the existing underground pedestrian passage.The City wants to protect the areas architecturally and historically valuable city space while upgrading the standards, safety and general appeal of the public areas. The goal is to connect the possible future underground exit of the proposed Helsinki City Rail Loop with underground passages and commercial spaces as well as to allow for joint operations for all spaces.The total floor area of underground commercial space will grow by 2,600 square metres and that of underground passages by 710 square metres. Local service and maintenance traffic will be conducted underground.The City Council made the decisions at its meeting of 27 February 2019, as well as considering a number of initiatives made by councillors. The meeting, in addition to all other City Council meetings and other Helsinki events, is available on demand on the Helsinki web channel Helsinkikanava.fi at https://www.helsinkikanava.fi/kanava/fi/videot/live?id=4018. Helsinkikavana.fi also publishes the voting maps of City Council meetings, while meeting agendas are available here. All materials are in Finnish.
Oodi Director Anna-Maria Soininvaara at Oodis Book Heaven on the third floor. (Photo: Pertti Nisonen)The development and design of Helsinki Central Library Oodi reflects the evolution of service design thinking within the City of Helsinki. The success of the 10-year library development process is manifest in Oodis popularity.The number of visitors welcomed by Helsinkis new central library Oodi since the library opening in early December 2018 has exceeded 20,000 on the busiest days, twice the predicted number.Oodi Director Anna-Maria Soininvaara says in February 2019 that the weeks following the opening have been demanding. Our resources have been stretched, she admits. But our intention is soon to continue the development process that started more than 10 years ago. Oodi is a development library. Were tasked to test and to produce services for all libraries, Soininvaara asserts. 10 years ago, general awareness of the user-centred design framework was gaining strength. The concept of Oodi has been built piece by piece on that framework, Soininvaara explains the philosophy of Oodis continuing development process.Our guiding principle in the central library development has been the voice of citizens, says the projects leading planner Pirjo Lipasti.The development commenced with a broad survey in 2008, followed by the project planning phase. Helsinkis library administration City Library participated in project planning by dividing staff into teams that focused on specific topics.Pirjo Lipasti, the central library projects leading planner. (Photo: Liisa Joensuu)In 2010, an idea emerged among the staff for public dreaming. Lipasti explains, We encouraged citizens to share their ideas and wishes for the central library by posting them onto the Tree of Dreams. This virtual tree gathered 2,300 library dreams from the public. The public dreaming continued with a megaphone call in 2012: citizens were urged by well-known public figures to visit the Tree of Dreams. City Library employees mingled with people in public places to collect spontaneous feedback.Many of the spontaneous meetings were held in conjunction with the major design programme of Helsinki as World Design Capital 2012. The central library project was a natural part of this programme, which focused on embedding design in all aspects of everyday life, putting the user in the centre of service development.Virve Hyysalo, a Helsinki City Library interaction expert, cycled to public places on a library bike to gather peoples thoughts and wishes for the central library. (Photo: Aleksi Poutanen)Experts and potential partners of the central library gathered together in workshops and networking events to brainstorm about services that they could provide with the library.The workshops evolved into regular meetings between library users and experts. Central Library Friends in 20142015 worked on details related to the library design. They evolved into Library Friends, tasked to make the users voices heard in all Helsinki libraries. Today the development community works through Kirjastoheimo (library tribe) customer panels, each of which focuses on a specific theme in regular meetings.The central library development was supported by the City of Helsinkis first participatory budgeting initiative in 2012. Citizens were encouraged to propose how City Library should spend 100,000 euros of its budget. The proposals were worked into four projects in open workshops.The concepts of all projects have been realized at Oodi in one way or another.When we moved from library dreams to implementation, the work was joined by service design professionals, Lipasti says. Service design agency Hellon built the Oodi customer service map, that is, a visual representation of all the components of customers interaction with Oodi.Palmu produced concepts for the lobby and lounge areas. The agency sought to ensure that the customer experience would remain the same regardless of the medium that the customer uses to approach Oodi.Design Studio Muotohiomo focused on services for families.The preparation of Oodis open international architectural design competition was launched in 2011. The competition became a part of World Design Capital Helsinki 2012 and so supported the crucial role of the design year in the establishment of Helsinkis international reputation as a city of design.A City Library team made summaries of the library dreams gathered from citizens to ensure that the user perspective would be included in the competition criteria. The summaries clearly spelled out the users main wishes: tranquility, services for families, peer learning and learning by doing, events, and digital services.The competition received an amazing 544 design entries from all over the world. All entries were put on public display, and visitors were invited to bestow their favourite designs with hearts. Six designs were shortlisted and put on display on interactive screens in public places, where people were encouraged to like their favourites.The winner and the design to be realized was the entry by ALA Architects of Helsinki. The entry was one of the top favourites in both public votes.ALA Architects has ingeniously implemented the library dreams of the public and combined all main wishes, Soininvaara says.The tranquility asked for by the public is realized in the Book Heaven of the third floor, which is a traditional library environment. Services for families can be found in the third floors family library and the section assigned to Playground Loru on the first floor, which is also the space for public events and encounters. The second floor is the space for learning by doing and houses urban workshops, studios and spaces for study and work.The huge popularity of Oodi reflects the success of the participatory design process, Lipasti rejoices.Text by Johanna LemolaMore informationDesign Stories from HelsinkiWhat is Oodi? Service Design
Helsinki Sports Services celebrates its 100th anniversary in 2019. To celebrate the anniversary, one hundred legendary people who have had a great impact on sports and exercise in Helsinki will be named.Who do you think should be among the most legendary athletes and sports influencers of Helsinki? Perhaps the colourful character of the hockey rinks Matti Hagman or the bohemian artist of the football fields Atik Ismail? Or maybe Ludovika and Walter Jakobsson, who brought independent Finland its all-time first Olympic gold medal? And should Erik von Frenckell, the forefather of all Finnish sports influencers, be on the list? Or were you thinking of someone who has been working selflessly for years with junior or special groups sports, for example?The public can suggest Helsinkis legends from 4 to 31 March 2019, so please tell us who your candidate is, along with the reasons you are nominating them at100legendaa.fi.All those who submit a suggestion will enter a raffle to win one of 20 copies of the book Bollis  Tln pallokentn 100 vuotta, depicting a very significant part of the history of sports and exercise in Helsinki in one book. The tome, written by Erkki Alaja, received an honourable mention in the Sports Book of the Year competition in 2015.The winners will be notified personally.Since 1964, the City of Helsinki has been awarding the Helsinki Athlete of the Year prize, and the 44 athletes that have received the prize are automatically named among the hundred legendary sports people. Below, you can see a list of the Helsinki athletes who are automatically among the hundred legends.Kaija Mustonen, speed skatingPentti Linnosvuo, shootingRainer Stenius, athleticsEila Pyrhnen, swimmingPertti Pousi, athleticsOlli Laiho, gymnasticsKauko Kangasniemi, weightliftingLeo Linkovesi, speed skatingTapio Kantanen, athleticsMona-Lisa Pursiainen, athleticsRiitta Salin, athleticsPentti Aminoff, motorboat racingKari Markkanen, canoeingAnssi Rauramo, basketballLeena Salmenkyl, orienteeringEsko Rechardt, sailingJuha Salonen, judoJukka-Pekka Vyrynen, karateJuha Ovaskainen, divingLahja Hmlinen, disability sports / ice sledge racingPontus Jntti, badmintonTea Vikstedt-Nyman, cyclingJari Kurri, ice hockeyKyra Kyrklund, dressageMarkus Ketterer, ice hockeySusanna Rahkamo, figure skatingVille Peltonen, ice hockeyMira Kasslin, track cyclingKristian Heinil, sailingSami Vaskola, aerobicsThomas Johanson and Jyrki Jrvi, sailingSari Multala, sailingMikael Forssell, footballMika Poutala, speed and roller skatingMarjaana Vre, disability sports / athleticsOlli-Pekka Karjalainen, athleticsJanne Heikkinen, volleyballTomi Tuuha, artistic gymnasticsMikael Granlund, ice hockeyTuomas Krki, footbagToni Piispanen, wheelchair racingOssi Vnnen, ice hockeyKaisa Lehtonen, triathlonKristiina Mkel, athleticsWhen suggesting your candidate, please bear in mind that the person can be either an athlete or a sports influencer who:- has significantly contributed to sports in Helsinki (e.g. coach, politician, sports club official)- is considered to be from Helsinki at least in some manner- has had an impact in Helsinki at some point in the history of Helsinki, not necessarily within the last one hundred years-can have some other nationality than Finnish- cannot be a club or a teamIn April, a panel consisting of sports and exercise experts will choose 56 legends with the help of the suggestions of the public. The panel includes the all-round sports figure of Finland and Helsinki Erkki Alaja, chair of Helsingin Urheilutoimittajat ry Matti Hannula, chair of Helsinkis Sport Sub-committee Joel Harkimo, producer at the Sports Museum of Finland Matti Hintikka, acting sports director of Helsinki Petteri Huurre, project manager of Helsinkis Exercise and Mobility Scheme Minna Paajanen, high-profile medallist in wheelchair racing Toni Piispanen, high-profile medallist in figure skating Susanna Rahkamo, sports law expert and enthusiastic sports spectator Hannu Rautiainen, and chair of the student board at Mkelnrinne Upper Secondary School Siiri Turunen.The list of the hundred legends will be announced on Helsinki Day on 12 June along with the Helsinki Athlete of the Year 2019. The hundred people on the list will not be ranked all one hundred legends will be equal.
When the works commence, tram routes will be diverted to run via Kallio and Sturenkatu and there will be no tram services in Srninen for the duration of the works. The change affects tram routes 1, 6, 6T, 7 and 8.Buses will continue to run along Hmeentie throughout the works but there will be changes to stop locations as the works progress. In addition, the ticket hall roof at Srninen Metro Station will be replaced and some of the station entrances will be closed. However, the station will remain open throughout the works and the metro will run as usual. Information about changes to station entrances and stop locations will be provided as soon as it will be available.You can find out more about the effect of the works on your public transport journeys in the Journer Planner. Enter a search date after 4 March 2019.More information is available (in Finnish) on the City of Helsinki website: hel.fi/uusihmeentie.Read more:
  We want to help the problems of Helsinki dental care telephone bookings. Clients can book an appointment at the dental clinics.One alternative is the e-services.
  Due to the increased demand for dental care services and the problems in the client data system the dental appointment telephone service's have had greatproblems.We aredoing our best to solve the data system problems with the supplier and apologise that the problems have prolonged.
Dental care appointments can be made MonThu 718 and Fri 715, tel. 09 310 51400. 
Due to the increased demand for dental care services and the problems in the client data system the dental appointment telephone service's have had greatproblems.We aredoing our best to solve the data system problems with the supplier and apologise that the problems have prolonged.Dental care appointments can be made MonThu 718 and Fri 715, tel. 09 310 51400. You can visit the following clinics to book
appointments in personYou can make an appointment by visiting any dental clinic in person.The dental care chat service makes it easier to
contact clinics Online service for dental care www.hel.fi/dentalcare 
  Many people suffer from elevated levels of street dust in the air. Typical symptoms include a runny nose, coughing, an itchy throat, and itchy and teary eyes. The street dust season usually peaks in MarchApril, but street dust already occurs in many places in Helsinki as road and street surfaces have dried.
  During winter months, dust from various sources is accumulated on roads and streets. As their surfaces dry in spring, the dust is released into the air by traffic and wind.Sunny weather has dried road and street surfaces in the Helsinki metropolitan area and, as a result, street dust can already reach high levels at places, says air quality expert
Anu Kousa of Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority HSY.Street dust can cause various symptoms including a runny or stuffy nose, coughing, an itchy throat, and itchy and teary eyes. Street dust is particularly harmful to risk groups such as people with asthma, small children, elderly people, and people with cardiovascular diseases or pulmonary diseases including emphysema. Street dust often worsens the symptoms of cardiovascular and pulmonary diseases.Street dust levels go down when streets are cleaned. When night frost no longer occurs, street dust is abated by wetting streets with a mild saline solution to bind dust. Street dust mainly consists of gritting sand and asphalt particles. Asphalt particles are released into the air by studded tires in particular.Read more:Air
quality in HelsinkiHelsinki street cleaning plan
on mapStreet
spring maintenance 
  Perseverance in the voluntary restoration of the urban brook of Longinoja in the Malmi suburb of Helsinki won the Finnish Biodiversity Award 2017-2018. The winner was chosen by the National Committee of Finland of IUCN, International Union for Conservation of Nature. The award was given out in Helsinki on 25 February 2019 by Minister of the Environment, Energy and Housing Kimmo Tiilikainen.The Biodiversity Award 20172018 was presented to Juha Salonen, the focal character in Longinoja brook restoration, and active brook restoration volunteers. Situated east of the main railway line, the Longinoja brook has been restored over 15 years by a group of volunteers working together with many other actors.Thanks to active restoration work, the brook has now revived, and large numbers of threatened sea trout come again to spawn in the Longinoja brook. This kind of hands-on work is important in the conservation of species. The volunteer work has opened the eyes of many city dwellers to the importance of urban nature areas, says Minister Tiilikainen.Visitors to Longinoja can enjoy a nature trail with information boards, which was opened in late 2018. Thousands of people have already visited the nature trail, which educates visitors on brook ecosystems. The brook has also attracted extensive media attention.Finland is committed to halting the loss of natural diversity by 2020. The Finnish Biodiversity Award was created to find innovative solutions that help reach national and international goals.Read more:Release
by the Ministry of the Environment
  During the first three quarters of 2018, almost two-thirds of property investment transactions in Finland were made by foreign investors. Property investors were interested in, above all, the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, where over 60 per cent of real estate purchases or sales in Finland were made that year. International property investors interest towards, especially, Finland was due to slightly higher net returns and a slightly better economic trend in Finland than in comparable countries, as also to Finlands economic cycle lagging slightly behind that of many other European countries. A stable, safe and transparent business environment and Finlands membership in the Euro currency zone were important factors, too. These findings are presented in a fresh statistical publication from Helsinki City Executive Office.The presence of international investors in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area helps develop and boosts the local real estate market. In addition, liquidity improves in the market, the real estate investment sector becomes more professional, and new jobs are created in the real estate sector. The international investors come from many parts of the world, and Asian and North-American investors are increasing in number. Lively business premises market and high occupancy
rates in retail or wholesale premises in the Helsinki RegionRecent economic growth has stimulated the market for rented business premises in Helsinki. In the real estate investment market, too, trade has continued to be lively in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area. The effects of economic growth appear especially in the form of rising rents for premises in the most central areas and of improved occupancy rates. Premises for wholesale or retail trade show high occupancy rates, 94 per cent, in the Helsinki Region, as also in Helsinki proper: 94.8 per cent.At the same time, however, a growing supply of wholesale or retail premises along with changing consumer behaviour have caused uncertainty on the market. The most important changes in this market these last few years include growing online shopping, increasing focus on liability aspects, and the impact of these on consumption. Yet another factor is consumers increasing orientation towards ever larger and more accessible shopping outlets.There are still plenty of business premises being built in the Helsinki Region, but a weakening is expected as some large developments such as Pasila and Kalasatama are gradually completed. The index for office rents rose in 2018 in Helsinkis central business district, but the vacancy rate of offices premises has not declined noticeably. The highest occupancy rates are found in central Helsinki and in Pasila, whilst vacancies are most common in Herttoniemi and Pitjnmki.Old business premises are turned into dwellings or
hotels whilst new premises are also builtIn 2018, over 100,000 square metres of office premises were taken out of office use in the Helsinki Region. This is a high figure compared with the average of the last ten years, which is 54,000 sq.m.. Over half of these premises were turned into dwellings, and roughly one-third into hotels.In 2017-2019, the total floor area of new wholesale or retail premises built in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area will also exceed 100,000 sq.m. per annum. This is more than twice as much as the average of the last ten years. Construction of production facilities in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area is still focused on Vantaa.Real estate investment market still lively in Helsinki
Metropolitan AreaIn 2018, the volume of real estate transactions in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area was almost larger than ever, second only to the record year of 2017. Office premises, most of all, were the ones changing owners  around one-third of transactions. In the care sector, especially, the turnover in euros of real estate transactions was higher than ever before. The Helsinki Metropolitan Area has a very strong position and role on the property investment market in Finland. By Christmas 2018, no less than 61 per cent of all real estate transactions in Finland that year had been concluded in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area. The publication on the business premise market in Helsinki and the Helsinki Metropolitan Area in 2018 describes the situation and trend in autumn 2018. The main focus is on the level of rents for office premises and wholesale or retail premises in Helsinki, but the analysis also includes the essential sub-markets of Espoo and Vantaa as well as a comparison with other European capitals. The report is chiefly based on data from the independent information business KTI Kiinteisttieto Oy Ltd.Publication: Anu Henriksson: Toimitilamarkkinat Helsingiss ja pkaupunkiseudulla syksyll
2018, Helsinki City Executive Offices statistics 2019:1, pdf publication. (in Finnish)Queries:Researcher Anu Henriksson, +358 40 3344 783, e-mail: anu.henriksson(at)hel.fi
The steering group of the open data service Helsinki Region Infoshare (HRI) has announced its selection of the best open data activities of 2018 and gives first prize to the
  MyHelsinki.fi service. Honorable mentions go to an orthophotograph of the Helsinki region in 2017 and data that shows the amount of solar radiation received by rooftops in the Helsinki metropolitan area, both published by Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority HSY.The HRI steering group met earlier in February to select the best open data activities of 2018, naming the open
interface of MyHelsinki.fi as the years best open data initiative. MyHelsinki Open API is an open interface maintained by Helsinki Marketing. It provides up-to-date and curated information on the places of interest, events and activities of Helsinki and the Helsinki metropolitan area.The HRI steering group cites the broad range of content and commercial opportunities offered by the open interface as the particular merits of the MyHelsinki.fi open data initiative. It is also noteworthy that MyHelsinki.fi itself utilizes open data on events accessed through the Linked Events Helsinki API. One of the commercial users of the interface is the Chinese conglomerate Tencent in its WeChat mobile app.
The HRI steering group awarded the following open datasets published by Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority HSY with honorable mentions:The HSY orthophotograph was cited by the steering group for its merits in the routines of continuous maintenance. The solar radiation dataset of HSY was cited by the steering group for its environmental merits.Open interfaces enable enterprises and others to obtain data, free of charge and in easy-to-use formats, produced by the public sector as part of their operations.Read more:Helsinki Region
quality control of purchased services is based on the contract established with
each service provider. This contract is based on the service description used
in the invitation to tender for the service. The service description includes a
detailed definition of the quality requirements for the purchased service,
including the ratio of care personnel to clients being cared for and patients
(nurse staffing) and the competence requirements for staff, for example. The quality control of purchased services is based on close cooperation with service providers.
The City
controls the quality of services in numerous waysThe purchased services team of the City of Helsinki Social Services and Health Care Division regularly meets with service providers at shared negotiations, cooperation meetings and training events. Last year, for example, the team held a total of five cooperation meetings with service providers. We also carry out comprehensive audits of care units.Proactive quality monitoring is carried out primarily by way of self-monitoring by service providers, which is based on the statutory self-monitoring plans prepared by service providers themselves. We require care units to make their self-monitoring plans easily available and accessible to clients and their loved ones.We also carry out inspections on care units. Inspections are always carried out when new operations are started or existing operations are changed to a significant degree. The provision of treatment and care services is subject to a permit in Finland. One of the requirements of the permit is that the care location undergoes a control visit before stating operations.Inspections can also be carried out rapidly without advance notice if we receive feedback about inadequate service. The City receives feedback from clients, their family members and unit employees. All feedback received is thoroughly processed, and the submitter of the feedback is provided with an account of the situation. Anonymous feedback is also processed. We always request that service providers specify what kind of measures they will take to address the deficiencies and provide a schedule for said measures. If the agreed upon corrective measures are not carried out, the City will no longer offer the place of care in questions to clients. In extreme cases, the City may also transfer all clients from the place of care to other care units. Luckily such cases are rare. In most cases we are able to address the situation in collaboration with the service provider. The vast majority of private service providers are reliable partners who provide the residents of Helsinki with good care services, states Director of Assessment Operations Tuulikki Siltari from the City of Helsinki Social Services and Health Care Division. We
monitor realised nurse staffingHelsinki requires the providers of its purchased services to maintain the same nurse staffing level as the City does in its own services. The Citys own and purchased services are both subject to the same quality requirements in other respects as well.Care personnel staffing is based on the national quality recommendation for ensuring good care for older persons (Ministry of Social Affairs and Health 2013:11). The minimum number of trained personnel in around-the-clock care is 0.50.6 care workers per client per day. In its contracts, Helsinki requires the number of care personnel to be dimensioned in accordance with the clients needs and ability to function. Necessary care must be ensured at all times of day and the personnel must be present at the same operating unit. A care unit must have a staffing level higher than 0.6 if the clients exhibit difficult somatic or behavioural symptoms or when the size and/or structural framework of the care environment result in the need for additional personnel. The service provider is also obligated to raise the staffing level in exceptional situations, such as in the event of an epidemic.For example, if the care unit has 24 residents, the number of care personnel required is as follows:Number
  of care personnel requiredMorning
  shift6Evening
  shift5Night1Total12The realised personnel staffing level is considered to include the social services and health care workers who participated directly in the treatment and care of clients, such as nurses, public health nurses, practical nurses, social services counsellors, sociologists, Bachelors of Social Services, elderly care specialists and certain rehabilitation personnel, such as physiotherapists and occupational therapists. In addition to care personnel, the care unit must have 0.1 assisting staff per client for meal, cleaning and clothing care tasks.In the last two years, Helsinkis quality control efforts have been focusing particularly on realised nurse staffing levels.We request all providers of purchased services to provide us with reports on realised nurse staffing levels once a year. The service providers are not informed in advance of when and for which week the information will be requested, Siltari says.
How much
of the around-the-clock care services provided to the elderly in Helsinki are
purchased services?Helsinki purchases approximately half of the around-the-clock care services provided to the elderly. Currently the City purchases around-the-clock sheltered housing services for the elderly from 23 service providers and 56 individual units. The number of clients served with purchased services and service vouchers is approximately 1,500.
The redevelopment of Hmeentie will cause major changes to tram services: there will be no tram service in Srninen and trams 1, 6, 6T, 7 and 8 will be diverted to run via Kallio and Sturenkatu. The trams are set to return to Srninen in early 2020. The redevelopment of Hmeentie is scheduled to be fully completed towards the end of 2020.Buses will continue to run along Hmeentie and Mkelnkatu throughout the works but there will be changes to stop locations as the works progress. The metro will run as usual, but there will be changes to the entrances to Srninen Metro Station. In addition, the ticket hall roof at Srninen Metro Station will be replaced.Pipe and cable relocation works on Pirjontie in Maunula will affect in particular crosstown bus services in the area. Trunk route 550 as well as bus routes 51, 52, 63 and 552 will be diverted. The works will continue until summer 2020, after which the construction of a new light rail link will commence on Pirjontie, if the city councils of Helsinki and Espoo approve the new budget for the Jokeri Light Rail project.
Hop on the old carriage or steer a ship into an 18th century adventure at the City Museum's Children's Town. In the theatre, you can fool around with the puppets or the funny role costumes. Subsequently, enter the Sederholm shop, change roles and start playing a merry shopping game.For the youngest museum visitors, there is a special maritime play, reading and rest corner. In the crystal room, you can have your own packed meal. There is also a baby care room in the premises.On Korkeasaari, you can observe what the animals do to keep themselves busy in the winter, or just enjoy staying outdoors. On weekdays between 11 a.m. and 2 p.m., playground instructors organise activities that everybody can join. The zoo is open longer than usual, i.e. 10 a.m.6 p.m. on 1624 February.Under supervision of the guides, you can follow the feeding of the animals daily. At the same time, you will have the opportunity to hear what's up with the animals and how their own kind cope in the wild. The National Museum of Finland features the Vikings during the winter holiday week. Viking-era swords are exhibited in the central hall, and in the workshop, you can make Viking-style handicrafts. The theme of the guided tours is life in Iron Age Finland.The lights are turned off for the schools' winter holiday at the Museum of Natural History. What follows is a most murky adventure into Finnish nature. Will you be able to find the owls that hunt their prey at dusk? What does at bear look like in the torch's beam? Bring your own torch and experience the Finnish nature exhibition in dark colours during week 8 (Tue. 19Sat. 23 February) and week 9 (Tue. 26 FebruarySat. 2 March 2019).During the winter holiday week on 1924 February, you can build your own lightsabre in the Museum of Technology workshop. The workshop is suitable for at least 7-year-olds, including their parents. Adults, too, are welcome to do some tinkering. The entrance fee for the workshop is 7 euros, which you pay at the museum's ticket office before entering the workshop.The Museum of TechnologyTips on places to go and
things to doSkating, skiing and outdoor exercisesSchools in Helsinki go on winter holiday on 1822 February.The Palohein high jinks, precision throwing of snowballs, films, a YouTube workshop, theatre, urban exploration, the competition for the city's best snowman, and more. The Culture and Leisure Division offers fun and relaxed activities for the winter holidays. Have a look at the diverse offerings! The most nimble sports day event of the winter holidays at Tl Sports Hall and Liikuntamylly, suspense and brinkmanship at the water sports track Wibit Aquatrack. Jumping, bouncing and ball games are a must during EasySport week!Family day event in the Children's Traffic City  Driving pedal cars in crisp cold weatherDriving pedal cars and outdoor recreation in Helsinki centre. Fun and briskness for the whole family! 18 February 9 a.m.3 p.m.Mnsembly Winter 2022 February. The event at Maunula House centres on gaming during the winter holiday week. Various theme games and free gaming. Tournaments! Console games! Board games! Fortnite! Super Smash Bros! Escape room! The overnight LAN party is where Mnsembly culminates. Advance registration is required.Tasks are assigned to the participants, and you can, among other things, clean the pens and tend to the animals, and meet like-minded friends. The Fallkulla winter holiday activities are intended for 917-year-olds. 1823 February Fallkulla Domestic Animal FarmAll offerings for the
winter holiday in FinnishThe playgrounds mark the schoolchildren's winter holiday week on 1822 February. Come yourself, bring your mate and have fun in the playground.
The daily programme in the playgrounds include outdoor activities, exercises, playing and games. In addition, some playgrounds organise day camps and trips to many parts of the city for the schoolchildren. The playgrounds stay open on weekdays from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. The programme is free of charge.As usual, the Theatre Museum features Private Detective Agency Cat&Cat and some complicated mystery plot daily at 12 a.m.3 p.m. on 1922 February. You can join when it suits you, however no later than 2:30 p.m. The museum charges an entrance fee. Advance booking is not required.MyHelsinki hints: Fun activities for kids, young people and families during winter holiday weekWe
update the news item as we receive additional information about winter holiday
events.
The versatile events and activities park for the whole family in Kontula, Kelkkapuisto, will be rebuilt to comply with contemporary standards. In compliance with the suggestions of park users, the park will be complete with an international-standard skatepark. The street basketball court and the crushed-stone field will be renovated, and the surrounding forested area will be equipped with disc golf targets for the purposes of familiarizing people with the sport and giving them opportunities to practice.The Kelkkapuisto park is located in Kontula. In the north, the park borders on the Porttitie road and, in the west, on Kontulantie. Other neighbours of the park include housing areas with a variety of housing types comprising single-family, row and town houses as well as multistorey residential buildings. The area covered by the plan is approximately 12 hectares.The current operations in the area include a field surfaced with finely crushed stone for ball sports, a dog park and a ski track in winter. The former asphalt-covered skatepark is no longer in use, as old and dilapidated structures have been removed.The main objective of the park plan is to upgrade the Kontula skatepark. New park functions, spatial solutions and capacities will accommodate large-scale events and concurrent parking.The current asphalt field will be replaced with an international-standard skatepark with a total area of 2,500 square metres. The skatepark design is by landscape architect Janne Saario, who has special expertise in skateboarding.The current street basketball court and the ground-stone field will be renovated. The park furniture will be replaced, and the plans for the area include a drinking fountain and event electricity supply. The lighting of the skatepark will be replaced, and new lighting will be built on upgraded park paths.The crushed-stone field will be fenced off with a ball barrier, which will include a graffiti fence. The spectators area bordering the field will improve the area usability and pleasantness. Grassy surfaces will be strengthened to comply with the requirements of event parking and possible festival activities.The skatepark design was completed in interaction with users and local residents. Young people have commented on the outfits and general image of the skatepark in particular. They have shown high interest in the project from the very beginning.Construction at the site has been launched with water management operations. The construction of the skatepark will go underway in May 2019 and will take 1.5 years to complete. Dead and dangerous trees and shrubs will be removed from the whole park area. The management of the forested areas complies with Helsinkis current nature management plan, says project leader Jouni Sivonenof the City of Helsinki.
The park contractor is the City of Helsinki in-house construction company Stara.See
park plan (PDF 5.2 Mb)Rendering Contact: Project leader Jouni Sivonen Urban Environment Division  Tel. +358 (0)9310 38443 Site supervisor Mika Huovinen City of Helsinki Stara Tel. +358 (0)9310 70778Email addresses: forename.lastname@hel.fi
Originating from Helsinki, Slush Tokyo is a leading international technology and startup event in Japan. It is now organised for the fifth time and the event is expected to attract more than 6,000 tech professionals, 600 startups, 250 investors and 300 journalists on 2223 February. At the event, Helsinki is showcasing its unique Virtual Helsinki experience under the theme Sustainable Helsinki. Virtual Helsinki, first seen at Slush Helsinki in December 2018, is projected as a service platform for sustainable tourism. The City has created the experience platform in co-operation with VR studio Zoan.Helsinki will also collaborate with the Embassy of Finland in Tokyo to organise a game industry side event in connection to Slush Tokyo on 21 February. The event will feature ten game industry companies as well as a number of other players in the business. The speaker lineup at the event includes the likes of game industry veterans Peter Vesterbacka and Wilhelm Taht.There is a strong interest towards Slush in Tokyo and the event is used in the development of the local corporate culture in an increasingly innovative direction. The local organisers will again include an active group of volunteers and entrepreneurs. Slush's conquest of Asia started in 2015, when the event was arranged in Tokyo and Beijing. Slush events have also been arranged in Singapore and Shanghai since 2016. The Slush Helsinki 2019 event is arranged on 2122 November.Slush TokyoSlush Helsinki 
"The 15th judging sessionof The International Mobile Gaming Awards (IMGA) will be held February 25 & 26 at Helsinkis premier games industry venue, Games Factory.For the second consecutive year, the largest and longest-running global competition for mobile games will bring its jury of international experts to Helsinki to determine the winners of this years competition. Helsinki is the heart of the Finnish Game Industry, home to more than 100 gaming companies, and is widely considered the European capital of game design. The IMGA signed a three-year partnership agreement in 2018 with Helsinki, which secures a home for the competitions jury through 2020. During the two days judging period, industry experts will gather from around the world to play and judge more than 100 nominated games. Together they will determine this years Grand Prize winner, as well as 14 category winners representing the best mobile, AR and VR games and developers of the year.This years IMGA jury is comprised of a diverse cross-section of the industry, and includes journalists, developers, designers, and industry executives. This years jury also includes a large number of female judges, which is a direct reflection of the industrys growing efforts to eliminate the gender imbalance in STEM disciplines. Helsinki carries the best ecosystem for local connectedness in the world. The local gaming industry and community has contributed significantly to this success. The City of Helsinki together with the local industry are committed in keeping Helsinki region as the number one place to develop games in the years to come, said Tommo Koivusalo, Head of City of Helsinki's NewCo Helsinki.""Helsinki is where the first mobile game was created back in 1997: Snake, added Maarten Noyons, founder of the IMGA, Over the last 20 years, Finland has produced many of the most influential mobile games, some of which are even past IMGA winners. Our partnership with the city will join experts from around the world with the talented professionals already present in Helsinki, and will serve to showcase the region for all those who want to join this unique hotspot of talent and expertise.""Following the judging session in Helsinki in February, winners of the 15th IMGA will be announced in San Francisco on March 19, 2019, to coincide with GDC. The IMGA is the longest standing mobile games award program started in 2004. With its long history and unique judging process, it has recognized some of the worlds most popular titles in their early days, such as Candy Crush Saga and Clash of Clans. It is the only competition that unites the industry by celebrating excellence and innovation in games.International Mobile Gaming AwardsGames Factory"
  The hours when waste containers can be emptied will be extended as of the beginning of March 2019. From there onwards, waste containers can be emptied in the Helsinki inner city areas from 522 (from 5:00 a.m. to 10 p.m.). Elsewhere in the city, waste containers can be emptied from 721.The extended hours will ease morning traffic congestion especially in the Helsinki city centre, when garbage trucks wont be circulating to collect waste when people are commuting. The reform will also help to reduce emissions from waste collection and to improve the safety of waste collectors and others moving in the areas, says Petri Kouvo, Director of the Waste Management division of Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority (HSY).The reform was finalized by the HSY Board on Friday, 18 January 2019, by approving new waste management regulations for the Helsinki metropolitan area and Kirkkonummi. The new regulations will mainly take effect on 1 March 2019 only new waste collection responsibilities will take effect on 1 January 2021, after a transition period.From 2021 onwards, biowaste, plastic, glass and cardboard packaging materials, and small metal items will be collected from residential properties with five or more units. HSY responds with the reform to national recycling goals set by the EU and Finland.Read more:HSY
waste management regulations
Helsinkis busiest roads and streets have now been successfully cleared of snow following a period of exceptionally heavy snowfall. At present, the snow removal effort is focusing primarily on streets in residential areas and pedestrian and bicycle paths. The snow removal effort is expected to take several more weeks due to the sheer amount of snow needing to be cleared.Due to the exceptionally high amount of snow, the City has been making special arrangements to facilitate snow removal for nearly two weeks now.Removed snow is constantly being transported to the Citys eight official snow dumping sites, in addition to which the City has so far established 15 temporary snow dumping sites for its own use. For more information and the locations of the snow dumping sites (in Finnish), please visit hel.fi/lumenvastaanotto.The Citys official snow dumping sites have already received 55,000 lorry loads of snow this winter. Factoring in the loads delivered to the temporary snow dumping sites, the total amount of snow cleared is considerably higher. In an average winter, Helsinkis snow dumping sites receive approximately 50,000 lorry loads of snow.The City continues to use all the snow removal equipment that it owns, including lorries, in its snow removal efforts, in addition to which all of the Citys contractors have procured additional equipment. The Citys Maintenance Service has also intensified snow removal and the monitoring thereof at schools and daycare centres.Snow removal is currently being carried out almost around the clock. In order to reduce the resulting traffic congestion, the City has extended the opening hours of the Herttoniemi snow dumping site so that the Citys contractors can deliver snow on weekday nights as well. Around-the-clock operation is expected to remain necessary at least until the end of this week. The Oulunkyl snow dumping site can start operating at night, if necessary.Helsinki is not expected to receive any further major snowfall after Wednesday, so the situation is improving. However, the fact that the temperature has been fluctuating above and below zero has increased the need for gritting, in addition to which the overall workload is increased by the need to open rainwater outlets buried under the snow.Overall, the snow removal effort has proceeded in good cooperation with the citys residents. However, the Citys Maintenance Service would like to remind residents that snow removed from plots may not be dumped or stored on streets, even temporarily. Snow from properties can be transported to the Citys official snow dumps, if necessary.In the inner city area of Helsinki, properties are also responsible for the ploughing and gritting of pedestrian paths as well as removing snow banks formed next to pedestrian roads as a result of the ploughing of adjacent driving lanes.While the snow has narrowed access routes, causing challenges in regard to parking, the City is urging drivers to make sure that their parked vehicles do not obstruct routes reserved for rescue vehicles and trams.To facilitate the snow removal effort and make parking easier, the City has established temporary resident parking areas in the car park of the Katajanokka ferris wheel, at Hietalahti Market Square in Kamppi, at Fredrik's Square in Punavuori and at the sand field of the Hesperia esplanade in Etu-Tl. The plan is to also establish a resident parking area at Kampintori plaza this week.Some of the parking halls in the inner city grant a parking fee discount for people who are entitled to a resident parking permit. The discount agreement is valid for at least three months. For more information, please visit the Citys website.Those who do not need use of their car during the winter can also store their vehicle in the Citys car hotel in Tattarisuo.For more information, please refer to:https://hkistaging.hel.fi/static/hkr/katu/kokonaisvastuuhoitokartta.pdfhttps://www.hel.fi/helsinki/en/maps-and-transport/parking/residential/discount-for-parking-hallhttps://www.hel.fi/helsinki/en/maps-and-transport/parking/car/
The English section of the Helsinki-lehti bulletins new edition presents the first steps and next moves of Helsinki Central Library Oodi, a futuristic vision for Helsinki, and how music can be a powerful force uniting people across cultural boundaries.Oodi opened in December 2018 to be immediately embraced by the public with enthusiasm that took even the staff by surprise. In the first month of service, Oodi recorded 400,000 visitors, 70,000 loans and 2,000 new library cards issued.Whats best about our success is that Oodi has boosted the use of all Helsinki libraries, says Oodi Director Anna-Maria Soininvaara.Oodi complements literary culture with digital culture, and both cultures exist side by side, Soininvaara asserts, reflecting on Oodis success. Helsinki-lehtis regular series on the foreign-born population of Helsinki introduces Peruvian Camilo Pajuelo, an all-round man in music, who fulfills many roles: a performing guitarist, a poet, a musicologist at the University of Helsinki, a music teacher and a vice principal of International School of Music Finland.Music crosses cultural boundaries. You can understand music even if you dont understand a culture or know the language, Pajuelo says.Helsinki-lehti takes a look at the future of Helsinki, as envisioned by futurologist Risto Linturi, the first author of a recent report for the parliamentary Committee for the Future. Linturi urges citizens and all organizations to be prepared for robotaxis, self-diagnostics, virtual reality in homes and indoor farming, which will soon be everyday realities. Our lives will change one centurys worth in 20 years. We will be affected by enormous technological changes, Linturi envisions.
Read the above articles and more in Helsinki-lehti.
The Helsinki metropolitan City Bikes bike-share programme will expand from 150 docking stations and 1,500 bikes with 88 new stations and 880 new bikes for the 2019 season. The geographical reach of the programme will also expand, while current service areas will gain new stations.New docking stations will be placed especially in the vicinity of clusters of jobs, services and housing as well as at rail transport stops  that is, areas with the highest numbers of potential users. Programme plans have particularly emphasized eastern Helsinki, in accordance with the bike-share system policies.The programme owner Helsinki City Transport (HKL) also invited residents to express their views on new station locations at the Citys Kerrokantasi (Voice your opinion) online feedback service. The service received a particularly high number of responses  altogether 8,336.We were pleased with the number of responses, and we were able to increase the number of stations in the areas highlighted in the responses, such as Laajasalo and Viikki. The much-awaited expansion will spread the service evenly to all directions and all the way up to Ring Road I, says project engineer Samuli Mkinen of HKL.
  Helsinki and Espoo City Bikes were used for more than 3 million journeys in 2018. Users registered for the whole season 2018 numbered 48,500. Registrations for a week numbered 6,300 and those for a day 15,000. The bike-share season has been extended from the original, and the 2018 season lasted from April to the end of October. The popularity of the programme has produced a better financial outcome than expected, and the City of Helsinkis share of programme financing in 2018 was almost fully covered with user fees.The utilization rate of bikes in Helsinki is high by international comparison: bikes in Helsinki average 9 journeys per day, while the average with corresponding systems in many other cities is approximately 4 journeys per day. New bikes acquired for the expansion will ease the challenges for bike availability brought about by the high utilization rate. 
The 2019 City Bikes bike-share season will be launched in both Helsinki and Espoo on 1 April 2019. At first, the programme will run on the previous docking station network. It is estimated that the new stations included in the expansion will be installed and in use by the beginning of May. As in previous seasons, registration will begin a couple of weeks before the launch.On a map produced by Helsinki Region Transport HSL:City
Bikes docking stations in Helsinki and Espoo in 2019
  London and Helsinki will work together to embrace the opportunities presented by artificial intelligence, open data and digital innovation as part of a new agreement between the cities Chief Digital Officers.The City to City Digital Declaration  signed by Londons Theo Blackwell and Helsinkis Mikko Rusama  sets out several new areas of collaboration between the two capitals, including:
The Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, wants to see the benefits of new technology shared by all Londoners, and for that to happen in a way which protects Londons citizens, consumers, companies and economic interests.
London is Europes leading tech hub  its thriving tech community is growing rapidly and is driving much of the innovation across Europe. More than a third of all Europes tech giants are based in London and contribute in excess of 56 billion to our economy. In 2018, Londons tech companies received 1.8 billion of investment (nearly three-quarters of the total investment into entire UK sector (according to research published by the Mayors promotional agency, London & Partners, and Pitchbook).Helsinki produces almost 50 per cent of the tech sectors turnover in Finland: more than half of the countrys IT companies are based in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area. There are also sizeable telecommunications (more than 130 companies, 4,500 personnel), software development (1,900 companies, 18,300 personnel) and information supply (780 companies, 2,300 employees) sectors. Both cities have recently set out ambitious plans to mobilise their talent, assets and data to improve quality of life for their residents  and are keen to share best practices and expertise in order to meet social, environmental and economic challenges.
Londons Chief
Digital Officer, Theo Blackwell, said: London has made huge advances in the application of data and smart technologies for the benefit of those who live, work or visit here. We should always embrace the opportunity to share our civic tech innovations, particularly with fellow European cities, as we are demonstrating through the Sharing Cities initiative.This Digital Declaration sets out a formal framework for co-operation between Helsinki and London to develop our respective in-house expertise and links with the tech sector to use city data to improve the lives of our citizens.I hope this will act as template for future collaboration between Londons civic tech pioneers and those internationally. Helsinkis Chief
Digital Officer, Mikko Rusama, said: Helsinkis vision is to be the most functional city in the world that makes the best use of digitalization. Developing our data and AI capabilities and assets are important enablers to this vision. Helsinki has been one of the leading cities in opening up and promoting the use of open data.Ethical and transparent use of data and AI will be essential in building trust. We want to collaborate with leading cities like London on common challenges cities are facing. This declaration is a starting point for a deepening collaboration between Helsinki and London.
  As the number of aged people grows in the industrialised West, retirement is increasingly presented as a golden age, a culmination of lifestyle full of youthful vigour, hobbies and action. But those opportunities are not available to everybody. Those who are ailing and afflicted by illness easily miss out on mainstream experiences, leading to exclusion.The Old Age exhibition at HAM shines a light on that aspect of ageing which is so often ignored: the part that hurts, often quite literally, the part that you can feel in your joints and bones, even in your soul. That time of life when the mirror shows you the deepening furrows and you become aware of the finiteness of life.The Old Age exhibition examines ageing candidly but with respect. While some of the works address old age directly, others acquire a new momentary meaning in light of the shows theme.The exhibition features drawings, prints, an installation and videos, altogether 37 works by 10 artists. The featured artists are: Pasi Autio, Alice Kaira, Santtu Koivu, Maarit Kotiranta, Markus Lampinen, Ulla Liuhala, Sirkka Penttil, Eeva Tiisala, Rafael Wardi and Charlotta stlund.
  Old Age at HAM mix13.2.20.10.2019tickets 0Read moreHAM
Ulkoliikunta.fi, the service offered jointly by the Cities of Helsinki, Espoo and Vantaa, has been in use for thee years now. The service has been developed and will be developed based on user feedback and experiences. Currently, the Ulkoliikunta.fi service provides seasonal information on the usability of ski tracks, ice skating rinks and beaches, such as the condition of ski tracks and ice skating rinks and the cyanobacterium status on beaches. The service is intended for providing updated information on sports facilities, so that customers are able to determine which services are available, and in what condition. See the service from here: https://ulkoliikunta.fi/ Completing the questionnaire should only take around 510 minutes. Submit your answers for a chance to win movie tickets! Thank you for your participation! NOTE! Survey is closed.Link to the user survey: https://response.questback.com/isa/qbv.dll/ShowQuest?QuestID=5314084&sid=ZE1kmuMYQa
Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority HSY monitors air quality at five new locations in 2019: at the West Harbour, in Pirkkola, on the Lnsivyl expressway in Friisil, on Talvikkitie in Tikkurila and in Kirkkonummi. The measurements are used to assess the impact on air quality of port operations, wood-burning stoves and fireplaces, and traffic.HSY monitors air quality continuously both at fixed monitoring stations and at four movable stations placed at different locations in the Helsinki metropolitan area for one year at a time, says Maria Myllynen, head of the air protection unit of HSY.During 2019, two of the movable stations are placed in Helsinki: they are used to monitor the impact of the West Harbour on air quality in Jtksaari as well as air quality in the Pirkkola area with single-family, semi-detached and row housing.The other two movable air quality monitoring stations in the Helsinki metropolitan area this year are located in Vantaa and Espoo respectively  on Talvikkitie in Vantaas Tikkurila and on the Lnsivyl expressway in Espoos Friisil. An additional monitoring station is placed in the centre of Kirkkonummi.Air quality monitoring operations in Jtksaari focus on the concentrations of air pollution produced by ships at the Port of Helsinkis West Harbour, including nitrogen dioxide, sulphur dioxide and particles of different sizes. Air quality monitoring was begun on Tyynenmerenkatu in Jtksaari in the first week of January. Also monitored will be the concentrations of dust produced by the area construction sites. The monitoring of dust concentrations will begin at the beginning of March.In Northern Helsinki, HSY focuses on the impact on air quality of the burning of wood in stoves and fireplaces as well as traffic in areas with single-family, detached and row housing. HSYs air quality monitoring station in Pirkkola focuses especially on the concentrations of fine particles, black carbon and carcinogenic compounds. These measurements are complemented by light sensor sites comprising lightweight air quality monitoring instruments placed in the adjacent single-family, semi-detached and row housing site of Palohein. Additional sensors are used to study the dilution of emissions from traffic at various distances from Ring Road I.HSYs air quality monitoring network comprises 11 fixed monitoring stations in the Helsinki metropolitan area, Myllynen explains. These stations produce information on the concentrations of particles in the air, fine particles and nitrogen oxides, among other pollutants. Air pollutants can cause symptoms for people suffering from pulmonary and cardiovascular disorders, seniors and small children. The risk groups represent approximately 20 percent of the population. Exposure to air pollutants can be avoided by checking the current air quality. Anybody can easily do so on HSYs
air quality pages. Read more:Helsinki
Region Environmental Services Authority HSY
The City of Helsinki has received feedback about the lack of snow removal at and dangerous amounts of snow on the roofs of schools and daycare centres.The Citys Maintenances services have urged the companies responsible for the removal of snow from yards and roofs to rectify the situation as soon as possible. The companies have reported hiring more personnel for both mechanised and manual snow removal in order to make all City-owned properties safe again.The snow removal efforts will be monitored by the Citys technical building managers. If the situation does not improve by Monday 11 February, the City will begin to purchase supplementary snow removal services from other service providers.Snow removal from roofs is being and will be carried out on all properties where excessive snow on roofs poses a hazard. It is the responsibility of property managers to mark off dangerous areas with fences or by other means until snow removal can be carried out.
From 15th until 17th February 2019 the Helsinki SkyWheel and Allas Sea Pool are the base for the 5th Quantum Game Jam an intensive weekend during which game makers and physicists get together with the aim of creating games that harness the nature of quantum mechanics.For the general public there will be the opportunity to chat with a physicist while riding on one of the gondolas of the SkyWheel as well as come see and play the games produced during the Game Jam then after on Sunday. Throughout the whole weekend, there will also be a playful art installation available for play for the entire audience. By playing Quantum Garden, anyone can be part of a scientific exploration.Quantum Wheel is organized in cooperation with Finnish Game Jam, University of Turku, Aalto University and IBM Zrich. At use for the game makers the research group of Turku Quantum Technology lead by professor Sabrina Maniscalco offer their highly developed quantum simulator. Also available will be actual quantum computers usable through the IBM Q Experience, a cloud-based platform.More informationQuantum WheelHashtags#quantumwheel #quantumjam
Highly popular City Bikes programme
expands eastward and northward. See new stations on map.The Helsinki metropolitan City Bikes bike-share programme will expand from 150 docking stations and 1,500 bikes with 88 new stations and 880 new bikes for the 2019 season. The geographical reach of the programme will also expand, while current service areas will gain new stations.New docking stations will be placed especially in the vicinity of clusters of jobs, services and housing as well as at rail transport stops  that is, areas with the highest numbers of potential users. Programme plans have particularly emphasized eastern Helsinki, in accordance with the bike-share system policies.The programme owner Helsinki City Transport (HKL) also invited residents to express their views on new station locations at the Citys Kerrokantasi (Voice your opinion) online feedback service. The service received a particularly high number of responses  altogether 8,336.We were pleased with the number of responses, and we were able to increase the number of stations in the areas highlighted in the responses, such as Laajasalo and Viikki. The much-awaited expansion will spread the service evenly to all directions and all the way up to Ring Road I, says project engineer Samuli Mkinen of HKL.City Bikes programme keeps growing in popularity Helsinki and Espoo City Bikes were used for more than 3 million journeys in 2018. Users registered for the whole season 2018 numbered 48,500. Registrations for a week numbered 6,300 and those for a day 15,000. The bike-share season has been extended from the original, and the 2018 season lasted from April to the end of October. The popularity of the programme has produced a better financial outcome than expected, and the City of Helsinkis share of programme financing in 2018 was almost fully covered with user fees.The utilization rate of bikes in Helsinki is high by international comparison: bikes in Helsinki average 9 journeys per day, while the average with corresponding systems in many other cities is approximately 4 journeys per day. New bikes acquired for the expansion will ease the challenges for bike availability brought about by the high utilization rate. 
The 2019 City Bikes bike-share season will be launched in both Helsinki and Espoo on 1 April 2019. At first, the programme will run on the previous docking station network. It is estimated that the new stations included in the expansion will be installed and in use by the beginning of May. As in previous seasons, registration will begin a couple of weeks before the launch.On a map produced by Helsinki Region Transport HSL: City
Bikes docking stations in Helsinki and Espoo in 2019
A queue management app to reduce truck queues, a digital traffic prediction service and a ride sharing service for ship passengers. These are just some of the smart mobility pilots with which the City of Helsinki has sought to streamline traffic in the West Harbour area.The rapidly increasing traffic volume of Helsinkis West Harbour has made the area the busiest passenger port in the world, with nine million passengers traveling between Helsinki and Tallinn every year. In addition to passengers, 650 trucks drive through Jtksaari peninsula every day. The FinEst Smart Mobility project, and the objective of which is to streamline traffic in Helsinkis West Harbour and Tallinns Old City Harbour, seeks solutions to the traffic challenges with the aim of reducing emissions, noise and other negative impacts of traffic in the ports and cities of Helsinki and Tallinn. The City of Helsinki has tackled the topic in collaboration with its innovation company Forum Virium Helsinki by organising pilots in Jtksaari, focusing on how these challenges could be solved with the help of digital services. These pilots are now almost complete and the results are already in.The ecosystem provided by the project has allowed participating companies to develop tailored innovations for the needs of West Harbour and to utilise shared knowledge with other companies contributing to the project. The collaboration between companies and public administration has also proven how important the exchange of information is for the further development of services and for the end-user experience. When it comes, for example, to the accuracy of the traffic situation prediction of the West Harbour, having access to data on actual ferry traffic arrival times and being able to utilise that data is absolutely essential, says Project Manager Suvi Hnninen from the City of Helsinki.The project allows the City of Helsinki to improve its competence in regard to the development and practical application of agile digital services. The accumulated know-how is especially valuable in areas such as the West Harbour, where the limitations of the physical environment necessitate flexible solutions in addition to traditional infrastructure building to ensure a high-quality living and business environment, she continues. Streamlining traffic is a very concrete example of how Helsinki can utilise openly shared data collected from multiple sources and harness it to serve the citys residents and companies. By doing so, we are developing Helsinki into the most functional smart city in the world with the help of data, summarises Development Director Pekka Koponen from Forum Virium Helsinki.As regards heavy traffic, the project has tested a queue management system for trucks that is based on individual arrival times. With the help of the GoSwift application, drivers are kept updated on the ideal departure time and route from their starting point all the way to the harbour. The idea behind the application is to minimise time spent at the harbour and easing congestion resulting from trucks arriving in Jtksaari, where the available parking area is limited.Meanwhile, a new API created by Fleetrange provides real-time schedule, location and arrival data on the ferry traffic between Helsinkis West Harbour and Tallinn, supporting data users and app developers to optimise traffic flow and reliability. In this way, the API also allows ferry traffic to be better integrated into other traffic.Another area of development is the collection and analysis of information concerning land traffic. The first step has been the testing of a real-time traffic fluency model and a smart traffic management system developed by Infotripla, which can help in the preparation for and reduction of traffic peaks caused by arriving and departing ferries.The project has also involved the piloting of a ride sharing service produced and developed by Kyyti Oy, of which objective has been to make it faster for the ferry passengers to travel from West Harbour to Helsinki Airport, when compared to public transport.Collaboration with the Estonian Road Administration is also continuing. One of Forum Viriums partner coders is currently facilitating a project in which the Finnish digitransit.fi journey planner will be implemented in Estonias national journey planner (peatus.ee).The objective of the FinEst Smart Mobility project is to reduce emissions, noise and other negative impacts of traffic in the ports and cities of Helsinki and Tallinn. The aim is to tackle these challenges through intelligent traffic solutions. The project will run until autumn 2019.The FinEst Smart Mobility project has a budget of EUR 1.8 million and it is co-funded by the Interreg Central Baltic programme. The project is being carried out by the City of Helsinki, the City of Tallinn, ITL Digital Lab, the City of Vantaa, Forum Virium Helsinki, and the Estonian Road Administration, with Helsinki Region Transport as associated partner.Forum Virium Helsinki is the innovation company of the City of Helsinki, which aims to build Helsinki into the most functional smart city in the world in collaboration with companies, the scientific community and residents.More informationFinEst Smart Mobility
  Helsinki City Council has approved a general plan for a pedestrian and cycling underpass connecting the Kansalaistori square and Kaisaniemi. This route will constitute the main cycling connection in the Helsinki city centre. The total cost of the project is estimated to be approximately 23 million euros.The underpass will run underneath the Helsinki Central Railway Station rail yard. It will connect incoming cycling routes from eastern and western Helsinki to the city centre. The underpass will be located north of the current pedestrian underpass extending from the Kaisaniemi park to the Elielinaukio square.The goal of the project is to provide a direct and fast connection from Lnsibaana  that is, the express cycling route from the western inner city in Ruoholahti via underneath Mannerheimintie to the Tl bay area  to the eastern side of the rail yard, first to the Kaisaniemi park and further to the east and to the north. The route will be the main cycling connection in the city centre.The new underpass is expected to boost the appeal of cycling and to improve the coverage of the cycling network.The investment programme of the Helsinki city budget makes a reservation for the project implementation in 20192023. The construction of the underpass is estimated to take two years.Project investigations for the new connection included two alternatives to implement the connection with a bridge. The related discussions conducted in conjunction with the general plan preparation and feasibility study involved representatives of the City of Helsinki Culture and Leisure Division, the Finnish Transport Infrastructure Agency, and Senate Properties, which manages a major part of the real estate assets owned by the Finnish state. Helsinki residents provided feedback on the plans through various channels, including an open meeting held at the Kaisaniemi park and the Kerro kantasi online feedback service.Read more:Structural
drawingGeneral
plan and a detailed
account of the plan (both in Finnish)
During 2019, the City of Helsinki is reworking the Non-discrimination Plan for the City's services. You now have the possibility to affect the contents of the Non-discrimination Plan and tell your own experiences of non-discrimination and equality in the services of the City. As part of the evaluation of the current situation, the City of Helsinki and the non-discrimination commission use the questionnaire to find out the opinions of the City residents on how non-discrimination and gender equality is realised in the services of Helsinki. Your opinion is very important to the development of the new plan, so we really appreciate replies to the questionnaire. QuestionnaireRead more:Equal Helsinki
Helsinki continues to plough streets and transport snow away after a bout of exceptionally heavy snowfall. The most important routes were ploughed by Monday, and the clearing of residential streets is still under way. If the weather conditions worsen, most efforts will be focused on clearing main streets and public transport routes.Snow is removed by both the Citys own service provider Stara and private contractors. According to reports from the contractors, all of the most important routes in Helsinki were cleared by Monday morning, 4 February.The ploughing of residential streets has started throughout the city, and the situation varies from district to district. Most of the resources are focused on central areas of the City, i.e. areas with the most traffic and footfall. In addition to this, the City is combatting the slippery conditions on streets.The entire fleet of the City is in use, i.e. a total of 400 ploughs and lorries, and Stara and other contractors have increased their machinery by an additional approximately 30 per cent.The Citys snow dump areas are currently receiving 4,0005,000 loads of snow daily. This means that the amount of snow dumped weekly corresponds to almost the entire amount of snow dumped in an average winter, that is approximately 50,000 loads of snow.There is an exceptional amount of snow now, which is why the eight snow dump areas of the City have started to fill up. As a result, the City and the contractors have established and are establishing additional snow dump areas around the City.Premises in central Helsinki responsible for clearing pavements and snow removal.The lack of space for the storage of snow and the parked vehicles making it difficult to plough roadways pose challenges particularly in central Helsinki. Due to the poor condition of many pavements and piles of snow scattered around Helsinki obstructing the view, you should be extra vigilant in traffic. The Urban Environment Division will be processing any feedback on these issues as quickly as possible.Premises must also stay active in combatting these difficult weather conditions. The City clears roadways in central Helsinki, but each property is responsible for ploughing their section of the pavement, removing the snow and spreading gritting sand onto the pavement. In central Helsinki, properties must also remove banks of snow accumulating next to the pavement after the roadways have been ploughed and transport the snow to the Citys snow dump locations.The snow in courtyards and on top of roofs is the responsibility of the property elsewhere in Helsinki, too, as is clearing the entryway to the property after the streets have been ploughed. The snow must be transported to the Citys snow dump locations. Snow from properties must not be dumped on streets or in parks, and pavements must always be kept clear of snow.The City to establish temporary parking areasPublic transport is operating well in Helsinki, considering the circumstances. In order to ensure that rail traffic is able to operate, some temporary parking and stopping restrictions have been put in place around central Helsinki.The City has established a temporary resident parking area in Etu-Tl on the gravel pitch in Hesperianpuisto (3040 spaces) to facilitate snow removal and parking. As of Tuesday 5 February, the City was looking into establishing a resident parking area in the parking area of the Katajanokka Sky Wheel (approx. 20 spaces). The City will be looking into the possibility of establishing more parking areas this week.According to information provided by the Finnish Meteorological Institute on Tuesday 5 February, more snow is expected in Helsinki nearly every day this week. Snow has been falling in Southern Finland for an extended period of time now.Earilier newsHelsinki prepares for flurries of snow this weekend
The people of Helsinki have submitted 1,260 proposals about how they would like to see their own housing area and Helsinki developed. Until the beginning of December, it was possible to submit proposals for improving the residential satisfaction to the OmaStadi service. Some of the popular themes have been sports facilities, cultural projects, environmental issues and resident premises. Last year, Helsinki expanded the dimensions of direct democracy by opening 4.4 million from the City budget for the city residents to decide, every year. Helsinki is the first Finnish municipality to introduce participatory budgeting to this extent.From proposals to plans at OmaStadi RaksaThe City invites the makers of the proposals which have been chosen for further development to join the work and turn the proposals into actual plans that are put to the vote. The plans are compiled together with the people of Helsinki, the City's employees, communities and companies in the OmaStadi.hel.fi service and at local OmaStadi Raksa meetings. An OmaStadi Raksa meeting is arranged in each of the seven major districts of Helsinki. Furthermore, there will be one OmaStadi Raksa meeting which concerns the entire City. You can participate in the Raksa meetings even if you have not made a proposal of your own, but want to participate in the drafting of the OmaStadi plans.Several similar proposals that concern, for example, the same topic or the same area, can be combined in the plans. The plan can also be compiled out of proposals that are different from each other. The objective is to make a sensible amount of concrete and feasible plans.Get to know the plans and comment on them in the OmaStadi.hel.fi serviceThe plans are registered in the OmaStadi.hel.fi service, where they can be followed and commented. Later, the elaborated plans are put to the vote, and the people of Helsinki decides which are realised.Sign up for the OmaStadi Raksa meetings. For more information about the OmaStadi meetings, contact your local borough liaison.#omastadi #omastadiraksaRead more:The OmaStadi service Participatory budgetingOmaStadi Raksa workshops Borough liaisons and other contact persons
"Helsinki aims to be the world's most functional city and to offer the best possible conditions for urban life, both for those who already live in the city and for those who contemplate moving here. One of the distinctive features of a modern city is to have well-run English-language services and to be mindful of people from different backgrounds. Mayor Jan Vapaavuori has appointed a committee with the task of looking into the development needs of the city's English-language services. The committee includes representatives from the city's administrative divisions but also from Supercell and Neogames Finland.Helsinki must nurture its ability to make itself an appealing place for international professionals as a means to safeguard the city's future success. This will have an impact on the city's ability to generate vitality, attract investments and innovations and cope with the competition against other international metropolises.The city's objective is to take the needs regarding English even better into consideration, to develop new English-language services and to be more active in its communication with expatriates already residing in the city and to attract new international professionals to Helsinki.The population with foreign background grows in importance as the city becomes increasingly international. Almost half of the country's inhabitants with foreign background live in the Helsinki metropolitan area (i.e. the Capital Region). Out of Helsinki's population, 15.5 percent are people of foreign heritage. About two-thirds of the population growth in the Capital Region originates from beyond Finland's border. ""Helsinki as an international and growing city is pitted in direct competition against other big cities, for instance, with regard to how it is able to attract professionals and investors. For Helsinki to grow more attractive, the city will be required to work with determination to become more international and to offer better services in English, e.g. to families that move here. The committee has been given the task to clarify the present state of the services and to assess where improvements are most urgently needed,"" says Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.Together with the national government, the universities and the business life, the city has initiated a set of measures regarding industrial policy to be able to match the needs of an increasingly international city. The objective is to attract skilled labour and, through improved English-language services and information etc., to make it easier for international professionals who arrive in the region to commit to the Finnish society and labour market. For instance, the number of students that can be enrolled in English-language schools and early childhood education will be doubled, as high-quality education is an important reason for international professionals to choose to settle in Helsinki.The committee that has been appointed by Mayor Vapaavuori will draw up a proposal in February/March and prepare the realisation of essential services in English whose availability there is the most pressing need to address. The committee is chaired by head of unit, immigration and employment services, Ilkka Haahtela. The other committee members are communications director Liisa Kivel, project manager Elina Nurmi, planner Elina Eskel and senior planning officer Laura Kyntl from the City Executive Office, the pedagogical expert Satu Koistinen from the Education Division, project manager Olga Silfver from Helsinki Vocational College, development planner Tiina Larva from the Culture and Leisure Division, and communications manager Jaana Juutilainen-Saari from the Social Services and Health Care Division. The committee is joined by expert members Melanie Dower, who is a manager at Supercell, and KooPee Hiltunen, the director of Neogames Finland."
  The Chinese New Year continues to celebrate when the Winter Sports meet Chinese New Year event brings winter sports to the Jpuisto Ice Park in February 6th.The event is organized as part of the Finnish and Chinese winter sports cooperation in 2019.During the Winter Sports meet Chinese New Year event participants can enjoy the Chinese New Year's atmosphere while trying out a variety of different winter sports.
The event is hosted by Olympic speed skater Mika Poutala and other top-level winter sports athletes will make appearances during the evening.The event is free of admission and the Ice Park skate rental is also free of charge during the event.Ice Park
   6th February at17.00-20.00Read more:Ice Park
  Well-functioning harbours are of crucial importance to Helsinki residents, the area economy and travel and tourism. Port of Helsinki, the City of Helsinki Urban Environment Division and the Helsinki City Executive Offices Economic Development have engaged in extensive collaboration to develop harbour transport and traffic, especially at the West Harbour. The City of Helsinki now applies a number of new measures to tackle related challenges.Transport-related investments and land use planning always go hand in hand in Helsinki. Simultaneously, Helsinki ensures that all modes of transport and the level of competitiveness of the transport sector required by the area economy are taken into consideration.The Helsinki City Strategy stipulates that active measures be taken to develop the logistical connections of businesses and traffic arrangements that improve economic competitiveness. Ensuring better traffic flows at the West Harbour in particular plays a key role in these efforts, says Helsinki Economic Development Director Marja-Leena Rinkineva.Harbour traffic represents only about 10 percent of the total traffic volume of the West Harbour area, but traffic peaks occurring several times a day present a challenge.Our city planners and Port of Helsinki experts have investigated various approaches for easing traffic flows. One measure already implemented is additional lanes on the streets of Tyynenmerenkatu and Lnsisatamankatu, which ease both incoming and outgoing traffic flows. We are now looking for other planning solutions, especially for Lnsilinkki, that is, the juncture of Jtksaarenlaituri and Mechelininkatu, says Mikko Aho, Executive Director of the Urban Environment Division.Aho continues, Its important to keep in mind that the harbour brings benefits to the development of the overall area of Jtksaari. Owing to the harbour, the residents of Jtksaari can enjoy an exceptionally broad range of services. For example, the area has been served by trams from the first stages of development. The tram network will expand in the next few years.Traffic volumes are a challenge, as they have grown faster than anticipated in the city plan for the area. The significant growth in vessel sizes and its effect on traffic peaks were also not anticipated in the planning stage.
We have introduced a dynamic pricing system based on the peak periods of the day, and our goal is to direct growth from the West Harbour, and from the South Harbour, too, to slower periods and to the Vuosaari Harbour. In addition, the remaining truck traffic in Jtksaari will be directed to Tyynenmerenkatu, that is, to the eastern sections of Jtksaari, instead of the western sections of the area. This measure will further improve resident comfort and ease traffic flows, says Port of Helsinki CEO Ville Haapasaari.The goals with the measures are to improve public transport, driving and cycling connections to all Port of Helsinki harbours. In addition, West Harbour traffic flows will be eased with the help of various smart systems, for example, to control traffic lights and to provide such information to drivers that helps them to take the best route to the harbour. Improved public transport ticketing and pricing systems will support the projected growth in sustainable modes of transport. Helsinki Region Traffic HSL already offers a public transport day ticket that is combined with the ferry ticket.The Port of Helsinki is Finlands biggest general port and one of the worlds busiest passenger ports. More than 12.3 million passengers passed through the port in 2017. The busiest of the ports passenger harbours is the West Harbour, as the main harbour serving the HelsinkiTallinn route. Vessels on that route carried more than 9 million passengers in 2017, and the growth trend is expected to continue.The City of Helsinki and Port of Helsinki have together applied for and have been granted significant CEF/TEN-T support funding by the European Union, especially for the overall investments to develop the West Harbour in 20122023, a total of 43.1 million euros.A precondition for the EU funding is advancement of land and sea connections serving the HelsinkiTallinn sea route as part of the pan-European transport network. The measures defined in the funding plan include improvements in the West Harbour transport connections and removal of existing traffic bottlenecks.These goals are also supported by the Twin-Port 3 project, which extends to 2023. The project has been granted a total of 21.4 million euros of EU funding. The partners in the Twin-Port 3 project are the Ports of Helsinki and Tallinn, the City of Helsinki and the shipping companies Tallink, Viking Line and Ecker Line. The total costs of the transport and traffic development in the scope of the project are 71.2 million euros.Read more:Port of Helsinki
Health powered by A Grid, Health Capital Helsinki, NewCo Helsinki, Terkko Health Hub and Upgraded are joining forces to create a series of Health Talks events, focusing on the contemporary and future topics relevant to health and life science entrepreneurship and innovations. Through this cooperation the organisers wish to provide more interesting content in a centralised way, so that startups wouldnt have to use their energy trying to spot the interesting events from different channels. We aim to provide the health and life science ecosystem a variety of high-quality events under one Health Talks brand. The events can include workshops, keynotes, training sessions, reversed pitching or more relaxed networking  however we want each event to bring concrete added value to the participants explains Christian Lardot from NewCo Helsinki.All of the stakeholders have their different strengths and focuses, so for us its only natural that we work together instead of trying to compete over the participants and risking having overlapping topics says Rashad Ismayilzada from Terkko Health Hub. We have already been working together in the background and marketing each others events  so this joint brand is also about streamlining our own operations says Hanna Ala-Hongisto from Health Capital Helsinki.By working together, we aim to be the leading event brand within the health startup ecosystem. This cooperation started from the capital region, but were happy to welcome other cities to join as well! explains Leigh Ewin from A Grid.During this spring we will already host one Health Talks event in Tampere HealthHUB, and we hope to also share the Health Talks through live streaming, so startups from all over the world can take part says Sara Hrml from Upgraded.Health Talks will be arranged approximately once a month, usually at Terkko Health Hub but also at different locations around the capital region and Finland.Readthe original articleA New Era of Health TalksMore informationHealth Talks Trainings 2019
  In the planning and renovation of the new operations at Finlandia Hall, the valuable work of Alvar Aalto will be treasured, while bringing new features to the building and its services. Thanks to the temporary facilities, called Little Finlandia, Finlandia Hall will remain open to customers throughout the renewal project. The plans for this large-scale renovation have been completed and are entering the phase of political decision-making.
 According to the City Strategy, Helsinki will make investments in large cultural and sports events and attracting and creating conferences. The renewal of the architecturally valuable Finlandia Hall is a significant part of the implementation of this strategy, notes Deputy Mayor Anni Sinnemki, who is responsible for the Urban Environment Division.
 The Buildings and Public Areas Sub-committee of the City of Helsinki Urban Environment Committee will discuss the project plan of the renovation on 7February 2019. The final approval for the project plan will come from the City Council.The main building of Finlandia Hall, completed in 1971, is nearly 50 years old. According to condition examinations, the building is in need of an extensive renovation. Finlandia Hall will be repaired and restored from top to bottom and renovated from the plumbing to the faade. New services targeted at consumers will be located in the building while observing the protection the construction enjoys. One of the greatest challenges of the renovation project is fitting the latest technology into the building in a discreet manner. The technical building services systems are to be renewed throughout the building. The interior of the building is to be restored, keeping as much of the original as possible. Accessibility and lifts will be improved.
 Finlandia Hall is one of Alvar Aaltos main works, and an internationally significant architectural site. We have worked in close cooperation with the planners of the buildings renovation, and are eager to see the cooperation continued, says Managing Director Tommi Lindh from the Alvar Aalto Foundation. The construction costs calculated based on the project plan are 119million euros. The facades of Finlandia Hall are to be replaced in connection with the renovation. The material will be selected towards the end of this year. The facade costs will make up some 1215% of the overall costs, of which the material costs are less than half. The renewal will expand the uses of the building for Helsinki residents and tourists. The renewal will start in spring 2022. The work will be completed and the building taken into use in two phases: the conference wing in spring 2023, and the main building in summer 2024. Finlandia Hall will be available for conference and event use throughout the renewal project, because a temporary building called Little Finlandia will be built next to the Hall by the shore. 
The Tlnlahti area is becoming a new and interesting city space in Helsinki. Little Finlandia and the new services of Finlandia Hall are important even for Helsinki as a city of tourism and events, says Helsinki Marketing CEO Laura Aalto, who is responsible for city marketing.
"For the first time, the beloved Moomins can be experienced as 3D animated characters in a new family drama series of 13 episodes. Moominvalley is a Finnish-British coproduction, whose world premiere will take place in February 2019. In Finland, the series will be shown on Yle's TV channels beginning on 25 February 2019.The TV series had its opening night for an audience of invited guests on 25 January in Helsinki. In attendance was a substantial number of guests from many parts of the world, in particular from Japan.""The City of Helsinki invited our Japanese partners to celebrate the release of the Moominvalley series. The series is an excellent demonstration of the wide cooperation that is needed to lift Finnish creative knowhow into the international news cycle"", says Taina Seitsara, senior advisor at the city's Economic Development Division.The festive premiere was opened by Deputy Mayor Nasima Razmyar.Tove Jansson and the Moomins are enshrined among our most cherished national treasures. Jansson lived and worked all of her life in Helsinki, where the sea that meant so much to her is ever-present. Jansson's art can still be noticed on a daily basis. The most recent expression of this is the fact that her illustrations are on display in the premises of the New Children's Hospital"", Razmyar asserts.The Moominvalley series gives us adventures where joy and laughter, exciting encounters and the tender attitude of the Moomins are all intertwined. The themes of the episodes carry a lesson of humanity and love, too. All the episodes in the series are new versions of Tove ja Lars Jansson's original stories.The visual expression of the animated series conforms to extraordinarily high standards as innovative techniques have been used in the development of the series and painterly elements have been blended with characters in 3D. Finnish top actors have given the Moomin characters their voices and the original music of the series has been composed by Pekka Kuusisto and Samuli Kosminen. Additionally, music by international top artists will be heard in each episode.The production company behind the series is Gutsy Animations together with Yle. Marika Makaroff, who has previously been involved in several award-winning TV series in Finland and Sweden, fulfilled the tasks of creative director and executive producer. The series was directed by Oscar winner Steve Box, who is famous for, among other things, the beloved animated film ""Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit"". The prize-winning screenwriter pair Mark Huckerby and Nick Ostler and producer John Woolley are on their part names who can be found behind the well-known animated series ""Shaun the Sheep"".Further informationMoominvalley(Image: Moomin Characters & Gutsy Animations)"
Finland's biggest employer, the City of Helsinki, has started the search for summer workers. New employment opportunities are published during the spring. The Cool Summer! project's summer job application period for 1620-year-olds and the summer job application period for 1617-year-olds start on 4 March and ends on 18 March at 04:00 PM. The City Divisions and municipally owned companies will hire about 4,000 summer workers in total. The City-owned enterprises will also hire summer help.Applications for the City of Helsinki summer jobs are to be submitted electronically through the City recruitment page at Helsinkirekry.fi. An application deadline is shown separately at each job advertisement. Job seekers should check the site regularly, as new positions are announced almost every week during spring. Open jobs at the City-owned enterprises are applied for through each entity's own website.The City hires summer workers, for example, in care work, park maintenance and various office tasks, as lifeguards, as planning trainees, as construction helpers and in sports site maintenance. The Social Services and Health Care Division is also looking for care students and professionals as substitutes for annual leave absentees.The Social Services and Health Care Division offers summer jobs to almost 700 practical nurses, nurses, public health nurses or care students. The summer recruitments have started in January with themed walk-in events, where information is provided especially on summer jobs in home care. At the event, participants can submit a summer job application and learn more about summer jobs directly from supervisors and recruitment consultants.There is oneinformation event left: 6 February at Kontula service centre (Kontukuja 5). The event has open doors from 01:00 PM to 05:00 PM.The application period for summer job in care starts at Helsinkirekry.fi on 7 February.The City of Helsinki's summer jobs are popular and an abundance of applicants is expected this year as well. Last year, there were more than 22,000 applications, of which about 13,000 came from 1617-year-olds. During the previous summer job period, there were more than 4,000 summer workers and substitutes for annual leave absentees.Last year, the most popular jobs, in terms of number of applications, were outdoor swimming pool cashier, IT trainee, housing adviser, caf worker, customer adviser, library assistant, property maintenance trainee and early childhood education assistant.With the Summer voucher, the City of Helsinki reimburses 300 euros of the wages of 9th graders hired between 2 June and 11 August. A numbered and personal voucher is given to every 9th grader in Helsinki, 5,500 in total.A voucher holder can accept a summer job with any business, association, foundation or parish. Last year, the voucher helped create 1,000 new summer jobs.Young people looking for their first summer job get application hints from Ohjaamo Helsinki's information events and the new Summer job guide 2019 leaflet.Many summer job information events are arranged at Ohjaamo (Fredrikinkatu 48) during the spring:- Ohjaamo's summer job information events for applicants aged under 30: 30 January at 01:00 PM, 6 February at 01:00, 20 February at 01:00, 6 March at 01:00, 20 March at 01:00, 10 April at 01:00 and 8 May at 01:00- Pop up summer job information for applicants aged 1517: 6 March at 05:00 PM (in Finnish and Swedish)- Ansio course for applicants aged 1517: 3 February and 3 March at 12:00 Noon  05:00 PM. Registrations at: duunisauma.munstadi.fiHelsinki Central Library Oodi (Tlnlahdenkatu 4) hosts two summer job events as well:- CV workshops for applicants aged 1517: 6 February at 03:30 PM  05:00 PM and 05:00 PM  06:30 PM (14 persons/group, places available on a first come, first served basis)- Responsible summer job recruitment event: 26 February at 02:00  05:00The Summer job guide 2019 leaflet (in Finnish)is available online on the Ohjaamo website.In addition to the events, Ohjaamo's information desk is open Monday through Friday from 12 Noon to 05:00 PM. Guidance and support is available for all things in the life of a young person.Further informationHelsinkirekry.fi: Summer jobs Summer voucher 
The most extreme snowstorm of this winter is expected to hit Helsinki
this weekend. The City has initiated special measures to ensure street
maintenance during these extreme weather conditions.According to a weather report by the Finnish Meteorological Institute this morning, a snowstorm is expected in Helsinki in the evening of Saturday, 2 February. 1520 centimetres of new snow is expected by Sunday afternoon. The heavy snowfall may continue in Helsinki from Sunday evening to Monday evening.Snow has been falling in southern Finland for several days now, which means that there is already plenty of snow on the ground. The increasing amount of snow is making conditions worse for transport and traffic, which may result in very challenging conditions for commuters over the weekend.The entire fleet of machinery of the City of Helsinki is already in use to clear away snow, and the City will arrange for more workers and machinery in order to manage these dire conditions. The City is also currently looking into organising temporary parking in areas such as market squares and open areas.Snow is removed by both the Citys own service provider Stara and private contractors.The streets, pavements and cycling routes in Helsinki will be cleared according to their maintenance class, i.e. urgency. Primary routes, or main streets, and public transport routes will be cleared first. Residential streets will follow.The best way to tackle this issue is through cooperation. The City reminds residents to stay alert in traffic and observe requests to move their vehicles. You should not disturb the contractors while they are working  it is not safe to approach any machinery in the street.The City would also like to remind you of your responsibilities concerning snow. The City clears roadways in central Helsinki, but each property is responsible for ploughing their section of the pavement, removing the snow and spreading gritting sand onto the pavement. In central Helsinki, properties must also remove banks of snow accumulating next to the pavement after the roadways have been ploughed.
The cities of Helsinki, Tampere and Vantaa are preparing to join the Suomirata or Finland Railway project company, which is tasked to develop the country's main rail line. Finland Railway will in due course enable direct and fast transportation between Helsinki city centre and Helsinki-Vantaa Airport, direct long-distance train transportation from the main line to the airport and an approximately one-hour ride from Tampere to Helsinki. Finland Railway will to a large extent benefit rail traffic development opportunities and all of Finland.The ministerial committee on economic policy today resolved to establish a new government-owned limited company to serve the railway project companies. Out of the project companies, the Finland Railway company is ready to be launched and is the one that is the easiest to advance.The establishment of the project companies is conditioned on other public corporations or publically owned corporations that have a stake in the project joining the company as shareholders. The cities will shortly initiate their own processes for deliberations and decision-making. The government invests initially 15 million euros in the Finland Railway project company, and it is expected that the other stakeholders invest altogether 15 million euros. Thus, the government will remain the majority owner of the project company.Concerning years 20192021, the project company has been given the mission to promote the planning of the project and to bring together other potential owners that might invest in it. The objective is to bring about a situation where also the next cabinet will render the construction of Finland Railway its backing. Finland Railways is the most important and urgent development project within the entire Finnish railway system. Without innovative, new financial models, nationally important infrastructure projects would be delayed for decades due to the lack of budget resources. The importance of rail traffic as a means of sustainable transportation is growing, but the main rail line is badly congested already as it is. The main line serves a large part of the Finnish population hence, it is in the entire country's interest that the Finland Railway project is being promoted speedily, Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori asserts. Just by investing in Finland Railway, we have the opportunity to develop a substantial part of all of Finland, to generate new jobs and tax revenue for the whole country and to advance our climate goals. For ambitious targets you need ambitious solutions, Tampere Mayor Lauri Lyly states.The project is important due to the fact that it aims to solve the problem of capacity shortage that the whole main line suffers from. This is a problem that has already for a long time been the topic of joint discussions between the cities and towns along the main line together with VR, Finavia and Finnair. From the point of view of national competitiveness, the most urgent part of the Finland Railway project is to develop the railway section between Helsinki and the airport and further on to Tampere as this is the section with the most traffic. The first step is to get started with the planning with the objective to open up this well-known bottleneck, Vantaa Mayor Ritva Viljanen says.The Finnish main rail line will officially be linked to the Trans-European Transport Networks (TEN-T), which constitutes the nucleus of European transportation. This makes it possible for Finland to receive EU funding for the investments and to funnel it into Finland Railway in the future. Finland Railway will bring Finland economic growth, employment and enterprises during the construction and also after it has been completed. The project is not about regional policy, but instead a large complex with consequences that stretch the whole country, Vantaa Mayor Ritva Viljanen elaborates.Finland Railways goes along with a vision where it is integrally linked up with the European railway network and the global network of airports. This will have a considerable impact on national competitiveness. The participation of the local governments is based on the fact that faster transportation affects geographical accessibility, the regional economy, the region's appeal and development. The government should play a strong role as financier of infrastructure in coming years as well. Without it, it is hardly possible for any project to advance. The new cabinet should remember this, Tampere Mayor Lauri Lyly points out. If Finland Railway becomes true, it means that the entire country would have substantially faster connections with Helsinki-Vantaa Airport. At the same time, investments in Finland Railway will improve our connections with other parts of the world as well. This is a matter of destiny for a small export-oriented country, its increasingly international cities and its globally operating enterprises, Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori summarises.#suomirata
  Finlands largest festival of contemporary classical music, Musica nova Helsinki, will again be delighting audiences in Helsinki in February. The current edition of Musica nova will present musical dialogues across the Atlantic: the dialogues will be conducted between Boulez and Cage, Feldman and Beckett, Lang and Andriessen, and Nuorvala and Warhol.The programme of the festivals opening concert on Friday, 1 February, to be held at the Helsinki Music Centre, includes Anna Thorvaldsdottirs Metacosmos and Bryce Dessners Concerto for
Two Pianos. The concerto will be performed by the internationally renowned piano duo Katia and Marielle Labque.One of the gems of the Musica nova 2019 programme is the world premiere of an opera composed as many as ten years ago: this is Juhani Nuorvalas opera FLASH FLASH  the two deaths of andy warhol, which is a portrait of the life of American artist Andy Warhol.Musica nova Helsinki is one of the leading contemporary music festivals in Europe. This biennial festival presents some of the most significant Finnish and international contemporary classical music. Musica nova Helsinki was launched in 1981, when it was named Helsinki Biennale. The festivals artistic director is Andr de Ridder. The main organizers are Helsinki Festival, the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra, the Finnish National Opera, the Tapiola Sinfonietta and the Finnish Broadcasting Company Yle.Read more:
  Helsinki ranks seventh among cities worldwide in the Global Talent Competitiveness Index (GTCI), which assesses the ability of cities to grow talents and to attract them to their regions as well as to retain talents.The top three cities in the index are Washington, DC, Copenhagen and Oslo.According to the index report, Helsinkis strengths include the number of international organizations located in the city, access to the internet in households and the percentage of residents with university education.Helsinki ranked best, placing fourth, in the subcategory of growing talents, assessed by criteria that included lifelong learning and employee development.In the country ranking of the survey, Finland placed sixth, as in 2017. In the city ranking, Helsinki dropped from fifth place in 2017.The GTCI report was published at a GTCI meeting held on 21 January during the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.
GTCI country rankings have been published since 2013 and city rankings since 2016. Finland and Helsinki have generally ranked high in the index.The survey for GTCI is conducted by the business school INSEAD, Adecco Group and Tata Communications. According to a City of Helsinki assessment, the Global Talent Competitiveness Index is methodologically the most transparent of all international surveys related to attracting talents.Read
Helsinki Region Transport HSL will continue to expand its trunk bus network in 2019. Route 500 between Itkeskus and Munkkivuori will replace route 58 in August at the start of the autumn timetable period. At the same time, route 510 between Herttoniemi and Westendinasema will replace route 551. The purpose of these trunk routes is to make travel both faster and more punctual.More services will be added on elsinki bus routes 55, 56 and57. Route 56, Kannelmki-Kalasatama, will begin operating at weekends. The most significant change in commuter train services will be the merging of the K and N trains at the start of the autumn timetable period. The new train will be identified by the letter K, and like the N train, it will also stop at Kpyl, Pukinmki and Oulunkyl. No significant route changes have been planned to tram services, but after the public transport terminal in Pasila opens in the autumn, the termini for trams 2 and 7 will be moved from Lnsi-Pasila to Pasila Station.Read moreHSL
"HSLs environmental bonus scheme helps to cut carbon emissions from bus services procured by HSL and reduce nitrogen oxides and fine particulate levels in the Helsinki region.In 2019, HSL will pay 1.7 million euros in environmental bonuses to bus operators who cut their particulate and carbon emissions. HSL awards bonuses for using biodiesel, bioethanol and biogas as well as for exhaust gas after-treatment.HSL has conducted bidding rounds for environmental bonuses since 2012. In this bidding round, four bus operators submitted a total of 65 bids. The bids were ranked by cost-effectiveness.Use of biodiesel, bioethanol, biogas and exhaust gas after-treatment will help to reduce carbon emission from buses by 18.6 tons, nitrogen oxides by 20.2 tons and fine particles by 530 kilos a year.HSLs goal is to reduce nitrogen oxide, fine particle and carbon emissions affecting air quality by more than 90 percent from 2010 levels by 2025.Our goal s to improve air quality in the Helsinki region and to reduce greenhouse gases as quickly as possible. Environmental bonuses allow us to compensate the operators for costs incurred by measures to reduce emissions,"" says Tero Anttila, HSLs Director of Public Transport Department.Read more: HSL"
  A new cost estimate has been completed for the Jokeri Light Rail development project. An updated project plan and the related cost estimate will proceed to an approval process in the city governments of Helsinki and Espoo during the spring of 2019. If both cities approve the new cost estimate, construction can go underway in June 2019. If construction can be started in June 2019, the light-rail line can go into service in June 2024.The final cost of the Jokeri Light Rail line is estimated to be 386 million euros, calculated with December 2018 price levels. The share of Helsinki of the total cost is 268 million and that of Espoo 118 million euros of the total estimated cost. Calculated with the price levels of 2015, when the previous project decision was made, the cost estimate totals 368 million euros. That is, the cost estimate has increased by 93 million euros, calculated with April 2015 price levels, from the cost estimate that formed the basis of the previous decision on the project.The cost estimate is based on plans and calculations finalized in the alliance development phase. An alliance, as the project implementation model, produces a maximally accurate and a well-grounded cost calculation: if the project remains below the cost estimate, service providers earn a bonus, and if the project exceeds the cost estimate, service providers will be responsible for the overruns as relate to their share of project implementation. The alliance project implementation model always produces cost transparency, and invoicing is based on real costs, says Juha
Saarikoski, the project manager for the clients of the Jokeri Light Rail project.
The City Councils of Helsinki and Espoo approved a cost estimate for the Raide-Jokeri project plan in June 2016. This cost estimate was 275 million euros according to April 2015 price levels. Because the new cost estimate is higher than the first cost estimate, the project costs will again proceed to decision-making by the cities. The decision-making process will start in Helsinki, where the Executive Board of Helsinki City Transport (HKL) considers the matter on 25 January 2019. In Espoo, the process will start with an Espoo City Board consideration on 28 January 2019. Thereafter decision-making will proceed to the City Councils of both cities. The goal is to start Raide-Jokeri construction in June 2019. If construction can be started in June 2019, service can be launched on the light-rail line in June 2024.The implementation of the Raide-Jokeri light-rail line includes the construction of a depot and the procurement of the light-rail fleet, as well as the development of light-rail infrastructure. In addition, the cities would commission such projects from the Jokeri Light Rail alliance that should ideally be implemented in conjunction with the light-rail line construction. In addition to the light-rail infrastructure, the alliance would develop the depot in Helsinkis Roihupelto the cities will make separate decisions on the depot in the course of the spring of 2019. The cost estimate for the depot, produced by the alliance, is 69.5 million euros calculated with November 2018 price levels.The clients in the Jokeri Light Rail alliance are the Cities of Helsinki and Espoo. The service providers are YIT Suomi Oy and NRC Group Finland Oy (formerly VR Track Oy) as well as the design and engineering organizations Sitowise Oy, Ramboll Finland Oy and NRC Group Finland Oy.
Jokeri Light Rail
  The City of Helsinki has launched a virtual entity to commemorate those who were buried on Santahamina island in Helsinki as a consequence of the civil war in 1918. This entity consists of a virtual tour (with the aid of VR glasses) to the places where things happened on Santahamina in 1918, and of a map-based online exhibition of places with memories from the war.Over the decades, the ways to remember the Civil War have varied, and commemoration policy has influenced what kind of memorials have been erected in Helsinki. The new Memorial Sites in Helsinki (1918) website shows, with location data, the graves and memorials in Helsinki of the events in 1918, such as the memorials in Liisanpuisto square and on the hills of Mntymki and Thtitorninmki.The website also presents some historical data on the burial sites, such as where in Helsinki those killed in battle have been buried, how the dead were treated and transported, and why they were buried where they were. The website also shows what the historic sites of the civil war look like today. The website is available in Finnish, Swedish and English.Virtual memorial of those buried on SantahaminaA so-called virtual monument of those who, due to the civil war in 1918, were buried on Santahamina island takes the viewer  with the aid of VR glasses  for a virtual tour to the graves. Besides the visual experience, viewers are given some historical knowledge about the prisoner camps on the island and about the history of the memorial. The names of the war victims are also included in the virtual memorial, which can be seen in two places, namely in Helsinki Citys central library Oodi and in the Military Museums Manege out on Suomenlinna island fortress. The virtual memorial is in Finnish or SwedishFocus
on democracy, reconciliation and reconstruction The City of Helsinki wanted to commemorate the events of 1918 with regard, especially, to democracy, reconciliation and reconstruction, with a focus on citizens memories and reminiscences and in a context of research and education. The resident perspective and everyday reality, in other words how it was to be a Helsinki citizen back then in 1918, are emphasised. In addition, the idea has been to bridge past and present and give people of our time an idea of the impacts of the civil war on residents everyday life back then and how the impacts can be seen in the city even today.The projects of the commemoration year also included  besides the virtual memorial and website  the drama production Vihan kevt  Helsinki 1918 (i.e. Spring of Hatred  Helsinki 1918) as well as a photo installation and a related drama-pedagogical programme by the name of Nuoret
sodassa (i.e. Young People at War) designed for 13-16 year-old school children.
When setting up the virtual memorial and the website about places containing memories from the war in 1918, Helsinki City's History Committee and Helsinki City Museum cooperated with the Tiedeagentuuri Oy science agency. The VR experience was created by Verge Media Oy and the website by Agenda Helsinki. The project cooperated with the following archives: Kansan arkisto (peoples archive), Tyven Arkisto (workers archive), Suomalaisen kirjallisuuden seura (The Finnish Literature Society), Svenska litteratursllskapet i Finland (SLS scholarly society). The data on those who perished in the camps for red prisoners and those buried in the mass graves of Santahamina were produced by Helsingin sotasurmat, a research project on the war victims in Helsinki.The address of the online exhibition: https://muistopaikat1918.hel.fi/en/. The virtual monument can be watched 
The ongoing Pysy pystyss anti-slipping campaign is here to remind us that by paying attention to the right footwear and focusing on walking, everyone can prevent slipping and falling. You should be aware of possibly slippery conditions and choose appropriate footwear before you go out.According to a new survey by the Finnish Road Safety Council, up to 40 per cent of Finns say they have experienced a hazardous situation in traffic during the past year due to wearing shoes that are too slippery for the prevailing weather conditions.The daily commute is usually the most hazardous time in terms of accidents. You should remember that slippery conditions affect us all, regardless of the way we travel  and regardless of our age. Most injuries caused by slipping and falling happen to working-age people. However, the injuries caused by slipping and falling tend to be more severe in the elderly compared to younger people.When it is slippery outside, you should focus on walking. Walking on frozen surfaces and staying upright requires focus and an awareness of your surroundings so that you are able to notice areas that lack gritting sand or are uneven or otherwise slippery in time. You should wait to look at your phone when you get to your destination, not on the way. Pay attention to the choice of footwear  good shoes for slippery conditions have low, wide heels and an outsole made of soft material with good traction. Focus on walking. If you are paying attention to your mobile phone instead of walking, you can be taken by surprise by the slippery conditions. Be prepared. When you are alert, you are better equipped to avoid slippery areas. Use anti-slip guards  anti-slip guards attached to the shoes or permanent studs fixed to the shoes provide good traction. Check for warnings. You can check the pedestrian weather warnings on the Finnish Meteorological Institute website. Provide feedback on the maintenance of courtyards and passageways. Spreading gritting sand and clearing away snow helps others stay upright, as well. Maintain good physical health. Being in control of your own body and being in good physical condition help you to remain upright. Be aware of the fact that alcohol in your bloodstream elevates the risk of slipping and falling.Read more:The Pysy pystyss anti-slipping campaign (in Finnish)Finnish Road Safety CouncilThe Finnish Meteorological Institute's smartphone weather applicationWarnings (also weather warnings for pedestrians): en.ilmatieteenlaitos.fi/warnings
Open day at the VuosaariFamily and Health and Well-being Centre on Friday 1st February 12.30-15. 
  During the day the guests can explore the Centre at the address Kahvikuja 3. 
 The event is opened byDeputy Mayor Sanna Vesikansa.
During the visit you can also become acquainted to photographs of Mika Laitinen who is a photography enthusiast from Vuosaari and takes pictures of Vuosaari and it's nature.
Coffee service.Welcome!
Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori's resident evening is arranged at Pukinmenkaaren peruskoulu on Thursday 24 January. During the evening that starts at 07:00 PM, the residents can ask the City of Helsinki's Executive Directors and the Mayor questions concerning Pukinmki. The event ends at 08:30 PM.By showing up earlier at 05:30 PM at the Pop Up event market, the visitors can exchange thoughts with the experts in charge of the drafting and realisation of local policies. The event is arranged by the Helsinki City Executive Office together with the Pukinmki-Seura association.You can send thoughts and questions to the organisers in advance here. The advance questions will be considered in the preparation of the resident evening. The resident evening will be broadcast live and made available later as a recording on the Helsinki channel. At the resident evening, there is a childcare service for children over 3 years of age, arranged in co-operation between the Pienperheyhdistys ry association and the Maahanmuuttajanuorten Helsinki project.The school address is Kenttkuja 12.#pormestarinasukasiltaVoice your opinion questionnaireFacebook eventPrevious resident evenings on the Helsinki ChannelPukinmki-Seura - Bocksbacka Sllskapet ry
Video (in Finnish)
Photos
The Helsinki City Council approved at its meeting of 16 January 2019 an alteration to the detailed plan for the buildings of the Malmi airport. As a result of the alteration to the plan, the airports terminal building, hangar and garage are protected as buildings with high value from architectural and historical perspectives and in terms of their contribution to the cityscape.The alteration to the detailed plan designates the buildings as non-residential buildings and enables diverse uses. The buildings can accommodate public services, commercial operations, offices, teaching facilities, warehouses, exhibition spaces, meeting spaces, cafs and restaurants, sports facilities and other recreational operations.
The total floor area of the protected buildings is 7,500 square metres. The area covered by the detailed plan is part of the nationally significant Finnish built environment.All decisions made by the City Council meeting of 16 January can be read in the meeting
document (in Finnish).
  The Helsinki City Council elected Otso Kiveks as Council Chair at the City Council meeting of 16 January 2019. Kiveks has chaired the City Council group of the Greens political party since 2015.Prior to his current position as City Council Chair, Kiveks has served the City of Helsinki in several other elected positions: Vice Chair of City Board (2015), Chair of the City Boards Information Technology Sub-committee (20132017), Chair of the Executive Board of Helsinki City Transport HKL (20132014) and a member of the Public Works Committee (20112012). 
Kiveks, aged 39, is employed as Chief Digital Officer and business development manager at a Finnish corporation.Tuuli Kousa, the previous City Council Chair, announced in the autumn of 2018 that she would be stepping down as City Council Chair.The City Council also elected the Councils two Vice Chairs at the meeting. Harry Bogomoloff (National Coalition Party) was re-elected as First Vice Chair and Pentti Arajrvi (Social Democratic Party) was re-elected as Second Vice Chair.The term in office of the current City Council Chairs will end with the election of new City Council Chairs in June 2019. Because of an alteration to the City of Helsinki rules of governance, as of 2019 the City Council will elect new Council Chairs for a yearlong term in office at the first Council meeting in June of each year.Read more:Councillor
Otso Kiveks (in Finnish)A video
blog by Otso Kiveks (soundtrack in Finnish)
Application process for berths in Helsinki to become electronic The application process for berths rented out directly by the City of Helsinki will become electronic in stages. New berths are primarily applied for by using an electronic form at venepaikat.hel.fi from 17 January 2019 onwards.At this stage, the electronic application process only pertains to new berth applications. Later this spring, the service will be expanded to also concern applications for berth exchanges and winter storage. The commissioning of electronic application systems will not affect the processing of applications submitted earlier, and you do not need to re-submit any previous applications.The new electronic application process has been developed in cooperation with boaters in Helsinki. We want to design services that truly meet user needs. The electronic berth application process is part of the digitalisation programme of the Culture and Leisure Division, whose objective is to offer better and more user-friendly services to the residents of Helsinki. We will continue to serve customers who struggle with using digital services by offering customer services face-to-face and over the telephone. However, our objective is to make digital services so simple and easy-to-use that anyone can use them if they wish, says Project Manager Suvi Ervamaa from the Vene Helsingiss project.Using the electronic form is free of charge. You can still use a paper form to submit your application, which you must bring to the customer services department of the boat berth reservation service personally. This is subject to a handling fee of 8 euros. You can print out forms on the berth application website or collect them at the customer service department. The customer service department for berth reservation is open 916 MondayFriday in the Tl Sports Hall at Paavo Nurmen kuja 1 E. Advice over the telephone is available by calling 09 310 87900 at 914 MondayFriday.Apply for berth: venepaikat.hel.fiFurther information on services offered to boaters by the City is available at hel.fi/boating. 
  Parking charges in Helsinki are managed with the help of a data warehouse labelled Parkkihubi (parking hub). Data can now be accessed from Parkkihubi through an open interface. This open interface makes the Helsinki parking data, rendered anonymous, available to all users. For example, the data could be used to develop an app for automotive navigation systems to inform drivers of newly vacated parking spaces.The open interface of Parkkihubi was launched in September 2018. Navigation systems and parking apps can now obtain real-time data through the interface on the parking status in the approximately 1,800 parking zones of Southern Helsinki.The development of the open interface was made possible by the fact that parking enforcement has shifted from pen and paper to fully electronic tools.Today three out of four parking charges are paid with smart phones using various apps, says the Parkkihubi project manager Lauri Uski of the City of Helsinki Urban Environment Division.The most widely used mobile apps for paying parking charges in Helsinki are currently Easypark and Parkman. When a user of one of these apps vacates a parking space, information on the free space is registered in Parkkihubi and is available through the open interface for use by any digital service.Up to one-quarter of traffic in the Helsinki city centre is caused by drivers looking for free parking spaces. Rendering the Parkkihubi data anonymous means that the locations of individual vehicles are not available from the open interface.Read
more in Finnish:Helsinki Region Infoshare  open data service
  A competitive bidding process is underway to find an alliance consultant for the future light-rail connection between the Helsinki city centre and Laajasalo in eastern Helsinki. The outcome of the process will be a call for bids to project alliance partners during 2019.The Crown Bridges project  Kruunusillat in Finnish  will be implemented as a combination of two types of contract: the two bridges connecting Kalasatama and Kruunuvuorenranta and the construction of earth structures at Helsinki Zoo on the Korkeasaari island will constitute a lump-sum contract, and other construction work will be carried out in compliance with the alliance model.The work that constitutes the lump-sum contract will be separate from the scope of the alliance, because the plans for the bridges of Kruunuvuorensilta and Finkensilta were drawn up in conjunction with the design competition that was held earlier.
The goal is to commence construction in 2020, likely with dredging in the Helsinki Zoo water area.
The alliance contract model is a contracting method in which the various parties, that is, the client, designers and contractors, are united as one organization at an early stage of the process to jointly design and implement the project.A lump-sum contract is the conventional contract type. The client signs a contract with one contractor, and the contractor implements the work on the basis of the design provided by the client.The Crown Bridges connection will be a 10-kilometre tramroute connecting Laajasalo, Helsinki Zoo on Korkeasaari, Kalasatama and the city centre. It will also provide a new maritime route for cyclists and pedestrians.The most visible parts of the project are three new bridges: Kruunuvuorensilta (Kruunuvuori bridge) connecting Kruunuvuorenranta and Helsinki Zoo, Finkensilta (Finke bridge) connecting Helsinki Zoo and Kalasatama, and Merihaansilta (Merihaka bridge) connecting Nihti and Hakaniemi. Kruunuvuorensilta will be the longest bridge in Finland with its total span of 1,200 metres. The Hakaniemi bridge will also be rebuilt in conjunction with the project.The connection is scheduled for completion in 2026.Read more:Crown Bridges
  Lux Helsinki once again attracted huge audiences to enjoy brilliant light art. The light festival, which took place from 5 to 9 January in the Kansalaistori square and the Etu-Tl district, has established itself as one of the highlights of the winter season in Helsinki for many local residents and visitors.This years Lux Helsinki was in many regards bigger than ever before, with a record number of installations, events, Lux Helsinki Eat restaurants and partners. Altogether the festival offered close to 30 main light installations, a programme of events in more than 10 locations, and a festival menu served by 34 participating restaurants.Lux Helsinki is growing all the time into a more important and internationally recognised urban event celebrating both light and art. There are no signs of waning interest in the event on the contrary, more and more visitors are coming to Helsinki in wintertime to experience the light art, says Ilkka Paloniemi, Curator of Lux Helsinki.Lux Helsinki attracts families, friends and loved ones to enjoy the art together. The light festival offers something for everyone and creates shared experiences.Lux Helsinki once again presented a diverse range of light art by dozens of artists using traditional and modern techniques. The light art clearly delighted, engaged and touched audiences. The Lantern Park, a true Lux Helsinki classic that is created each year collectively, in particular drew praise, as around 300 individual lanterns created a dreamlike and magical atmosphere in the idyllic surroundings of Villa Hakasalmi.Another favourite was Large Pendulum Wave by Dutch artist Ivo Schoofs, which captivated audiences with its hypnotic movements and mesmerising music children and adults alike could be seen dancing the night away in the Nervanderin puistikko park. Reflection
Studies by American artist Zach
Lieberman also delighted audiences with its innovative and interactive appeal the installation invited members of the public to play with various letters and shapes around a light table, which projected the motions and patterns onto the wall of the Kunsthalle Helsinki art museum.LuxHelsinki
There will be an increased amount of network refurbishment, renewal and construction work carried out in both the district heating and the electricity network during the winter and spring season of 2019 in anticipation of Finland's EU Presidency starting in July.The refurbishment and renewal work on the district heating and electricity networks is part of normal network maintenance to ensure that homes will be kept warm and the lights switched on. The growing city also needs new sections of network. Finlands EU Presidency in late 2019 will restrict the amount of work carried out in the street areas. As a result, construction and maintenance work on the district heating and electricity networks in Helsinki will take place in the early part of the year.Read more:Helen
The metro will not operate from Itkeskus to Mellunmki and Vuosaari on Friday evening 11 January 2019. On Saturday 12 January and Sunday 13 January, the metro will not run from Lauttasaari eastwards. Metro services will be replaced by replacement buses, tram 11 as well as buses 147N, 20X and 21X. The disruption is due to the installation of a new interlocking. Metro services between Itkeskus and Mellunmki and between Itkeskus and Vuosaari will be disrupted from Friday evening 11 January 6pm. The metro will from Matinkyl and Tapiola to Itkeskus.Metro services between Lauttasaari and Mellunmki and between Lauttasaari and Vuosaari will be disrupted 12-13 January. In other words, there will be no metro service from Lauttasaari eastwards over one weekend. All westbound trains will run from Lauttasaari to Matinkyl. The metro will run between Lauttasaari and Matinkyl every five minutes on both days.On Friday evening, the metro will be replaced by buses 99MX, Itkeskus (M) - Mellunmki (M) and 99VX, Itkeskus (M) - Vuosaari (M). The buses will run approximately from 5.30pm. They will run every five minutes approximately until 8.30pm, after which they will run every 10 minutes until the end of service just before midnight.On Saturday and Sunday, the metro will be replaced by the following buses from Lauttasaari and Railway Square (Rautatientori) to East Helsinki:Read more:Helsinki Region Transport
  In the spring of 2019, Helsinki Art Museum HAM will present the first-ever solo exhibition in the Nordic region of Polish artist Pawe Althamer (born 1967). The audience will come face to face with the artist in startling self-portraits, collectively created sculptures and video documentation. The year 2019 will mark the passage of 150 years since the birth of Ellen
Thesleff. Ellen Thesleff (18691954), with her boyish haircut, was a radical woman who did what she wanted and who lived for her art. The exhibition will highlight Thesleffs trailblazing and evolving art, but also her personal history through texts, photos and archival materials.What are the residents of Helsinki afraid of? How can you liberate yourself from your fears? At the Helsinki City Museum, Aleksanterinkatu 16, you will have the opportunity to face your own fears. The exhibition goes on until the end of March. The Carefree City is an exhibition that is on display at Villa Hakasalmi all through the spring and summer until early September.In February, for the first time in Finland, Amos Rex Art Museum will put on show artworks of the Belgian surrealist Ren Magritte (18981967), famous for his pipes and bowler hats. On display will be works from different periods in Magrittes career, providing a multifaceted overview of the development of the artists oeuvre. Magritte was a film enthusiast and, besides visual art, the exhibitions supplementary programme will take over the silver screen at the Bio Rex cinema.Ateneum Art Museum will display works of the Czech artist Frantiek Kupka (18711957), who is known as a pioneer of abstract art. This retrospective of the painter, who enjoyed a long career in Paris, will enable viewers to explore the history of Western art: the stage-wise transition from traditional portraiture towards abstract expression. In June, Ateneum introduces Silent Beauty, an exhibition about Nordic and East Asian interaction as their art share the idea of everyday beauty and a connection with nature. The exhibition will juxtapose visual art, architecture, ceramics, and textile art from Finnish and Swedish collections, the Japan Folk Crafts Museum in Tokyo, and the Museum of Modern Art, Kamakura & Hayama.The theme of the Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasmas 2019 programme is goodness. The exhibitions and performances will explore the ideas of giving, sharing, hospitality and encounters. In February, the internationally renowned New York-based Icelandic artist Hrafnhildur Arnardttir, a.k.a. Shoplifter, will bring her art to Kiasma's fifth-floor galleries.Shoplifter exploits synthetic hair and creates massive installations that are subtly humorous. Finnish artist Iiu Susiraja is famous for her candid self-portraits in which she poses for the camera in everyday situations at home and in absurd situations. Her exhibition at Kiasma opens in March.Kunsthalle Helsinki will present a comprehensive retrospective featuring a leading name in Finnish art, Paul Osipow (born 1939). The exhibition provides an enlightening overview of the artist's creative evolution. Beginning in March, the Sinebrychoff Art Museum will put on display an exhibition about the usage of gold and blue in European fine arts and artefacts. Select pieces by contemporary artists are set in dialogue with art from bygone times. Blue and gold have traditionally carried certain significances, which largely have remained unchanged, but through the interpretation by contemporary artists, these colours acquire new and additional meanings. The Didrichsen Art Museum's Pro Arte acknowledgement has been awarded to visual artist Karoliina Hellberg. The prize that continues the legacy of the museum founders is awarded to a young artist, now for the fourth time.There will be a private exhibition of Hellbergs paintings at Didrichsens from 25 January to 5 May 2019.Beginning in March, Villa Gyllenberg's new exhibition Sigrid Schauman, Art as an Expression of Emotions, examines Sigrid Schaumans conception of art as it appears in her paintings and the art reviews that she wrote about contemporary exhibitions.The Design Museum will open an exhibition about Ruudt Peters (born 1950) in January. Peters, an artist from the Netherlands, is a trailblazer of contemporary jewellery design. In his jewellery, which has been described as rebellious, he has tested the boundaries of design with regard to both materials and usage.The museums main exhibition of the spring and summer seasons will display works produced by the COMPANY design studio during the last ten years plus. Starting in April, an exhibition of works by Osma Harvilahti (born 1983) addresses contemporary design through photography. Harvilahti is a Paris-based photographer whose focus of attention is on exploring design, fashion and the use of colour.The spring exhibition of the Museum of Finnish Architecture displays a piece of lost Finnish Jugend, or Art Nouveau, design and architecture from the surroundings of Viipuri. Visitors will be able to acquaint themselves with the Suur-Merijoki manor (19021903), which was designed by the Gesellius, Lindgren, Saarinen architectural firm as its most brilliant piece of comprehensive artwork.In March, the Finnish Museum of Photography will open its Festival of Political Photography 2019. Through the theme of resistance, it will explore self-organised activities, emerging from small communities and individuals, that address social grievances.More
about the subject:
"The City of Helsinki, Elisa and Nokia co-operated with design expert organisation Ornamo to find a stylish model for the Helsinki 5G base stations and network environment. The aim of the design contest launched in September 2018 was to find a unique and easily scalable model that is applicable in the Helsinki city environment. The contest criteria were best met in an entry called Stadika.One of the essential objectives of the contest was to build a digital city in co-operation with different actors. The contest was arranged to find solutions both to a model which is attached to the existing infrastructure and to a separate, self-standing base station. One criterion was, for example, that the base station would, in terms of appearance, become a natural part of the city environment and be formable if need be. During the contest period from 18 September to 18 November 2018, there were 32 entries submitted, of which the jury picked out the five best for public voting. The entries were the following: Kehikot, Stadika, Nest, Reflect and Dice Dice Baby. The voting resulted in a top three of Stadika, Kehikot and Reflect, which the jury then rated for the final ranking.The winner of the competition is Stadika. The jury described the winning entry as follows: ""Stadika is a simple, but still interesting base station model. Its clean shapes combine technology and design in an excellent manner. The exterior can easily be branded without it losing its recognisability and it can be seen as a functional part of the city environment. The base station builds user interaction not only through its informative lighting, but also through its different purposes of use. The base station does not steal the attention, but it can be recognised easily. Its dynamic forms speak of a futuristic purpose of use and tell a story of a jointly constructed city environment."" The winning team received a prize of 20,000 euros. The second place and a prize of 10,000 euros went to the entry called Reflect and the third place and a prize of 5,000 euros to the entry called Kehikot. Honourable mentions were given to the entries called Nest and Dice Dice Baby and, outside the finalists, to the entry called Silta.Winning teams1.Stadika: Keny Muesa, Pekka Selonen and Aaro Sariola2.Reflect: Arni Aromaa, Jari-Petri Voutilainen and Simon rnberg3.Kehikot: Jukka Jokinen and Heikki KonuHonourable mentionsDice Dice Baby: Joonas Saaranen, Arto Heiskanen and Aleksi RiihimkiNest: Verna Kaipainen and Mia ErlinSilta: Simon Holzmann, Vivian Qiu and Tobias NagelMore information"
The Helsinki 5G base station design
  Helsinki City Board rejected a proposal to establish a limited liability company for city transport services at its meeting of 7 January 2019. The establishment of the proposed company had been investigated by the City of Helsinki municipal enterprise Helsinki City Transport (HKL).The business activity of the proposed company, to be named Helsingin
kaupunkiliikennepalvelut Oy, was to provide services and consulting related to public transport and other sustainable urban transport as a Helsinki City Group company. The company would also have provided services to other municipalities and partners implementing new public transport projects.Helsinki Deputy Mayor
  Pia Pakarinen(National Coalition Party) proposed that the matter endorsed by Councillor Wille Rydman(National Coalition Party) be rejected. Councillor Paavo Arhinmki(Left Alliance) proposed that the matter, endorsed by Veronika Honkasalo(Left Alliance), be returned to preparation.The City Board voted on the matter rejecting the proposal.The City Board granted at its meeting of 7 January 2019 a total of 849,200 euros in appropriations to 19 applicants. The biggest appropriations were granted to Helsingin yhteisjrjest JHL ry, an association promoting and maintaining cooperation among member societies, and to Jyty Metropoli ry, an association representing the employees of Helsinki region public-sector organizations. The smallest appropriations were 3,000 euros.The City Board deviated from the original proposal for budget appropriations by granting an appropriation of 7,000 euros to Helsinki Cyclists (Helsingin Polkupyrilijt ry) no appropriation to the association was included in the original proposal.The City Board grants appropriations to organizations that are not part of the operations of any City division. The criteria for granting appropriations are defined in more detail on the City Board meeting
agenda (in Finnish only). 
The City Board decided to propose an alteration to the City of Helsinki rules of governance to change the term of City Council chairs. If approved, the term of City Council chairs would commence in June instead of January. The commencement of the term of City Council chairs in January has been based on the practice in which municipal elections were held in the autumn and the new City Council term started at the beginning of January. Today municipal elections are held in the spring every four years and the City Council term starts in June following the elections. The decision on the alteration to City of Helsinki rules of governance will be made by the City Council.All Helsinki City Board decisions can be found here (in Finnish only).
Helsinki Regional Transport, HSL, conducts surveys on public transport to measure passenger satisfaction with public transport services in the HSL area. HSL will be surveying customer satisfaction on buses, trams, the metro and commuter trains 14 January - 17 May. The goal is to obtain responses from 28,000 passengers.The survey results are used for public transport development, staff training and calculating quality incentives for tendered services.In spring 2019, fleet quality controls will be conducted on bus, tram, metro and commuter train services 14 January-17 May. Some 4,000 vehicles will be controlled during this period.HSL commissions the surveys from Taloustutkimus Oy.Helsinki Regional Transport, HSL
  The City of Helsinki main telephone numbers will in the future comply with the Citys division-based organizational structure, and each City division and municipal enterprise will have one main telephone number. In addition to these telephone numbers, certain organizations such as Rescue Department and Helsinki City Transport will have their own main telephone numbers.The central City of Helsinki telephone number +358 (0)9 310 1691 will remain in use. An operator answers this number on weekdays from 816.Many City of Helsinki telephone numbers complying with the old, department-based organizational structure will be closed during 2019. If a telephone number is closed, a recorded announcement instructs callers to dial another number.The main telephone numbers of City of Helsinki divisions and municipal enterprises are as follows: 
  The following organizations have their own main telephone numbers:The majority of City of Helsinki subsidiaries and foundations have their own main telephone numbers. The telephone numbers can be found on their websites.Social Services and Health Care Divisions hospitals and comprehensive
service centresThe main telephone numbers of the Social Services and Health Care Divisions hospitals and three comprehensive service centres serve on every day of the year. These telephone numbers are:The emergency operations of the Haartman and Malmi hospitals were transferred to HUS Helsinki University Hospital on 1 January 2019. The operations of the Herttoniemi hospital were transferred to HUS earlier. The main telephone number of the emergency operations and Herttoniemi hospital is the HUS telephone number +358 (0)9 4711.
  HUS (Helsinki University Hospital) will be responsible for Haartman and Malmi emergency rooms andemergency dental care in the evenings and at weekends from 7 January 2019 onwards.The emergency services will go on at the same addressess as before. Young people over 16 and adults will go to Haartman or Malmi emergency clinics and children under 16 to the New Children's Hospital.Call the Medical
Helpline 116 117 before you go to the emergency clinic. When your own health station is closed you will get advice in sudden health problems by calling the Medical Helpline. The service is open 24/7 and the call is free of charge. We will instruct you to the correct place of care and also give advice on self-care. Except for emergencies, emergency rooms require a referral to admit a patient.In genuine emergency dial 112.
  Helsinki Citys statistical yearbook has appeared, now for the 106th time. The yearbook contains statistics on Helsinki and its residents and on the neighbouring cities, the entire Helsinki Region, Finland, the major city regions of the rest of Scandinavia, the Baltic states and their capitals, and on St. Petersburg.The new yearbook can be read, in its entirety, via this link. The 255 tables of the yearbook can also be picked from the open-data siteHelsinki Region Infoshare. Digitalised versions of the 1905-2008 editions are available on the Sinettiarchives database (only in Finnish). The yearbook presents, among others, the
following data on Helsinki and its residents: Helsinkis population at year-end 2017/18 was 643,272, thus 8,091 (1.3%) larger than a year earlier. At the end of 2017, there were 361,866 dwellings in Helsinki, which was 4,891 more than a year earlier. Of dwellings, 46.9 per cent were rented dwellings, 41.6 per cent owner-occupied dwellings. At year-end 2017, there were a total of 327,869 registered motor vehicles in Helsinki, of which 264,903 were cars. Since 2000, the number of cars has grown by over 78,000. In 2017, Helsinki-Vantaa airport recorded a total of 89,459 landings. Passengers totalled almost 19 million, and every six minutes, on average, a plane landed at Helsinki-Vantaa. In 2017, a total of 14.1 loans per capita were made at Helsinki City Librarys outlets. Of loans, 79.5 per cent were books, and of all books borrowed, almost 40 per cent were childrens books. At year-end 2017, the City of Helsinki had a total of 37,090 employees. The largest administrative sector was the Social Services and Health Care Division, with 14,699 employees altogether. The most popular tourist attraction in Helsinki in 2017 was Linnanmki Amusement Park, with a total of 1.1 million visitors. The most popular attractions also included the Suomenlinna Sea Fortress, the Temppeliaukio Church, the Helsinki Cathedral, the Uspenski Cathedral and Helsinki Zoo.Queries:Ari Jaakola, Statistics and Information Service Manager, +358 9 310 43608, ari.jaakola(at)hel.fi
  Solja Saarto,
   Information Services Secretary, +358 9 310 36378, solja.saarto(at)hel.fiSource:Statistical
Yearbook of Helsinki 2018, pdf-publication.
The recycling points operated by Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority HSY will be Finnish Packaging Recycling RINKI Ltds responsibility from 1 January 2019. Rinki will have sole responsibility for the maintenance of and customer service operations for the eco take-back points in the Helsinki metropolitan area.There are now 140 Rinki eco take-back points in the Helsinki region and Kirkkonummi, and plastic is collected at 63 of them. Rinki added 14 eco take-back points in the plastic collection network in the HSY area in summer 2018, and it aims to increase the number of plastic collection points during the autumn and winter. Suitable sites for collection points are being surveyed.Consumers can take used carton, glass and plastic packaging as well as small metal objects to Rinki eco take-back points. Paper can also be recycled at the points, and most of them accept wearable clothing. You can find the points and materials accepted at each point using the search at rinkiin.fi/for-households/rinki-eco-take-back-points.Other waste materials can be taken to HSYs Sortti Stations. Hazardous waste is also collected at some service stations. Recycling points can be found at www.kierratys.info.A free customer service will be available for consumers in the Helsinki region with questions and feedback about Rinki eco take-back points from the beginning of 2019: Tel. 0800 133 888 (Mon-Fri 7:00-21:00, Sat 9:00-18:00), email: service@rinkiin.fi. You can also leave your feedback quickly and easily using the online form at rinkiin.fi/rinki-ecopointfeedback. The new contact details will also be available at the eco take-back points.Read more:  HSY recycling points will become Rinki eco take-back points at the beginning of 2019 Waste sorting and recyclingSortti Stations
The City of Helsinki organized a visualization competition of the city boulevards for students between 24.9.19.11.2018. The results of the competition were decided in December 2018. The actual planning of the city boulevards is on its way. The competition objective was to collect interpretations of the future city boulevards through university collaboration, as the character of the existing motorway-like areas are transformed into city boulevards.In total, 25 entries were submitted to the competition. The competition received a good repertory of ideas concerning the cityscape of the new urban areas along the city boulevards. The proposals will facilitate the discussion of the elements, which are needed for achieving attractive and human scale streetscapes allowing encounters and experiences in the everyday life. The competition jury decided to grant the awards to the following proposals:Shared first prizes ( EUR 3 500)The Wood CityBoulevard of LightHelsinki StreamsShared second prizes ( EUR 2 000)Let's walk with greenhubThird prize ( EUR 1 500)The Living StreetSpecial prizes ( EUR 1 000)HAIRPINMAUNULA TOWN SQUAREThe competition jury wants to thank all participants for the thought-provoking proposals, and inspiring ideas to the challenging task. The awarded entries are published online at: https://helsinki.emmi.fi/l/qkDDHtR82PvC
Helsinkis Senate Square will obtain new light poles. The new poles will help to enhance and unify the areas image.The City of Helsinki organized an open design competition to find a light pole design appropriate for this high-profile urban environment. The winner was Futudesign Oy. The firms proposal entitled Happy Together charmed the jury with its smooth, contemporary and minimalistic concept.The designers of the winning proposal are Ilkka
Airas,Teemu SeppnenandAuvo Lindroos. First prize was presented to the design team on 20 December 2018.The winning design promotes the realization of a lighting plan produced for the Senate Square earlier. New light poles will replace the current poles surrounding the square. The new poles will be equipped with street and square lights as well as with the faade lights of the surrounding buildings.The goal with new lighting at the Senate Square is to better present the square as a whole. The goal is achieved by using light to highlight the faades of the buildings surrounding the square. The lights themselves will be more inconspicuous than the previous ones, says Juhani
Sandstrm, the City of Helsinki lighting manager. 
The Senate Square doesnt have a manner of lighting established by history, but the square lighting has always been realized by a manner appropriate for the period. The square lighting has been replaced at approximately 30 years intervals.Todays LED lights are small, so the design of light poles can be less bulky than before. Nevertheless, Senate Square light poles must bear the weight of tram overhead wires and enable power supply for events at the square.The design competition received 47 proposals. The top proposals successfully integrated technical challenges and the street and square views during both daytime and night hours.Second prize went to the design entitled Valon alla (under the light) by Pentagon Design Oy (design team Simon rnbergandJari-Pekka
Voutilainen). Third prize went to STEM by Tuomo Jauhiainen.The jury acknowledged two designs with special prizes: Yksi risti kaksi by architectural firm Arkkitehtitoimisto Freese Oy,Simo Freese, and Sofie by WSP Finland Oy,Verna
Kaipainen,Pia Salmi,Sirpa Laitinen,Matti
Tapaninen,Tuomas Vuorinen,Jokke Katajamki,Heini
Myllyoja,Jukka Tuominen,Tuomas RitvanenandCarlos
Cheas. Tholos by Petri
Ullakkowas awarded with a honourable mention.The Senate Square is one of Finlands most highly valued urban spaces. The buildings surrounding the square form one unified Empire-style complex. To complement the new light poles, the square will retain old lantern-like lights surrounding the statue of Tsar Alexander II and at buildings.According to the current estimate, new lights can be installed in 2020 or later, after the completion of a more accurate implementation plan. The jury recommended that further planning should define the heights of poles, among other aspects.The design competition was organized by the City of Helsinki in cooperation with the Finnish Association of Architects SAFA and Ornamo Art and Design Finland.Read more:Jury document (in Finnish)Jury
secretary Juhani Sandstrms contact information
Helsinki has launched a new low threshold service that helps families with children find the right kind of help. The Need help? button is an electronic communications channel and it is available 24/7.The service is intended for residents of Helsinki who have children and who feel overwhelmed with their situation in life or have problems with bringing up their children. After filling in the contact form, residents will be contacted by professionals in social welfare within three working days.Thanks to the Need help? button, customers do not need to know which service is best suited for their family, and instead the professionals will make these determinations on their behalf. The Need help? button is located on the Family Support website at: www.hel.fi/familysupport
  Familiar buildings and spaces will be transformed once again into unique works of urban art when the biggest ever Lux Helsinki light festival brightens up the city from 5 to 9 January 2019.
This years official Lux Helsinki route stretches approximately 2.5 kilometres through the Etu-Tl district from the Kansalaistori square to Finlandia Hall and onwards via Kiasma and Kunsthalle Helsinki to the National Museum of Finland. The five-day light festival will present a brilliant selection of Finnish and international light art in the form of projection mapping that manipulates architecture, street art that glows in ultraviolet light, and interactive projections that are controlled by the audience.Topical social issues, such as climate change and human rights, are also strongly represented in the light art. The rear faade of Finlandia Hall facing the Tlnlahti bay will be transformed into flowing water by an impressive light and sound installation created by the Ramboll light studio as part of the Lux Architecture series, reminding us that water is an exhaustible natural resource. On the Hesperia Park side of the building, the installation TRESPASSING by Finnish artist Immanuel Pax explores the contradiction between freedom and security by turning the idea of security cameras on its head.In addition to the twelve installations along the official route, Lux Helsinki will also present satellite installations and a collection of light art that extend the festival for the first time across the citys borders all the way to Hanasaari in the neighbouring municipality of Espoo. The Annantalo Arts Centre will attract families and young people with workshops and a disco, while the third annual Lux In exhibition will present a diverse range of light art by established artists and students from the University of the Arts Helsinki at the Kaapelitehdas cultural centre starting already on Thursday 3 January. Further information about the official route and all the installations can be found on the Lux
Helsinki website.Face paintings that
glow in UV light and a record number of restaurantsIn addition to light installations, Lux Helsinki offers lots more to experience and enjoy. Many museums along the official Lux Helsinki route present special programmes and have extended opening hours during the light festival. The brand-new Helsinki Central Library Oodi will also offer members of the public the chance to meet this years featured Lux Helsinki artists and pose questions about their light installations. In addition, the popular Bring Your Own Beamer concept invites fans of light and video art to project their own creations at Kaapelitehdas, while the Ultraviolet Gallery in the front courtyard of Finlandia Hall will also offer UV face painting to festival-goers of all ages.This years Lux
Helsinki Eat food event from 5 to 9 January features a record 34 participating restaurants offering unique dishes and menus that have been specially created for the festival. There will also be four Lux Caf sales points along the official route serving hot drinks and snacks. The full programme and map can be found on the Lux
Helsinki website.This event is free of charge, fully accessible and open to visitors of all ages.Further information about special traffic arrangements can be found on the Lux
Helsinki website, and public transport schedules and possible exceptions can be found on the HSL website.Social media:Facebook
Twitter
Instagram#luxhelsinkiMain partners: Sun Effects, Clear ChannelPartners: OP Helsinki, SATONetwork partners: Granlund, Johan & Nystrm, City, HYY Group, Amnesty International Finland, Local Crew, Sanoma Media Finland, Ramboll, Swedish-Finnish Cultural Centre HanaholmenProduction partners: Bright Group
Despite challenging weather conditions, thousands of locals and visitors rang in the New Year in high spirits at Helsinkis official celebrations in Senate Square.The celebrations began with a special programme for kids and their families at the start of the evening. The internationally renowned Maria
Baric Company presented a magical show combining music, fire, theatre, dance and circus that was watched by an audience of around 10,000. The main show later in the evening featured brilliantly visual performances by Finnish music stars Vesala and Vesta, and an estimated crowd of 25,000 people rang in the New Year while watching the fireworks above Helsinki Cathedral.Im really glad that we were able to celebrate together the New Year at such a fine event despite the challenging weather conditions. I dont remember ever having been so nervous getting ready for the big event, as we had to keep a close eye on the weather forecast throughout the day. Fortunately, the locals are used to these Arctic conditions, and Senate Square was completely filled with lots of happy people celebrating together, says Event Producer Susa Nokelainen.
  The weather forecast predicts gusty wind for the evening. We are following the situation continuously together with the rescue authorities and Finnish Meteorological Institute. Public safety is most important at the event, therefore we will change the program if needed. The eventstarted at 17.00 hrs. as planned! Possible changes in the eves program will be announced at the Facebook event: https://www.facebook.com/events/336831077100638/.Happy and safe New Year!Helsinkis official New Years Eve celebrations possibly the last time in Senate Square  tens of thousands expected to join in the festivities. Special traffic arrangements in effect 27 December 2018  2 January 2019All of Helsinki will be celebrating together on New Years Eve at Senate Square, possibly for the last time, due to construction work at last years venue, the Kansalaistori square. Helsinki will ring in 2019 with a star-studded concert featuring Finnish singer-songwriter Vesala, the trendsetting pop act Vesta and a theatrical fire show by the Maria Baric Company. DJ Orion will keep the crowds dancing on their feet, and the show will be hosted by Ernest Lawson from the TV comedy show Putous and TV personality Sampo Marjamaa.The official New Years Eve celebrations include a special programme for kids and their families at the start of the evening. The internationally renowned Maria Baric Company will present a stunning show that combines music, fire, theatre, dance and circus, culminating in a firework display at 5:30pm.Tens of thousands of locals and visitors are expected to join in the festivities to accommodate the large numbers of people, a big screen broadcasting a live feed from Senate Square will be set up in the nearby Market Square. The firework display at midnight can be viewed from both Senate Square and the Market Square. The use of personal fireworks or firecrackers is strictly prohibited.The official New Years Eve celebrations in Senate Square can be reached on foot from the city centre via Aleksanterinkatu and Unioninkatu, from the Market Square via Sofiankatu and Katariinankatu, and from Katajanokka via Aleksanterinkatu. The streets leading to the square from the north, Unioninkatu and Yliopistokatu, will be closed. Traditionally, the least congested entrance to the square around midnight has been from the Katajanokka side. If the entrance from the city centre becomes too congested, members of the public will be directed to alternative entrances. Entrances will be closed once the square is filled to capacity. Members of the public should travel into the city centre by public transport.Mayor Jan Vapaavuori will deliver the traditional New Years speech before the main firework display at midnight.The venue for this years celebrations will be Senate Square due to construction work at last years venue, the Kansalaistori square. Tens of thousands of locals and visitors are expected to join in the festivities to accommodate the large numbers of people, a big screen broadcasting a live feed from Senate Square will be set up in the nearby Market Square. Many of the cafs and restaurants in the alleys connecting the two squares will remain open late into the night.New Years Eve in HelsinkiMonday 31 December 2018, Senate SquareFamily programme:17:0017:30 Maria Baric Company17:30 Firework display for kidsEvening programme:22:0023:00 DJ Orion23:0000:00 New Years Eve Show: Vesala, Vesta, Maria Baric Company00:0000:05 Firework display00:0501:00 DJ OrionThis event is free of charge, fully accessible and open to visitors of all ages.
As in previous years, the festivities can be enjoyed on television as well. A live broadcast will be shown on Yle TV1 from 11pm to 1am.https://www.facebook.com/Helsinginuusivuosi#helsinginuusivuosi#myhelsinkiTraffic restrictions will be in place before, during and after the official New Years Eve celebrations from Thursday 27 December to Wednesday 2 January. The streets around Senate Square and the Market Square will be partially closed to traffic already on Thursday 27 December. The affected streets will begin to be reopened after the event, and all the streets will be open to traffic again no later than Wednesday 2 January. The official New Years Eve celebrations will also affect public transport in the area beginning on New Years Eve from approximately 8pm onwards. Trams 2, 3, 4 and 7 will operate along different routes, and tram 5 will not operate at all during the evening. In the Eira and Katajanokka districts, trams will be replaced by bus services. Additional public transport services will be provided on New Years Eve. Schedules and further information about special arrangements on New Years Eve can be found on the HSL website.The sightseeing bus stop at Senate Square will be closed from 27 December to 2 January and the taxi stand on 31 December from 8pm onwards. A temporary taxi stand will be located on Ritarikatu beside the Ritarihuoneenpuistikko park.
Satellite installations will spread the festivalwider than ever before.Taking place from Saturday 5 January to Wednesday 9 January 2019, Lux Helsinki will once again present a brilliant range of light art that includes both international favourites and unique commissioned works, while also showing some of Finlands most iconic monuments in a new light. The official Lux Helsinki route stretches from the Kansalaistori square via Finlandia Hall and Kunsthalle Helsinki to the National Museum of Finland and has been designed as a dramaturgical series that should be seen in numerical order from start to finish.Lux Helsinki 2019 is a truly diverse light festival that presents both new and old Helsinki: it celebrates our amazing new central library while at the same time recalling the revolutionary history of the Old Student House. Huge media screens will be transformed into tools for art that explores some of the biggest issues facing us in the future, says
  Ilkka Paloniemi, Curator of Lux Helsinki.Lux Helsinki features the leading expertise in Finnish and international light art: the installations utilise numerous different techniques that enable light to be harnessed for the purposes of street art, entertainment and tackling social issues. The official route starts from the Kansalaistori square, where light art will take over the huge media screens outside Sanomatalo and the Helsinki Music Centre.The End of
the Digital New Age by Finnish artist Mikko Kunnari and Moonlight by Italian artist Marco Brianza both take a stand on the waste light that dominates urban spaces by using these advertising platforms for art.Reflection Studies, an interactive installation by American artistZach
Lieberman, will be projected onto the faade of the Kunsthalle Helsinki art museum, inviting viewers to unleash their creativity on a large light table that projects the motion and patterns onto the wall. The Nervanderin puistikko park in turn will feature a 12-metre kinetic installation by Dutch artist Ivo
Schoofsentitled Large Pendulum Wave, a special version of which has been created especially for Lux Helsinki based on the song Scorpius by Finnish band Op:l Bastards.The route winds up at the garden of the National Museum of Finland, where Mexican artist Ghiju Daz de Lon brings the faade of the museum to life with projection mapping that manipulates the architecture. Shelter Seekers tackles the issues of migration and climate change through the metaphor of endangered monarch butterflies. Large
Pendulum Wave and Shelter Seekers will also entertain commuters and other early birds on Wednesday 9 January during the second annual Lux Morning event.In addition to the twelve installations along the official route, Lux Helsinki will also present satellite installations that extend the festival for the first time across the citys borders all the way to Hanasaari in the neighbouring municipality of Espoo. Satellite installations can be seen at the Old Student House, the Annantalo Arts Centre, the Kaapelitehdas Cultural Centre, and the Swedish-Finnish Cultural Centre Hanaholmen at Hanasaari. Altogether, Lux Helsinki 2019 presents around 30 works of light art.Lux Helsinki, 5-9 January 2019, 5pm10pm Lux Morning (installations 10 & 12), 9 January 2019, 7am9amThis event is free of charge, fully accessible and open to visitors of all ages.Main partners: Sun Effects, Clear Channel Partners: OP Helsinki, SATO Network partners: Granlund, Johan & Nystrm, City, HYY Group, Amnesty International Finland, Local Crew, Sanoma Media Finland, Ramboll, Swedish-Finnish Cultural Centre Hanaholmen Production partners: Bright Group In collaboration with: U.S. Embassy FinlandThe Lux Helsinki light
  Helsinki region commuter train, metro, bus, tram and Suomenlinna ferry services operate every day of the year.Health stations are closed onNew Year's Day 1 January and on Epiphany, 6 January. Opening hours of museums and sights (.pdf)24 h Telephone Health Service, Tel. 09 310 10023Information is provided about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call.In life-threatening emergencies  call 112In the event of a severe and life-threatening illness or accident situation at any time of the day, call 112 for help.Health stations are closed onNew Year's Day 1 January and on Epiphany, 6 January. From 2 till 9 January health stations do not have late openings (wed 16-18). From 21 December till 4 January Kalasatama and Vuosaari health stations are open on weekdays 816 (normally 720).From 27 December till 4 January the health stations and the distribution of self-treatment products do not have late opening (16-18).Emergency services - tel. 116 117When local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services.Adults (over 16 years of age)Haartman Hospital and Emergency Room, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12 and Malmi Hospital and Emergency Room, Talvelantie 6 J.Call 116 117 before you go to the emergency clinic. The service is open 24/7 and free of charge.ChildrenNew Childrens Hospital, Stenbckinkatu 11, call first tel. 116 117. When local health stations are closed, residents of Helsinki with serious illnesses and in urgent need for care can also go to the Jorvi Hospital emergency room in Espoo, Turuntie 150, tel. 09 87 10023 (from 1 January tel. 116 117), or to the Peijas Hospital emergency room in Vantaa, Sairaalakatu 1, Vantaa, call first tel. 116 117.Emergency dental care and dental care appointment booking
serviceEmergency dental care services are available throughout New Year's Day 1 January and on Epiphany 6 January at Haartman Hospital, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12. Appointments can be booked from 8 to 21 at 09 310 49999. Night emergency duty is at Tl Hospital Emergency Department, Tlnkatu 40, tel. 040 621 5699. Please always make an appointment by phone before seeking treatment for Emergency Dental Care.The dental care appointment booking service will be open on weekdays 7 - 15 from 20 December to 4 January, tel. 09 310 51400.24 h Emergency Social Services and Crisis Emergency SupportEmergency Social Services and Crisis Emergency Support serve 24/7 also during Christmas, New Year and Epiphany. Emergency Social Services , tel. 020 696 006 and Crisis Emergency Support, tel. 09 310 44222.Read more: Social and Health Services and Emergency CareNew yearOn New Years Eve 31 December, a Friday service will operate. There will be additional bus, commuter traind and Metro services. The Metro and commuter trains to the airport will operate until aout 2.30am.
  On New Years Day 1 January 2019, a Sunday service will operate.
Read more: HSL Helsinkis official New Years Eve celebrations possibly the last time in Senate Square  tens of thousands expected to join in the festivities. The use of personal fireworks or firecrackers is strictly prohibited at the event.
Emergency
services on weekdays between 7 and 14 in Myllypuro and RuskeasuoFrom Monday 7 January onwards, emergency dental care in Helsinki is provided on weekdays at the Myllypuro Health Station Dental Clinic (Jauhokuja 4) and Ruskeasuo Dental Clinic (Mannerheimintie 172). The Myllypuro Health Station Dental Clinic is a new service point for emergency dental care. The clinic is located next to the metro station. Please call before visiting the emergency dental care service, tel. 09 310 51400, appointment booking on weekdays between 7 and 14. The appointment booking for non-urgent treatment is available through the same number MonThu 718 and Fri 715.
The customer fee is based on the treatment fee and the performed procedures (free of charge for those under 18). No emergency dental care will be available at the Haartman Hospital until further notice from 7 January 2019 onwards. Emergency
services in the evenings, at weekends and on public holidays at the Surgical
Hospital The evening and weekend emergency dental care service moves to the Surgical Hospital. The temporary address from Monday 7 January onwards is Kasarmikatu 11-13, entrance U. Please call before visiting the emergency services. The new telephone number is 09471 71110. The appointment service is open Monday to Friday from 14 to 21 and on weekends and public holidays from 8 to 21. The customer fee for the evening and weekend emergency services is 32.10/visit (free of charge for those under 18).No emergency dental care will be available at the Haartman Hospital until further notice from 7 January 2019 onwards. Emergency
services at night between 21 and 8The night-time emergency dental care service still operates at the Tl Hospital Emergency Department (Tlnkatu 40) between 21 and 8. Please call before visiting the emergency services, tel. 040 621 5699. Major
injuries
  Helsinki City Transport (HKL) has selected the recipients of old trams removed from service. The criteria for the selection included the widest possible placement and diverse new uses for a variety of users. HKL announced last summer that it would hand out old trams to new owners.The new owners will use the trams to create new types of urban culture, while respecting the historical values of the trams.Trams are part of Helsinkis everyday life, and these trams have seen a great deal of life over the past decades. Its splendid that they wont be demolished but will continue their service lives in new roles, says HKLs Managing Director Ville
Lehmuskoski.Tram car 615 will go to Oy Stadin Ratikat Ab, car 320 to the Kustaankartano multiple services centre, car 91 to Allegra Lab Ry and Helsinki Distilling Company Oy, and cars 11 and 521 to the City of Mikkeli and the Mikkelipuisto garden park. The sixth car removed from service, car 12, will be kept by HKL for the time being.Oy Stadin Ratikat Ab intends to restore their tram with respect to its history. The company has been engaged in museum tram service in Helsinki since 2009. An open museum tram car has been especially popular in the city. Car 615 is from 1916 and a part of the same series as the previous car in museum service. After restoration by the company, car 615 will go to service in the 2020s.An open car is not inviting on a cold or rainy day, and the beautiful, one-hundred-year-old 615 with its large windows will be a magnificent addition to the museum service. 615 protects passengers from the weather but has open decks, says Daniel
Federley, CEO of Stadin Ratikat.The Kustaankartano service centres tram car 320, which is from 1955, has a driving wheel in the cockpit and a cashiers booth at the back. Kustaankartano as the new owner will enable special groups to use the tram.We will use the tram for sharing old memories and as a venue for events such as concerts. This tram with its booth will surely arouse diverse memories, says the service centres managing director Tarja Sainio.Allegra Lab Helsinki ry and The Helsinki Distilling Company will put their tram car into service in a versatile art and science programme and turn it into a platform for urban culture in the Teurastamo cultural centre area in Kalasatama. 91 is a wooden car from 1923.The programme for car 91 will be produced by Allegra Lab Helsinki ry and Turhan tiedon seura ry. The tram will see a diverse art and science programme including events related to the history of Helsinki, says Taina
Riikonen, Vice Chair of Allegra Lab Helsinki and Chair of Turhan tiedon seura (society of useless knowledge).Cars 11 and 521, from 1959 and 1958 respectively, will end up outside the Helsinki metropolitan area: they will be stationed in Mikkeli to spread the message about trams.Some of the key elements of a city are a city centre with a grid street plan, urban culture and trams. Mikkeli has only lacked trams so far. Cars 11 and 521 will put Mikkeli into the league of the few cities of Finland with trams. They will provide the Mikkelipuisto garden park with more urban culture: places for encounters, art exhibitions and small-scale concerts, says Jouni Riihel, the City of Mikkeli Technical Director.HKL announced last June that it would give up old trams that are unsuitable for transport service and have been removed from service. By handing the cars over to new owners, the cars can have a new life in innovative uses.The cars were offered for new uses that support the development of urban culture in a manner that respects the values and history of trams. HKL received 94 applications by deadline on 31 August 2018.HKL will continue to own museum trams.HKL wants to support the tram history of Helsinki. We seek to make sure that Helsinki will retain a tram from each decade of our tram history representing the period, style and technology of the decade, says Artturi Lhdetie, director of HKLs infrastructure and equipment unit.HKL
  Having been named the worlds number one Christmas city, Helsinki is more than ready for another festive holiday season. The unique appeal of the Finnish capital is obvious also during the Christmas season: Helsinki is a place where you can energise yourself in many ways. The warm atmosphere, communal activities, stunning nature and other Christmas elements are described in detail on the myhelsinki.fi website.Helsinki has been highlighted as a top destination this Christmas by numerous international media outlets. For example, The Guardian has listed Helsinki has one of Europes best Christmas getaway destinations. Christmas in Helsinki is a mix of new and old traditions. A warm Christmas atmosphere is guaranteed all the way from late November through to Epiphany at the start of the New Year. The holiday season is rounded off by the popular Lux Helsinki light festival, which presents brilliant light art throughout the city centre from 5 to 9 January 2019.The most anticipated architectural grand opening of the year takes place around Finnish Independence Day at the start of December, when the internationally acclaimed Helsinki Central Library Oodi opens to the public. The grand opening programme includes dance, music and theatre performances over two days on 5 and 6 December.
Christmas in Helsinki is made up of saunas, the proximity of the sea and nature, small-scale appeal, delicious food, design, relaxing, fun and new traditions.The sauna is an essential part of the Finnish Christmas, and Helsinki offers numerous Christmas saunas to choose from. The citys public saunas, from the immensely popular design sauna Lyly to the literally brand-new Uusi Sauna, remain hot throughout the Christmas holidays for locals and visitors alike to enjoy. In the city centre you can also visit a pop-up sauna that lets you enjoy a beautiful view to Helsinki Cathedral or Allas Sea Pool, where you take in the citys skyline while swimming in the heated open-air pool right in the main harbour.Around the end of November and beginning of December, Helsinki is taken over by Christmas markets selling lots of seasonal treats alongside Finnish design and handicrafts.Helsinki also has dozens of smaller Christmas markets and fairs that are listed here.Helsinki is surrounded by beautiful nature, and getting from the city centre to the islands in the archipelago the forests to enjoy the fresh air and magical atmosphere could not be simpler. Helsinkis nature attractions are especially popular during the Christmas season.In addition to all the traditional classical music concerts, church concerts and choir performances, Helsinki also offers seasonal entertainment for electronic music fans and clubbers. Some of the best clubs in Europe can be found in Helsinki, providing alternative entertainment throughout the Christmas season that you can find on the Clubbers Christmas Calendar.Helsinki greets in 2019 with its official New
Years Eve celebrations in Senate Square on 31 December. The programme includes lots of entertaining music, dance and fire performances, as well as a spectacular firework display.The award-winning MyHelsinki service features the most interesting events and phenomena of the Christmas season in Helsinki. The website offers insight into the citys Christmas traditions, as well as local recommendations for enjoying the romantic Christmas spirit, seasonal delicacies, saunas and the Christmas holidays in Helsinki.
The website is updated regularly with the latest tips from locals about such things as Christmas coffees, concerts and parties, as well as how to relax amidst all the hustle and bustle of the holidays. It also lists reminders about opening hours during Independence Day, Christmas and New Years. Your Local Guide to Christmas in Helsinki: www.myhelsinki.fi About services
24 h Telephone Health Service, Tel.
09310 10023Information is provided about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call. In
life-threatening emergencies  call 112In the event of a severe and life-threatening illness or accident situation at any time of the day, call 112 for help. Health
stations and self-treatment product distributionHealth stations are closed on Christmas from 24 to 26 December, on New Year's Day 1 January and on Epiphany, 6 January. From 2 till 9 January health stations do not have late openings (wed 16-18).From 21 December till 4 January Kalasatama and Vuosaari health stations are open on weekdays 716 (normally 720).From 27 December till 4 January the distribution of self-treatment products do not have late opening (16-18).Centralised contraceptive advice service is closed on New Years Eve 31 December. Emergency
services - tel. 116117When local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services. Adults
(over 16 years of age)Haartman Hospital and Emergency Room, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12 and Malmi Hospital and Emergency Room, Talvelantie 6 J.Call 116117 before you go to the emergency clinic. The service is open 24/7 and free of charge.ChildrenNew Childrens Hospital, Stenbckinkatu 11, call first tel. 116 117. When local health stations are closed, residents of Helsinki with serious illnesses and in urgent need for care can also go to the Jorvi Hospital emergency room in Espoo, Turuntie 150, tel. 09 87 10023 (from 1 January tel. 116 117), or to the Peijas Hospital emergency room in Vantaa, Sairaalakatu 1, Vantaa, call first tel. 116 117.Emergency
dental care and dental care appointment booking serviceEmergency dental care services are available throughout Christmas from 24 to 26 December, on New Year's Day 1 January and on Epiphany 6 January from 9 to 21 at Haartman Hospital, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12. Appointments can be booked from 8 to 21 at 09 310 49999. Night emergency duty is at Tl Hospital Emergency Department, Tlnkatu 40, tel. 09 471 87708. Please always make an appointment by phone before seeking treatment for Emergency Dental Care.The dental care appointment booking service will be open on weekdays 7 - 15 from 20 December to 4 January, tel. 09310 51400. 24 h
Emergency Social Services and Crisis Emergency SupportEmergency Social Services and Crisis Emergency Support serve 24/7 also during Christmas, New Year and Epiphany. Emergency Social Services , tel. 020 696 006 and Crisis Emergency Support, tel. 09 310 44222. 
  Helsinki celebrated youth participation at the Ruuti gala (RuutiGaala) held at Gloria Cultural Arena on 4 December 2018. Awards were presented to initiatives promoting youth participation, and allocations from the Ruuti budget (RuutiBudjetti) to projects selected by young people were announced. The gala culminated in the announcement of the results of the Helsinki Youth Council elections. This is the first Youth Council to have 30 representatives. The gala audience was addressed by Helsinki Deputy Mayors Nasima Razmyar (Culture and Leisure) and Pia Pakarinen (Education). Pakarinen reminded the audience that all young people have opportunities to participate, for example, at their schools and by joining the City of Helsinki participatory budgeting process. Razmyar emphasized a major achievement of the former Youth Council: this was an experiment beginning in 2019 to give all Youth Council members the right to attend and speak at the City of Helsinki division committee meetings.New Youth Councillors announcedThe new Youth Council has 30 members, up from 20 until now. The new Youth Councillors are: Chaiwat Kiattrakoolchai, Kasper Rautalinko, Vivian Ljungvist, Aapo Kivivuori, Sampo Hallivuori, Jimi Joutsio, Alma Rantalaiho, Abdalla Mao, Lauri Pyykk, Jim Koskinen, Jenny Vu, Pekka Ahosola, Jamaal Farrah, Rebekka Baer, Elias Mustamand, Sara Kallionkieli, Antti Avoranta, Elli Haaramo, Tilda Lassila, Iiris Kuparinen, Minttu Laakso, Khalid Omar, Sigrid Autio, Milja Vertola, Elo Umukoro, Max TalviOja, Polina Ivanova, Dan Cederlf, Joel Helin and Virva Paloviita. A total of 9,493 votes were cast in the Youth Council elections, and the voter turnout was 35.74%.The Helsinki Youth Council is a group elected annually to influence various matters of importance to young people in Helsinki. The Youth Council is tasked to enable the voices of young people to be heard. Furthermore, the Youth Council is tasked to promote and to support youth participation and the impact of youth action both in the city and in the operations of the City of Helsinki divisions. Ruuti budget to support
activities counteracting social exclusion and bullying
Allocations totalling 150,000 euros made from the Ruuti budget, which were announced at the gala, go to projects proposed and selected by young people. They include activities to support young peoples mental health and employment, and projects and events to counteract social exclusion and bullying. Allocations were also granted to leisure activities and youth spaces.The Ruuti budget is a participatory budgeting programme for 1317-year-olds, in which decisions on leisure activities, services and budget allocations are made together with young people. Young people developed tens of proposals for action in local workshops held earlier in the year. The 150,000 euros allocated to selected projects come from the 2018 budget of the City of Helsinki Youth Services.The selection of the projects to be funded was made in negotiations between the Helsinki Youth Council and City of Helsinki Youth Services local managers on 3 December. The selection emphasized regional and other equality, the overall impact of the projects, and initiatives with the broadest impact.
The 2010s have seen an increase in the proportion of young people in Helsinki who, after finishing their compulsory (i.e. primary) education (typically at the age of 16), take up secondary studies for a qualification after the summer holiday. These last few years, the trend has been levelling out, and according to 2018 Joint Application Procedure data, the proportion who transfer to secondary studies has decreased.In 2017, of those young people in Helsinki who had finished their compulsory education, 92 per cent transferred to secondary education already in autumn the same year. 4.6 per cent started preparatory education or a tenth year of primary education. Thus, a good 96 per cent of those in Helsinki who had finished their compulsory education went on studying the same year. In Finland as a whole, this proportion was 97 per cent.Less than four per cent (185) of those having finished their compulsory education did not opt for any further education at all. This was a higher number than the previous year.More than earlier not taken onIn the Joint Application Procedure for general or vocational secondary education of spring 2018, a place to study was granted to 96 per cent of those under 18-year-old Helsinki residents who had just finished their compulsory education. Of these, 95 per cent accepted the place. Of applicants, 75 per cent had opted, as their first choice, for a place in general secondary studies, and 25 per cent in vocational secondary studies.The proportion of applicants who were not granted a place or did not accept the place granted grew clearly since the previous year. In 2017, those 159 young people in Helsinki who were not granted a place made up 3.5 per cent of applicants in the Joint Application Procedure that year. In 2018, these figures were 245 young people, i.e. 5.3 per cent. Those who do not receive a place to study through the Joint Application Procedure can apply for one in preparatory education or make supplementary applications to various educations.87 per cent of 16-18 year olds study for a secondary-level qualificationOf all 16-18 year olds in Helsinki in autumn 2017, 63 per cent studied for a qualification in general secondary education, and 25 per cent in vocational secondary training. Participation rates in secondary education among young people in Helsinki have been pretty stable for the last four years, albeit the proportion doing general studies has grown slightly.Participation in secondary education has increased, especially, among young people with a foreign mother tongue. Whereas in 2010, only half of foreign-mother-tongue 16-18 year olds studied at senior secondary level, in 2017 no less than 69 per cent did. Their proportion has risen both in vocational and general secondary education. This is partly explained by changes in the educational system, but also by the fact that a growing proportion of those young people with a foreign background who finish their compulsory education are second-generation immigrants. Read more:Nuorten koulutus Helsingiss, tilastoja 2018: 23 (young peoples education in Helsinki (in Finnish), Statistics 2018: 23)
  The employment rate of immigrants in Helsinki is clearly lower and the unemployment rate higher than the equivalent figures for the original population. The economic fluctuation affects especially the immigrants' situation on the labour market. However, there is now a slight improvement in the employment situation of immigrants. These are some of the findings in Helsinki City Executive Office's fresh research report, which focuses on integration in terms of employment, income and housing.Both the number of and the relative share of people with foreign backgrounds has grown rapidly in Helsinki. In 2016, there were around 95,000 of them in Helsinki, which is 15 percent of the City's population. A majority of them were born abroad, but the number and share of those born in Finland is also growing. The employment, living conditions and well-being of people with foreign backgrounds are of great importance to the people themselves, but also to the entire City. The City of Helsinki keeps track of the integration of immigrants and how their children make it in their lives. Investing in the furthering of integration and realisation of equality is worthwhile to the City. For the planning and implementation of effective means, the City needs information with sufficient details of the integration.Immigrants
settle on lower education and salary levels Among immigrants, people with Somali, Iraqi and Afghan backgrounds are in the toughest situation on the labour market. On the other hand, a positive development is related to the time spent in the country, especially for women. The difference compared to the original population is still considerable, also in terms of average income. The differences can be seen in the difficulties that immigrants have finding employment, but also in how they often work in fields with lower education and salaries, as well as in part-time jobs and fixed-term employments.Immigrants
usually live in rented housingHelsinki's immigrants often live in rented housing, the majority them in Arava or interest subsidy housing. The latter form of housing is popular especially among people with a Somali background, but also common in many other background country groups. Compared to Finnish backgrounds, especially people with Somali backgrounds have a lot of large household-dwelling units, comprising more than five persons.However, the integration does improve with the time spent in the country: the employment improves, the income level rises and the opportunities to move on to owner-occupied housing increase.Immigrants
are not a single group: background country, the reason for moving and the time
spent in the country affect the work and income levelIt is well worth noting that immigrants form a very heterogeneous group. The living conditions vary greatly, for example, according to background country, gender and time spent in the country. In Helsinki, there are many successful immigrants and for some groups, the situation is even better than that of the Helsinki residents belonging to the original population on average. At the same time, people with foreign backgrounds are often faced with unemployment and low income levels. This applies especially when the immigrants have come from countries from which there are a lot of refugees and asylum-seekers.The research review includes an inspection of the employment and income level and housing circumstances of immigrants in 2016. The research is based on material which the cities of Helsinki, Espoo and Vantaa and Helsinki-Uusimaa Regional Council ordered from Statistics Finland and it puts emphasis on the living conditions and situation in life of immigrants, or people born abroad with foreign backgrounds. The report also provides a glance of how the so-called second generation, born in Finland, is doing on the labour market.Publication:Pasi Saukkonen: Ulkomaalaistaustaisten
kotoutuminen Helsingiss vuonna 2016. Tyllisyys, tulot ja asuminen,City of Helsinki, Study Reports2018:3, pdf publication.More information:Senior ResearcherPasi Saukkonen, tel. +3589 310 36405, e-mail: pasi.saukkonen@hel.fi 
Children who were born in Helsinki in 2012 must enrol for school in January either online or by visiting the school. In the autumn, approximately 6400 children will start school in Helsinki.The Tervetuloa kouluun guidebook for new pupils and the compulsory education note will be posted to you at homeThe Education Division of the City of Helsinki sends a guidebook (in Finnish) for new pupils to all the new first-graders at the beginning of January. This guidebook offers information on starting school and afternoon activities. The compulsory education note will be sent along with the guidebook. You will find the childs local school and temporary Wilma identification for enrolment in the note. The first day of school of the 20192020 semester is Thursday 8 August 2019 at Finnish-speaking schools and Tuesday 13 August 2019 at Swedish-speaking schools.Enrol online or by visiting the schoolYou can enrol your child at your local school through the Wilma system from 7 to 23 January 2019 at wilma.edu.hel.fi. The service is available in Finnish, Swedish and English. You can also enrol at the school at 8.0010.00 or at 17.0019.00 on Wednesday 23 January 2019. In some cases, you can only enrol in person at the school. If the child is applying to a school that is not their local school or taking an aptitude test to apply to a weighted-curriculum, you must enrol at the school in question. You can find more information on starting schoolIf you do not receive the compulsory education note in early January, please contacttel. 09 310 86400 (Finnish-language schools)tel. 09 310 86224 (Swedish-language schools)The customer services at the Education Division will assist you with any questions you may have about enrolmenttel. 09 310 86400, e-mail kasvatusjakoulutus@hel.fi, service hours Monday to Friday 10.0012.00 and 13.0015.00
The City of Helsinki Economic Development Office served in late November as a test environment for remote-controlled maritime traffic: ABB used the premise to test remote control of the Suomenlinna ferry with success.With the help of ABBs remote-control technology, a captain can control more than one vessel from land efficiently and safely. The Suomenlinna II ferry operates all year round in all weather conditions. The ferry is equipped with ABBs Azipod propulsion system suitable for icebreaking, which ensures operation in winter conditions.On the evening of 28 November, the ferry travelled on its regular route without a captain on the deck, controlled from a temporary control centre at the Economic Development Office on Unioninkatu. The test was conducted outside the normal service hours, and the crew was on board during the test.Test carried out successfullyThis breakthrough test is a decisive step forward that helps the maritime sector in the transition towards autonomous vessels, says Juha Koskela, Managing Director of ABBs Marine & Ports business unit.Autonomous is not synonymous to unmanned. As vessels become electric, digital and connected to the Internet, ABB can optimize the skills of mariners and improve the overall safety of operations by utilizing the solutions of our existing portfolio.The Helsinki Economic Development Office as a remote-control centre for a test of ABBs autonomous maritime traffic on 28 November 2018The Economic
Development Office of the Helsinki City Executive Office served in late
November as a test environment for autonomous maritime traffic.Helsinki has a strong concentration of maritime industryThe port of Helsinki is as old as the city. The City of Helsinki port policy is divided into five themes: the archipelago, the port, the maritime industry, Baltic Sea cooperation, and cooperation within the digitalization and startup cluster.Helsinki is home to Finlands largest maritime cluster. About half of the enterprises in the Finnish maritime industry are based in Helsinki, and they employ nearly 20,000 people. Helsinkis dockyard, which is more than 150 years old, specializes in icebreaking, and it has manufactured more than half of all icebreakers in the world. In addition, Helsinki is the main home base of Finnish shipping companies, and the city is home to the largest concentration of maritime-cluster service providers, such as financing, insurance and legal services. Helsinkis neighbouring city Espoo is home to Finlands only university offering maritime studies.Helsinki started to develop an intelligent maritime cluster in 2015. The Helsinki region has tens of startups and engineering offices focusing on the maritime industry, and the City of Helsinki gathers them together annually at the Slush conference and other events. The City of Helsinkis network of intelligent maritime industry actors combines maritime industry and innovative ICT services, the industrial Internet and growth businesses. Examples include utilization of maritime data, autonomous maritime traffic, measuring and monitoring technologies, and maritime control and risk management. The City project supports enterprises in combining their operations and skills as well as in finding customers. One tangible action by the City is the development of intelligent applications in the control of heavy traffic on the HelsinkiTallinn route at Helsinkis West Harbour.The City of Helsinki organized the first intelligent maritime industry seminar at Slush in 2015. In 2016, the event was bigger and was accompanied by a hackathon. In 2017, after the City-managed Merit Project was closed, the event organization was transferred to Finnish Maritime Industries, and in 2018 the event expanded into a large international seminar. The 2018 event was implemented jointly by the Finnish Ship Owners Association, Finnish Maritime Industries, the Finnish Port Association, the Finnish Port Operators Association, the foundation for maritime transport (Merenkulun sti), Centrum Balticum, Maritime Accelerator, the Centre for Economic Development, Transport and the Environment, and the City of Helsinki.Read more:Breaking Waves (a seminar held in connection with Slush on 34 December 2018)
  The development of Malmi Airport and its surroundings is set to continue. In preparation to begin developing the area, the City has decided not to renew the aerodromes land lease after 31 December 2019. The City of Helsinki has leased part of the Malmi Airport area to Malmi Airfield Association, which functions as the operator of this unmonitored aerodrome. According to the Associations land lease, the lease term began on 1 January 2017 and will continue indefinitely, but may be terminated with a months notice. The Association had requested that the City renew its lease. On the 5 December 2018, the Urban Environment Division rejected this request and decided that the lease would be terminated on 31 December 2019, which is also the end date of the original lease. The City has also rented out facilities and land areas at the airport to several other operators. Negotiations with the lessees will be held during 2019. 
The most important new residential area in the new city planThe plan is to build homes for a total of 25,000 residents in the Malmi Airport area between 2020 and 2045. These plans are based on Helsinkis city plan (2016), in which Malmi Airport represents the citys most important new development area.On 8 November 2018, the Supreme Administrative Court of Finland stated as part of its decision regarding Helsinkis new city plan that no changes are necessary with regard to Malmi Airport. Therefore, the land-use planning for the area may continue.Construction to begin at the start of the 2020sThe construction work at Malmi Airport will begin from the southern part of the area, where the plan is to build homes for approximately 4,500residents. The first areas to be developed will be Nallenrinne and Lentoasemankorttelit. It is estimated that the housing construction will begin in 2022, and the prebuilding and work on municipal utilities will start at the beginning of the 2020s. 
The City of Helsinki received 1,259 proposals to the OmaStad.hel.fi platform on how to develop the home district and entire Helsinki. This enormous popularity makes me happy. It is great to start making concrete plans together with the city residents when there is such a vast number of good proposals, says Kirsi Verkka, Development Manager for participatory budgeting.More than 3,000 persons logged on to OmaStadi.hel.fi website between 15 November and 9 December to submit their idea, comment on the proposals and learn about them. The borough liaisons arranged around 100 events in different neighbourhoods to support the city residents in participating. In hundreds of discussions and OmaStadi game nights, the borough liaisons provided those interested with ways to come up with ideas and plan their own, functional city.This is the first year the City of Helsinki has reserved 4.4 million from its budget, the use of which the city residents can decide about. The City has been divided into seven major districts and each area has been given funds according to its population. A fifth of the sum, or 880,000, has been reserved for entire Helsinki's joint projects.During the next few weeks, the City's services comment and evaluate the proposals with relation to the boundary conditions of participatory budgeting. Each proposal is read and categorised as either one that fulfils the boundary conditions or one that does not. During the spring, the proposals will be made into plans together with the residents, city employees, communities and companies. Plans are crafted in the OmaStadi.hel.fi service and at joint meetings. Several proposals may be combined in a plan. All proposals that fulfil the boundary conditions for participatory budgeting will be included in the plans. The objective is to come up with plans of uniform quality and support the realisation of equality. All plans can be viewed and commented on the OmaStadi.hel.fi service. In February, we will arrange OmaStadi construction sites in each major district, to which we invite city residents who have made proposals to make up plans. There is also a separate event for proposals that relate to the entire City, says Verkka.When the plans are ready and the City's services have made cost estimates for them, they will then advance to the voting. All residents of Helsinki aged 12 or older can vote on the plans. The drafting of the plans and the voting takes place in the OmaStadi.hel.fi service. The proposals show how the city residents wish to build a city with a community. There were a lot of proposals concerning resident spaces or finding such, and they are aimed at establishing more spaces for meetings and spontaneous activities. There are also many creative and new kinds of proposals and it will be interesting to see what kind of plans we will be able to make out of these together with the residents, tells Kirsi Verkka.
"Teurastamo Christmas market will take place this weekend from Saturday to Sunday 15.-16.12.The market spreads throughout the former slaughterhouse area called Teurastamo, which is located in Kalasatama. With over 70 sellers and sales points the whole area will be bustling with people and merry market atmosphere. Teurastamo Christmas market is filled with flavors, but you will also find ideas for decorating and of course high-quality Christmas gifts. On Saturday people can enjoy the market program on the yard. It features the Most Beautiful Christmas Songs by Teri Mantere, Pauls Church Christmas play and on dusk a beautiful firedance show. In addition there are side events like Taste of Europe, where European Christmas traditions are on display. Suklaarasia, an event focusing on Artisan chocolate will be found in Teurastamos Flavour Studio.Teurastamo is particularly known as a world of flavours and therefore, in Kellohalli, the market tables are all about baked goods, cheeses and sausages, honey to Christmas drinks and chocolate. In addition, 40 designers and craftspeople are presenting a wide range of design and lifestyle products, both for everyday life and for celebration, scents, jewellery, ornaments and other gift items are on sale. The full list of vendors is available at Teurastamos website and in the facebook-event.The Christmas market consists of several overlapping events. Chocolate lovers are delighted by the Artisanal Chocolate event Suklaarasia, which is now held for the seventh time.At Perhos Culinary School you can learn about the European Christmas traditions at the ""Taste of Europe"". Teurastamo's own fish store Tukkutorin Kala organizes a small fish market where you can taste special products in the spirit of Christmas.The area's restaurants and cafes serve customers throughout the market up to the night!Teurastamo Christmas market 15.-16.12.2018free admissionSat 10.00  17.00 Sun 11.00  17.00https://www.facebook.com/events/298006780792416/You will find Teurastamo near Kalasatama in walking distance from the shopping center REDI Typajankatu 2, 00580 HKIMetro: Kalasatama (400 m), Trams 6,7 and 8: Lautatarhankatu (400 m), Bus 55: Tynnyrintekijnkatu (50 m)11.45 Pauls Church Christmas play12.00 The Finnish Christmas Song day 15.12. is best celebrated by singing. The Most Beautiful Christmas Songs are brought by the musician Teri Mantere and Kari Kanala, the vicar of Pauls Church. Collected donations will be given to the children of developing countries via the Finnish Mission Association.16.00 Belenos Group Of Arts will perform a beautiful and enticing firedance.Kids can ride on a pony on both days.Welcome to taste, get inspired and shop!"
Maintenance work will be undertaken on the website Hel.fi on Saturday, December 15, 2018. The website will have short breaks from 8 am to 12 midnight. On Sunday, December 16 there will be possible breaks from 8 am to noon.A static copy from the preceding night will be displayed during the maintenance.We apologise for any inconveniences caused by the break.
Nokia, Elisa and Efore have commercially deployed a liquid-cooled base station system in an apartment building in Helsinki, a world-first achievement that promises lower costs for operators and owners of base station sites, as well as reduced CO2 emissionsby up to 80 percentIn the deployment, heat emitted from the base station has been redirected to heat the building, lowering energy costs. The Nokia Bell Labs-developed liquid-cooled base station was made at Nokias Oulu facility in Finland and the liquid-cooled power system was developed by power supplier Efore, with Elisa deploying the base station in Helsinki. The VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland Ltd. evaluated the environmental impact of the liquid-cooled base station and energy usage compared to those generated by air cooling in the field.Helsinki Business Hub played a key role by identifying the opportunity and right project partners and connecting them with each other. Helsinki Business Hub is a regional development agency whose role is to enable innovation driven companies to grow and develop in Greater Helsinki.Read moreHelsinki Business Hub  A world-first: Nokia, Elisa and Efore commercially deploy a liquid-cooled base station that can reduce CO2 emissions by up to 80 percent
  Helsinki strives to be the worlds most functional city that makes the best use of digitalization. This means that Helsinki develops impactful, accessible and humane services together with residents.The worlds most functional city will make electronic services available at all times in the future. Services can also be provided in a more proactive and personalized manner, by utilizing data and artificial intelligence.To achieve its ambitious vision, Helsinki has established a working group, which is led by Mikko Rusama, the new Chief Digital Officer of the City of Helsinki. Rusama has extensively charted the current state of digitalization in Helsinki. The digitalization working group also includes the executive directors of the City divisions, the Citys IT management and representatives of the City organization and municipal enterprises on a broad basis. Rusamas work will form the basis for the working group to formulate a joint digitalization plan for the entire City organization, as well as to determine the lead projects, guidelines and measurement tools for digitalization around four project areas.The first project area is resident services. Here the focus will be on joint services  such as the City of Helsinki website at hel.fi, e-services at asiointi.hel.fi, the premises and equipment booking service Varaamo, Service Map, Helsinki App and various feedback channels  and which of them should be managed as portfolios. Some platforms are technically outdated, and customers are not served in the best possible manner by several different websites and digital services. The project area will prioritize resident needs.The second project area will focus on data and artificial
intelligence. The goal will be to create a data strategy, which defines City-level rules for data management and data utilization. The area will also focus on the measurement of digital services, as results are difficult to evaluate without measurement.The third project area is infrastructure and enablers. One goal will be to reduce the number of separate City networks. Another goal will be to assess whether there could be more collaboration in ICT support services, resulting in lowered maintenance costs and freeing resources for new projects.The fourth project area is promotion of an agile
customer-oriented culture of experimentation. The goal will be to provide increased opportunities for small-scale experiments and to focus on how to learn from experiments and how to put the lessons learned to work effectively in the City organization.For more
information, contact:Mikko Rusama, Chief Digital Officer+358 50 572 2229 mikko.rusama@hel.fi
  This years edition of the pocket-size brochure Helsinki facts and figures, often referred to as the Pocket Statistics, appears with slightly reviewed contents and a revamped layout. These Pocket Statistics contain basic statistics for Helsinki on fifteen themes, such as population, housing, education, employment, arts and culture, travel and overnight stays, and health.The Pocket Statistics are issued annually in Finnish, Swedish and English, and less often in Russian, German, French and Chinese.A few picks of the figures:Queries:Statistics and Information Service Manager Ari Jaakola, ari.jaakola@hel.fi, +358 9310 43608 Information Services Secretary Solja Saarto, solja.saarto@hel.fi, +358 9310 36378Publication:Tilastotietoja Helsingist 2018, pdf. Helsingfors i siffror 2018, pdf. Helsinki facts and figures 2018, pdf
The City of Helsinki has signed a 165-million-euro deal on the sale of the office building and plot of the Citys Urban Environment Division. The City is currently constructing the building, located in the vicinity of the Kalasatama Metro station at Typajankatu 8.
The buyer of the real estate is Union Investment, a German real estate investment company. The City of Helsinki and Union Investment signed the sales agreement on 4 December 2018. The building is scheduled for completion in the summer of 2020, when the City of Helsinki becomes a tenant in the building on a long-term lease.This is a significant deal, not only because of the high sales price, but because of the new model of thinking and operating that the deal reflects in terms of real estate ownership, says Technical Director Jaakko
Stauffer, who is in charge of the City of Helsinkis real estate.There is a great deal of various office space alternatives available on the market today, and resident managers compete for good tenants, such as municipalities.In the future, municipalities will have to consider carefully whether they want to tie their capital in real estate, when there is high demand for it from investors on the market. The City of Helsinki decided as early as a few years ago to investigate the leasing alternative with the project to construct the Urban Environment office building, Stauffer says.After the project decision was made, the City of Helsinki began to evaluate real estate investors. The task was given to Newsec. Thus the City could ensure that it would obtain the best possible sales price and the best terms of lease with the help of a transparent sales process.Stauffer comments, These types of arrangements enable the City of Helsinki better to manage real estate risks and the inherent significant risk related to residual value. In the event that we will no longer need the building after the lease expires, or that we will only need a part of it, we will not be left with empty space or with real estate requiring a sizable renovation or alternations.The office building is scheduled for completion in the summer of 2020. It will provide office space for approximately 1,500 City of Helsinki employees. The tenant will be the City of Helsinki Urban Environment Division, which manages the planning, construction and maintenance of the Citys urban environment as well as building control and services related to the natural environment. The division was formed in June 2017 through the merger of seven former City departments responsible for technical operations.Due to the former department-based organizational structure, our operations are scattered around Helsinki. By moving all operations into one location under the same roof, we seek to improve the internal cohesion of the division and to improve customer service, Stauffer explains.The architectural design of the office building is by Lahdelma & Mahlamki Architects. The contractor is Skanska Talonrakennus Oy.Read more (in Finnish):
The
Helsinki City Council decision of 10 December 2018 on the lease of real estateThe
Helsinki City Board decision of 24 September 2018 on the sale of real estate
Helen and MobilePay have agreed to join forces in making mobile payments an option for Helen electricity bills next year.Helen is the first company in Finland to adopt mobile payment as a billing choice.Helen endeavours to introduce new digital services and create easy solutions for customers' daily lives. Billing is becoming electronic at speed, and the majority of customers are already using the e-bill. Mobile payment is a new big step in the electronisation of billing and is expected to become much more common in the coming years.Helen is continuously developing the billing process, and it is implemented together with partners. Intrum is responsible for the accounts services, bill reminders and collection services, as well as customer services for billing and collection. The transmission of bills to MobilePay and other billing channels is the remit of PostNord Strlfors Oy. Introduction of MobilePay as a billing channel became an option for Helen when the transmission of bills into the service became possible through a process implemented by the partners.Read more:Helen
The onboard announcements are very helpful for people with visual impairments as they tell us where the tram or the bus is at the time, says Timo Lehtonen, Vice chair of the City of Helsinki Council on Disability, who relies on a guide dog himself, too.On 3 December, the International Day of Persons with Disabilities, HSL was granted the accessibility award of the City of Helsinki Council on Disability for the announcements on trams and buses. The Council grants the award every year in recognition of work that has been done for the benefit of people with disabilities. The award can be given to individual people as well as to communities.HSL introduced the first next stop announcements in trams in summer 2018 and in the autumn they have also been heard on buses.The announcements lower the threshold of residents with visual impairments for using public transport and encourage them to travel, says Timo Lehtonen, Vice chair of the City of Helsinki Council on Disability. Previously, we had to try to identify familiar bends in the road or sounds to know where the vehicle was. Everyone can imagine that it was not easy.The announcements do not benefit only people with disabilities, but also other users of public transport, such as older people, children and tourists who are visiting the city, Lehtonen continues. The City of Helsinki Council on Disability serves as a link and a means of influencing between the city's administrative sectors, political decision-makers and disability organizations. The Council contributes to the planning, preparation and monitoring of those municipal activities that are important in terms of equal participation and wellbeing of persons with disabilities, such as mobility, health and housing. Helsinki Region Transport
Working days and holidays for the school year 2019-2020 in Helsinki city schools have been decided by Helsinki Education Committee.Finnish-language comprehensive schools and upper secondary schoolsAutumn term8 August 2019 (Thu) - 20 December 2019 (Fri) Autumn holiday14 October 2019 (Mon) -18 October 2019 (Fri) Christmas holiday 21 December 2019 (Sat) -6 January 2020 (Mon)Spring term7 January 2020 (Tue) -30May 2020 (Sat) Winter holiday 17 February 2020 (Mon) - 21 February 2020 (Fri)Swedish-language comprehensive schools and upper secondary schoolsAutumn term 13 August 2019 (Tue) - 20 December 2019 (Fri)  Autumn holiday17 October 2019 (Thu) -18 October 2019 (Fri)  Christmas holiday 21 December 2019 (Sat) -6 January 2020 (Mon)Spring term7 January 2020 (Tue) -30 May 2020 (Sat)  Winter holiday 17 February 2020 (Mon) - 21 February 2020 (Fri)Helsingin aikuislukio (Upper secondary school for adults)Autumn term 27 August 2019 (Tue) - 18 December 2019 (Wed) Autumn holiday 14 October 2019 (Mon) -18 October 2019 (Fri) Christmas holiday19 December 2019 (Thu) -3 January 2020 (Fri)Spring term7 January 2020 (Tue) -29May 2020 (Fri) Winter holiday 17 February 2020 (Mon) - 21 February 2020 (Fri)Holidays9April2020 (Thu)  30 April 2020 (Thu)Summer terms5August 2019 (Mon)  23 August 2019 (Fre)1June 2020 (Mon) -18 June 2020 (Thu)
Helsinki Region Transport HSL and Samocat Sharing Oy will conduct a trial of shared kick scooters in Vuosaari in summer 2019. Users register for the service on an app, which is also used for releasing a scooter from a scooter station. The fee is charged to the users payment card. Both regular scooters and electric scooters will be tested in the pilot. The scooters are foldable and can be taken on public transport, including buses, if need be.There will be approximately 30 stations around Vuosaari. You can now have your say on the location of the stations. Mark 1-30 locations on the map, which you consider suitable for a scooter station. Please respond by 17 December.HSLs IdeaLab competition held this summer sought for new mobility solutions that would complement HSLs services. Two services, scooters and on demand services, were selected for piloting. The functioning, development needs and options for continuing the two services will be studied and evaluated during and after the pilots.
Bea World Festival is an annual Oscar gala for the international event community, in which the best events of the year are awarded. The 2018 festival launched a new category, Best Congress/Conference/Convention Venue, to award the worlds best venue for events. The first ever prize in this category went to Finlandia Hall of Helsinki. The merits of Finlandia Hall cited in the arguments for the prize were the adaptability of the halls spaces and its ability to handle challenging commissions successfully, such as turning itself into the media centre for the Trump-Putin Summit Meeting in July 2018 with a lead time of slightly over one week only. Bea World Festival 2018 was held in Coimbra, Portugal, on 2223 November. The competition was joined by 122 candidates from 28 countries. The total number of entries competing in the various categories of the competition was 303.The new category added to the competition this year, to award the worlds best Congress/Conference/Convention Venue, highlights the vital role that the choice for venue plays in the success of an event.The first ever winner of the Best Congress/Conference/Convention Venue category is Finlandia Hall of Helsinki. The candidates for the award included the well-known exhibitions and international convention centre ExCeL London, which was one of the venues of the London Summer Olympics 2012.We had an opportunity to present the merits of Finlandia Hall to the jury in Coimbra, says Finlandia Hall CEO Johanna Tolonen. We highlighted the central location of the hall, the architectural design by Alvar Aalto and the easy adaptability of the spaces for the needs of each customer. Responsibility is a key factor in our operations. For example, we installed solar panels on our rooftop among the first European event venues to do so. The Finlandia Hall restaurant prepares food mainly from local foods.The success of the Trump-Putin Summits media centre propelled Finlandia Hall to first prizeFactors contributing to the top ranking of Finlandia Hall included the media attention that Finlandia Hall earned in July 2018, when the hall served as the media centre for the Trump-Putin Summit Meeting in Helsinki. The media centre was presented in the competition as an example of the steadfast professionalism the Finlandia Hall staff.International media representatives at the summit gave Finlandia Hall positive feedback, for example, on the friendliness of the staff, the level of service, flexibility, the saunas and catering.We are looking to new international media attention next year, when Finlandia Hall hosts about one hundred meetings related to Finlands presidency of the Council of the European Union. We will execute the meeting services in a tailored fashion. Our role will include catering, interpretation and security, as well as some other services, Tolonen says.Read more:Finlandia Hall
Helsinki Central Library Oodi will opened its doors to the public on 5 December at 8am, a day before Finlands 101st birthday. Designed by ALA Architects, this library of a new era is an ode to Finnish culture, equality and freedom of expression. Oodi offers everyone an open, public urban space at Kansalaistori Square, right opposite Parliament House. Central Library Oodi is an active and functional meeting point with 2.5 million expected annual visitors. Oodi offers its visitors a place for learning something new and developing personal skills by offering information, facilities and the most recent technology for anyone to use. Oodi symbolises the core values of our society, such as education, culture, equality and openness. The promotion of these values is especially vital in these times marked by uncertainty. Oodi stands firmly in the defence line of our democracy, says Mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori.The story of the public library is the story of communal Finland. Now, the era of Oodi is about to begin. Library as a gift to the independence of Finland symbolises the Finnish civilisation ideal and reflects our unique relationship with the library institution, says Minister for European Affairs, Culture and Sport Sampo Terho.Libraries and democracy go strongly hand in hand. In accordance with the 2017 Public Libraries Act, Oodi promotes life-long learning, active citizenship, democracy and freedom of speech. The significance of democracy is also highlighted by the location of Oodi opposite Parliament House.Oodi is situated in the heart of Helsinki surrounded by the institutions of a modern, liberal democracy: Parliament, free press, art and museums, says Deputy Mayor Nasima Razmyar. I hope that Oodi will bring people and institutions together and generate a new kind of interaction and understanding.The ideology behind public libraries has it that the library is a cultural centre that, in addition to literature and reliable information, also offers diverse and innovative services. This also holds true for Oodi, which is a house of literature and of diverse urban experiences. Apart from the traditional library services, Oodi also features a caf, restaurant, cinema, art, studio facilities and an urban workshop, for example. Oodi will be a new part of the Helsinki City Library network of 37 libraries ensuring an easy access to libraries in Helsinki. Oodi is a library of a new era and a pioneer in library services, leading the way in the library world. For instance, Oodi makes use of the most recent robot technology that leaves the library professionals with more time to serve customers. Services will be continuously developed together with customers and partners. The building will get completed, but the library itself will never be ready. Oodi and its services will continue to change and develop, says Director of Oodi Anna-Maria Soininvaara. Oodis facilities are still undergoing some finishing touches, so some of the facilities will open for public use within the coming months. The second floor will be closed to the public from 7 to 27 December, and Kino Regina commences its operation in early 2019.Central Library Oodi serves visitors from the early hours till late in the evening seven days a week. Oodi comprises almost exclusively facilities open to public. Its architectural concept is based on a notion of dividing library functions to three different types of floors, each with their dedicated atmospheres.The first floor is a fast paced transformable space. It holds a spacious lobby for organising various events, the librarys information desk, book returns as well as a caf. The cinema and the multi-purpose hall located on this floor can be flexibly used for either extending the lobby or organising separate events.Oodi is a place for learning and doing things. On the second floor, city residents can get creative in the top-class workshop and studio facilities. At the Urban Workshop on the second floor, you can create new things and personalise old ones. A broad range of tools is available for anyone to use, ranging from 3D printer to overlocker, from laser cutter to label printer. The second floor also hosts the state-of-the-art studios for playing music, recording, filming and editing. There are also rooms dedicated for studying and working. Book Heaven on the third floor of Oodi fuses the traditional library mood and modern library services. The third floor invites you to read, learn and relax. There are 100,000 items available to borrow, a caf and nine living trees. The childrens section offers the opportunity to get carried away by stories and imagination. The Citizens Balcony facing Parliament House is a great place to admire the Tlnlahti Park and city centre in the summertime. Oodi is also a house of partnership. The Kino Regina cinema of the National Audiovisual Institute, Playground Loru, Helsinki-Info, Brygga participatory facility of the Urban Environment Division and EU@Oodi offering EU information all serve customers under one roof. The caf and restaurant services available on the first and third floor are provided by Fazer. Operations are planned in close cooperation with the Tlnlahti area neighbours, i.e. the Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma, Musiikkitalo  the Helsinki Music Centre and the Sanomatalo building.At Oodi, you can participate in diverse events and workshops, attend lectures and get inspired by media art. Yle Kulttuuri launches Oodis programme with the premire of two author documentaries directly after the grand opening on 7 December and Kohtaamisia-klubi of Musiikkitalo  the Helsinki Music Centre, will visit Oodi on 8 December. The spring season will feature visiting authors and the Harry Potter Book Night. Oodi will also become one of the key event locations of the DocPoint festival. Oodi has been funded by the City of Helsinki and the State. The States share of the funding is 30 million, with the total cost at 98 million. Oodi has been a project for the 100th anniversary of Finnish independence. Therefore, it can be seen as a gift from the State and City of Helsinki to Finns and 100-year-old Finland. ALA Architects is responsible for Oodis architectural planning, and YIT is the building contractor. The open international architectural competition published in January 2012 received 544 entries from all over the world. Six entries were selected for the second round of the competition in November 2012, and ALA Architects was declared the winner with their entry Knns in June 2013.The design we created for the competition answered the city residents dreams with the help of architecture that everybody wanted to build. The draft started to transform irresistibly into an amazing and very sensible building, and none of its exceptional features were questioned because they form an entity greater than the components. As we see it, the completed building is in line with the competition entry and the original idea very well and we cannot wait to see how city residents will embrace the building, say partners of ALA Architects Juho Grnholm, Antti Nousjoki and Samuli Woolston.YIT started the construction of Central Library Oodi in September 2015. The building features several original and unique solutions that require special expertise from the building contractor, such as the two steel arches that support the building.There have been no compromises in Oodi, we have strived to follow the architectural plans to a T, says Head Supervisor of Oodi Tero Seppnen at YIT. Nobody builds such buildings alone the key to the success of the project and solving various challenges has been in the close cooperation of all parties. It has been a dream to run a site with some of the best people in this industry. With great joy, we hand over the result of our contribution for use by city residents for future decades.Oodi has been designed by listening to and engaging its users so that it would match city residents hopes and needs in the best possible manner. In 2012, hundreds of library dreams of residents were collected, and with the help of participatory budgeting city residents were able to allocate funds to the development projects of the Central Library. Over the years, various customer panels and development communities have shared their input as users in Oodis design process. Future users have had their say, for example, in the choice of Oodis seats and the collection of magazines and journals. The name of the library, too, was selected through an open name competition. Oodi is truly a house of all city residents.***Oodi will open its doors to the public for the first time on the eve of the Independence Day on 5 December at 8am. The opening festivities will continue on Independence Day on 6 December, with the programme focusing especially on families with children. The grand opening programme is available at https://www.oodihelsinki.fi/en/grand-opening/ Oodis grand opening can be viewed by means of live broadcasting atwww.helsinkikanava.fi on 5 December. Oodis grand opening on social media: #oodi #oodihelsinki #onneaoodiHelsinki-info starts today in Oodi
24 h Telephone Health Service, Tel. 09 310 10023 provides information about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call.In the event of a severe and life-threatening illness or accident situation at any time of the day, call 112 for help.Health stations are open 5th December 8 - 16. Health stations are closed on Independence Day 6th December.When local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services. Call 116 117 before you go to the emergency clinic. The service is open 24/7 and free of charge.When local health stations are closed, residents of Helsinki with serious illnesses and in urgent need for care can also go to the Jorvi Hospital emergency room in Espoo, Turuntie 150, tel. 09 87 10023, or to the Peijas Hospital emergency room in Vantaa, Sairaalakatu 1, Vantaa, call first tel. 116 117.Emergency dental care is provided on Independence Day 6th December at Haartman Hospital, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12. Appointments can be booked 8 - 21 at 09 310 49999. Night emergency duty is at Tl hospital emergency department, Tlnkatu 40, tel. 09 471 87708. Please always make an appointment by phone before seeking treatment for Emergency Dental Care.Emergency Social Services and Crisis emergency support serve 24/7 also during Independence Day. Emergency Social Services tel. 020 696 006 and Crisis emergency support tel. 09 310 44222.
  Helsinki is a City in development, with thousands of street works of different sizes carried out every year. In the most functional City in the world, the street works must be performed in a way which causes as few disturbances as possible to the everyday lives of the city residents. The City starts a wide-ranging project, the objective of which is to produce systemic and cultural changes that considerably reduce the harmful effects caused by street works to the city residents.
"The streets of Helsinki are built and improved at an unforeseen pace. The number of large projects is increasing and there will be several significant street construction sites in the inner city every year. In many places, the streets and the municipal engineering under them are due a complete renovation. The City and its partners are also investing in public transport, the improvement of conditions for bicycling and walking and development of new housing areas. In addition to the larger repair works, every year there are thousands of other excavation works on the streets of the City and it is often necessary to claim street areas for work site use. ""We are faced with considerable challenges in terms of the disturbances caused by street works to the city residents. These pertain to, for example, scheduling, excessive lead-times, work-related disturbances and work site conditions and communications"", describes Mayor Jan"
"Vapaavuori. Several measures will be applied in order to achieve a change of rhythm in the street works. The goal of the project is to find some systemic and cultural changes through which the situation can be improved permanently. As a part of the project, the City has established a research project with the Aalto University where the aim is to figure out the current state of the street projects and their economic effects from the perspective of, for example, residents and companies. ""When the current state and the best domestic and foreign operating models have been described, we will develop a specific operating model for Helsinki to be trialled in two street objects, which will be defined in the first phase of the project. In these, we are looking for ways to speed up the work by decreasing lead-times, slashing redundant functions and increasing the foreseeability"", says Professor Olli Seppnen at the Aalto University Department of Civil Engineering, who is in charge of the research project. The first students from Aalto University have already started with the observations at a construction site on Mechelininkatu. In the future, the team will be looking to utilise, for example, drones and satellite data, which can provide extensive aerial data views of how the work site advances, even simultaneously from several work sites if needed.The City has conducted development work for a long time and some gains have been achieved, but now the whole organisation of the street works will be observed from a systemic point of view. Individual actions have not solved the general problem. The process behind the entire City's street works from programming to implementation will be scrutinised using lean thinking. Lean thinking plays an important role in Aalto University's research project as well, when the team tries to come up with solutions for cutting down the lead-times in street projects considerably.The objective is, among other things, to develop the procurement procedures related to the contracts and affect the work planning of the contractors, elevate the quality of the traffic arrangements and increase the impact of the supervision and further a better dialogue between the parties on a joint work site. For example, the current interlinking of contracts has made the street works very sensitive to disturbances and the entire work site may be halted due to some detail. The City's ambition concerning the impact of reducing the harm caused by street works must also be clarified to the contractors and the dialogue between the parties must be increased considerably. ""In the invitations to tender, we have already made demands concerning accelerated schedules and longer daily working hours. Next year, a large project is the regeneration of Hmeentie and for that we have had a market dialogue with the contractors and the project has advanced to the competitive bidding phase. The goal is to find better ways of implementing an object of this size and complexity"", says Executive Director Mikko Aho.In the future, it is also possible that projects are implemented using the alliance model. The communications in street projects will also be made with increased anticipation and the dialogue with the residents will be intensified during the work phase.""The streamlining of street works makes up a big part of my mission to make Helsinki the most functional City in the world, but on the other hand, it is just one example of how the City can be made agile and functional. We need to involve the best professionals and here I hope that we can attract a lot of private actors as sparring partners to the City. A new operating model is developed at the workshops arranged by the Aalto University. All actors in the field are welcome to participate in this work"", says Vapaavuori.The details of how the project will proceed and the essential challenges identified in the first phase will be the focus of a dialogue at an event organised for the actors in the field in January 2019.Facts"
"Helsinki is developing an internationally significant Startup Campus with around 5,000 jobs and 70,000 square metres in connection to the successful Maria 01 startup hub. The new Maria 01 campus will be looking to attract growth companies, startups, anchor companies, investors, accelerators and representatives of research and development activities. The objective is to get around 650 new actors in addition to the current 130 actors. The global startup community's interest in Helsinki is continuously growing.""During the expansion project, Maria 01 will grow and become one of Europe's largest Startup Campuses, which offers first-rate conditions for innovations and the development of ambitious teams from startups into growth companies. World-changing solutions are born out of encounters, joint efforts and quick experiments and Helsinki wants to offer a functional and attractive platform for this"", says Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.A consortium led by YIT and Keva was chosen as the contractor of the project and in addition to the leaders, it comprises 23 companies*), including Accenture, Industryhack, Kone, MaaS Global, Nokia, Siemens and Slush. The contractors were chosen in the preparation phase of the local detailed plan, in order to be able to plan the area according to the idea.The Startup Campus will help form an innovation ecosystem, where different kinds of actors complement each other. We already have a strong basis for advancing, but new actors are welcome"", says YIT Project Director Olli Viita.The partner companies produce innovative services and solutions needed by the Startup Campus, bring managerial skills and growth company expertise to the project and develop the functional concept of the project and the architecture that expresses it.""It is great to be part of the project, which builds on the success of Helsinki's startup community. It's not just a premises project, but a massive hub for connecting companies to boost their growth"", says Slush CEO Andreas Saari.Finland and Helsinki are favourable locations for growth companies and companies investing in them.""We have the experience, know-how and courage to test city development solutions and with Helsinki's Startup Campus project, we can now also offer physical space for both domestic and foreign growth companies and investors"", says YIT Executive Vice President, Urban Development Juha Kostiainen.The new Maria 01 is a meeting place for startups developing their ideas, growth companies, venture capitalists and private equity investors funding the stars of the future and international big business offering international growth possibilities and partnerships to startups.The premises of Maria 01 are planned according to the needs of a growing company. The team can work in the house from the development of the idea to the brink of growth. The premises and the rental agreements will be planned to support both impermanence and rapid needs for change.There will be more than 50 000 square metres of new premises built according to the plan. Also included in the plan is an expansion of the current Maria 01 from 13,000 square metres to 19,000 square metres.The area's development period will run through 2020, which is when the planned expansion work will commence. The expansion is due to be completed in 2023.*) Industryhack Oy, Slush Ltd, Accenture Oy, MaaS Global Ltd, Aarti Ollila Ristola Architects Ltd, Arkworks Architects Ltd, Colliers International Finland Oy, Suunnittelutoimisto Amerikka Oy, Plus One Agency Oy, Uusi kaupunki Kollektiivi Oy, Sitowise Oy, Vainu.io Software Oy, Smartly.io Solutions Ltd, The International Childcare & Education Centre, Heltti Ltd., Vapaus Bikes Finland Oy, Restaurant Fat Lizard Otaniemi Ltd, CHAOS Architects Oy, Nokia Oyj, Siemens Oy, Kone Ltd, Aalto University and Foundation for Student Housing in the Helsinki Region sr.Keva is Finlands largest pension provider. It is responsible for funding the pensions of local government employees and for investing their pension funds. The market value of Kevas investments at the end of 2017 was EUR 51,9 billion.YIT is the largest Finnish and significant North European construction company. We develop and build apartments, business premises and entire areas. Together with our customers, our 10,000 professionals are creating more functional, more attractive and more sustainable cities and environments. Our pro forma revenue for 2017 was over EUR 3.8 billion. YIT Corporation's share is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Oy.Online:maria.iomaria.io/press/ #maria01For further information, please contact:maria(at)yit.fi"
"Helsinki is the meeting place for international startups, investors and the media, when Slush fills the Messukeskus Exhibition and Convention Center on 45 December 2018. In terms of its economic impact, Slush is one of the top events in Helsinki, but the true value of the event is more wide-ranging than the economic data.During its 11 years, Slush has grown into the top tier of the startup and tech events in the world. Last year, the event had about 20,000 visitors, among them 2,500 startups, 1,500 investors and 600 representatives of international media. This year, the organisers expect an increasingly international group of guests from more than 130 countries.The attractiveness of Slush is also underlined by the fact that the event arrangements are once again boosted by a group of around 2,200 volunteers.Helsinki is proud of Slush and it makes increasing investments in the co-operation. During the last couple of years, the City has also travelled with Slush around the world, to Slush Tokyo and Slush Singapore.The global startup community's interest in Helsinki is continuously growing. One of the most important factors in this success is Slush, whose meaning to Helsinki and entire Finland is about so much more than a single startup and tech event. Slush brings the most topical people and discussions in the field to Helsinki and ensures that Helsinki is and stays at the forefront of development"", says Mayor Jan Vapaavuori. In addition to the money spent in the city by the Slush visitors, the employment effects of the event organisation and the immense international visibility that is poured over Helsinki, the value of Slush is measured in the number of investments, deals and contacts created during the event.Slush's significance will surely also be a point of discussion on Tuesday 4 December, when Mayor Vapaavuori meets Tencent CXO David Wallerstein on Slush's Evergreen Stage to discuss the topic: Cities as a Platform for Developing Frontier Tech.Helsinki wants to be one of the top cities of VR/AR know-how and at its Slush stand it will present the VR-Helsinki, which is a digital duplicate of the city created through 3D modelling.VR-Helsinki is looking to become a service platform for sustainable tourism, whose goal is to attract a million visitors during next year. Helsinki has created the virtual city experience in co-operation with VR-studio Zoan.The City of Helsinki will launch the concept plan for the Maria 01 Startup Campus to the international media at Slush.A new startup campus of around 70,000 square metres in total is being planned next to the Maria 01 startup cluster in the former Maria hospital area. The aim is to attract, among others, ambitious growth companies, anchor companies, investors, accelerators and representatives of research and development activities as lessees. The campus is located in the Helsinki inner city and it will become one of the largest in Europe.A consortium led by YIT and Keva with 23 partner companies, including Slush, has been chosen as the contractor for the campus.Slush is a two-day event, but many participants will enjoy Slush's side events during the event week and stay for longer in Helsinki. As in previous years, the hotels in Helsinki and in adjacent areas are pretty much fully booked during Slush.The public transport vehicles and taxi traffic to the Messukeskus Exhibition and Convention Center in Pasila will have a lot of passengers during the event days. The doors to the event open on both days at 8:00 AM, the programme starts at 10:00 AM and the doors close at 6:00 PM. During the event, HSL sponsors a region ticket to 10,000 Slush guests in order to ensure that Helsinki's excellent public transport system is used as the main means of transportation.It is also possible to tune in to the Slush atmosphere without an admission ticket. The event's official after work area Slush Founders Street brings startup people in the evenings to Kalevankatu. The Founders Street opening event is arranged on Monday 3 December at 7:00 PM.The Helsinki City Hall participates in the Slush spirit with a facade lighting, which can be seen from the morning on 3 December. The lighting is upheld until the end of Slush, 5 December at 06:00 PM.Further information Slush 2018Slush Helsinki Guide: Helsinki State of MindStartups in Finland: Business Finland's new service offers comprehensive information on the startup ecosystem in Helsinki and the entire country"
The people of Helsinki have engaged in the first round of the participatory budgeting with excitement. More than 500 development proposals for people's own neighbourhoods have already been submitted. It is possible to submit ideas on the OmaStadi.hel.fi web service or at the workshops until 9 December. All the proposals can be read on the OmaStadi.hel.fi website. The City of Helsinki has for the first time reserved 4.4 million from its budget, the use of which the city residents will decide on. The funds of the participatory budgeting have been shared according to the population between seven major districts. Almost 900,000 of the total sum has been reserved for proposals developing the entire City.In spring, the City invites everyone who has submitted proposals to make plans, for which a cost estimate will be calculated. These plans will then advance to voting. The plans are crafted at joint events and in the OmaStadi service, where everyone can follow and comment on the development of the plans. How can I participate in the brainstorming? Link The following stages: Link to previous news on the topicYou can readon the OmaStadi.hel.fi website what hasalready been proposed in your area.Proposals are mainly in Finnish. There is a short summary about the seven major districts in Helsinki.
Helen wants to buy surplus heat from companies and properties. Open district heat increases diversity in heat procurement and promotes circular economy and climate-neutral energy production.In open district heat, the district heating network is utilised in an even more diverse way than before. District heat can be produced with increased efficiency in terms of economy and the environment.Two-way heat trade is meant for properties, companies and residential buildings, which use Helens district heat and the operation of which generate heat that is suitable as such for use in the district heating network. Trading possibilities are established in each case separately.For example, industrial processes may produce directly utilisable heat with a sufficiently high temperature. On the other hand, real estate companies and housing co-operatives may have low-temperature heat that requires a temperature increase before it can be utilised in the district heating network.Read more:Helen
  The Helsinki City Council approved the City of Helsinki budget proposal for 2019 and the City economic plan for 20192021 at the Council meeting of 28 November. The City of Helsinki operating expenses of 2019 are estimated in the budget to be 4.47 billion euros. Investment costs are estimated to be 609 million euros. According to the City of Helsinki budget and economic plan, population growth in Helsinki is projected to continue at a robust rate in the next three years, averaging 8,000 new residents per year. The 2019 budget makes provisions for the needs of the rapidly growing city.Allocations to meet the growth in operating expenses will be targeted especially at social services and health care, which will be increasing as the City population grows. The City of Helsinki Education Division will be a major recipient of added allocations.The City Council also approved 9 out of 10 proposals for changes to the budget proposal. More information on these proposals and the voting on the proposals can be found in the release
on the City Council decisions (in Finnish).The City Council voting maps and other information on City Council meetings are published on the City of Helsinki web channel helsinkikanava.fi in connection with video recordings of the Council meetings, which are available on demand.During the following three years, the estimated population growth of Helsinki will remain rapid, with 7,5008,000 new citizens annually. Preparation for the needs of a growing City lies at the heart of Mayor Jan Vapaavuori's 2019 budget proposal. At the city level, the increase in the appropriations for operating expenses is 2.79 per cent, based on the population growth pace and the change of the cost level. The increase in the appropriations is directed especially towards basic public services, where the population growth increases the costs most directly. This is seen in the budget proposal as increased appropriations especially to the Education Division, whose appropriations increase in the Mayor's proposal by 42 million (3.6 %) from the 2018 budget. In comprehensive schools and in upper secondary education, the total number of clients will grow by around 2,400 children and young people compared to the current year. This is a sign of the City's growth and dynamic activities, but the substantial growth poses a challenge to the organisation of early childhood education and basic education. Moreover, the Division is initiating several measures rooted in the City Strategy, from the earlier introduction of language education to the doubling of the number of available student places in English. These are necessary investments in a City that is becoming increasingly international, says Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.
In 2018, Helsinki's tax revenue development has been better than what was anticipated in the budget for the current year. In the beginning of 2018, the City's local tax rate decreased by half a percentage point to 18 per cent, but the local tax revenue will still equal the figure for 2017. This is a consequence of the better-than-average growth of the total amount of wages and salaries in Helsinki. The 2019 budget proposal is based on the current local tax rate of 18.0 %. The local tax revenue is expected to keep growing in 2019 to about 2,670 million.The estimated corporation tax revenue for 2019 is 630 million. This constitutes an 8.6 per cent improvement to the estimate for 2018. The estimated real estate tax revenue for 2018 is 278 million. In the 2019 proposal, the real estate tax rates remain at the 2018 level.In 2018, the central government transfers to local government are estimated at 196 million. The estimate for 2019 is that the transfers will remain unchanged from 2018. The tax revenue-based equalisation of the central government transfers to local government received by Helsinki is expected to increase from 2018 by around 20 million to 340 million in 2019. Of Helsinki's above domestic average tax revenue development, a little more than a generated 37 per cent is transferred to the factor
increasing the central government transfers to local government of municipalities receiving tax-based equalisation.  As the Capital, Helsinki shoulders an important role as the growth engine of the entire country. The outlook is now decent, but there are considerable risks as well. If the Government's region model is realised, then the tax income transferred to the region would considerably lower the City's accrued tax revenue and endanger the investments required to ensure a sustainable growth. This would be a disastrous reform especially for rapidly growing cities, summarises Vapaavuori. Due to the uncertainties related to the future, the outstanding amount of loans has to be kept moderate. According to the City Strategy, investments are kept at a level that can be funded without adding to the per capita indebtedness. Acknowledging the population growth, the outstanding amount of loans can grow by around 45 million during the three-year economic plan period. The estimate for the outstanding amount of loans at the end of 2018 is 1,100 million or 1,690 per capita.The City's investment expenditure in 2019 is 774.2 million in total. Out of this, the investments by municipally owned companies amount to 171.5 million. When compared to the 2018 budget, the investment expenditure of the parent City grows by 22.0 million (2.9 %), to 602.7 million. Municipally owned company Helsinki City Transport's investments in the development of public transport are 156.1 million in the 2019 budget.  The City's investment level is at a historic high. During the last decade, the population of Helsinki has grown by almost as much as the entire population of the smallest region in Central Ostrobothnia as per the Government's proposal. Last year, there were over 8,000 new Helsinkians and the same pace will continue over the next few years. 60 per cent of the municipalities in Finland are smaller than Helsinki's annual population growth. There is an increasing demand for an urban lifestyle and the significance of cities is growing. The intensified urbanisation requires new housing and new schools, day-care centres, health stations, youth and sports premises, but also traffic and transport infrastructure. Financing all this requires a positive development of the tax revenue in the future as well, says Mayor Vapaavuori.In the investment programme the emphasis has been laid in accordance with the City Strategy. The renovation of constructed assets is taken care of and the maintenance backlog is contained. The prerequisites for the growth of the City are secured by commitments to the investments required by the housing production goal and business life, as well as to the development of the service network. This shows especially as a higher preconstruction investments level and the planned increase in the volume of repair construction and new replacement construction over the next few years. Public transport investments are made to ensure the prerequisites for the implementation of projects that have already been approved and the functionality of connections that have already been mobilised.
   The
housing production goal increases to 7,000 housing units. In 2019, the emphasis of the housing production is especially in the neighbourhoods of Jtksaari, Kalasatama, Kruunuvuorenranta and Kuninkaantammi. The construction of Hernesaari begins. Business premises are constructed especially in Kalasatama and Pasila. The liveliest infill construction occurs in Herttoniemi and in the development zones of the Jokeri light rail line. During the planning period, the construction of project areas and the preconstruction and construction of streets and parks required by the infill construction take up a share of about one third of the expenses in the investment part. Street and traffic lane investments are estimated at 135.5 million in the budget. During the planning period, the expected investments amount to 139.6 million in 2020 and to 148.5 million in 2021. The most important ones are the street investments to service the housing production.The total sum reserved for new and additional construction and renovation projects is 260.1 million in 2019. The figure is almost 20 per cent higher than last year. In 2020 of the economic plan, the estimated sum needed for construction investments is 238.0 million and in 2021 the estimate is set at 230.8 million.As for the new construction, the emphasis during the programme period 20192028 will be placed on the construction of service buildings in new areas and new buildings that replace existing ones. The most important projects in 20192021 are Jakomen sydn (the heart of Jakomki), which comprises the area's new integrated comprehensive school, youth premises and day-care centre, Jtksaaren peruskoulu, the new replacement building for Vuosaaren lukio, the new replacement building for Puotilan ala-aste and the Kalasatama neighbourhood centre.During the five-year period 20192023 of the construction programme for house construction projects, a sum of around 780 million has been reserved for the education division's repair construction and new replacement construction projects. The appropriation makes it possible to realise reconstructions or new replacement buildings for around 70 schools and day-care centres. The increased precision in the planning is connected to the comprehensive real estate strategy, a first for the City, whose aim is to ensure healthy and secure premises and make the City's use of premises more efficient. When it comes to the real estate strategy, the objective is to reach the decision-making stage by the turn of the year, says Vapaavuori.
In addition to the big entities, the Mayor's proposal includes small but important investment objects on the way to building the most functional city in the world.  For years, there has been an intense debate about the City's public toilet premises and the inadequacy of them, for example, for meeting the needs of the growing tourism. The debate has not put Helsinki in a good light. For this reason, my proposal includes the construction of ten new toilet premises instead of the one previously planned during 2019, says Vapaavuori.Municipally owned company Helsinki City Transport's biggest single investment project is the construction and planning of the infrastructure for the Jokeri light rail line, 26.0 million. Other big traffic investment objects are the acquisition of new inner city tram cars, the Jokeri light rail depot and renovations of old metro cars. The planning of the Crown Bridges project continues.The appropriation for public transport development is used for enabling the start of the trunk bus route 510 between Herttoniemi and Otaniemi in 2019 and the trunk bus route 570 between Mellunmki and Tikkurila in 2020. In 2020, the appropriation for public transport development is mainly directed towards the construction of the Crown Bridges and the Jokeri light rail line.The Mayor's budget framework proposal, which was published in May, included a proposal for the City's longer-term wages and salaries programme. According to the City Board's decision, the longer-term wages and salaries programme, the wages and salaries development plan, will be initiated now, in the budget phase.The wages and salaries development plan is based on an analysis of the essential development needs connected to the wages and salaries of the personnel and groups of people as well as on the employer's needs in ensuring the availability of skilled labour. In the 2019 budget, 4 million has been reserved for the implementation of the wages and salaries development plan.Acknowledging the sectoral allowance of the general collective agreement for municipal personnel, the budget includes a centralised reservation for an appropriation, which is allocated towards the divisions in accordance with what was agreed upon in the local negotiations. The economic framework set in the City Strategy allows a 2.79 per cent growth in the appropriations for operating expenses (excluding municipally owned companies and funds). Included in the Mayor's budget proposal is largely the needs for additions presented by the division committees in their respective budget proposals.
The comparable expenses growths of the divisions from the 2018 budget to the Mayor's 2019 budget proposal are:In accordance with the City Board's framework decision, 13 million have been reserved in the available funds, to be allocated towards the allocation needs deemed most important, among other things with reference to the City Strategy, in the City Board's budget negotiations.After the City Board's 13 million allocation reservation and the allocation for the collective agreement's sectoral allowance, which is yet to be distributed, as well as the allocation for the reservation in the wages and salaries development plan, the appropriations will grow more than what has been presented above.The Mayor's Budget Proposal 2019
Today, on Thursday 29 November 2018, the Mayor of Helsinki hosts the traditional Independence Day celebration at Finlandia Hall for the fourth-graders who attend comprehensive school in Helsinki. The surprise performance by singer-songwriter Ellinoora at today's event has been kept a secret up until the last moment.This year, the schoolchildren will celebrate Finland's independence at three similar events, the first one taking place at 9.3011.15 a.m., the second one at 12.452.30 p.m., and the third one at 4.005.45 p.m.Every fourth-grader who goes to school in Helsinki has received a personal party invitation from the mayor.The celebrations start with a handshaking ceremony Mayor Jan Vapaavuori and Mrs Vapaavuori, deputy mayor Nasima Razmyar and the executive director of the Education Division, Liisa Pohjolainen, greet the guests with a handshake. The children have prepared themselves for the independence reception by training party manners and traditional dances in their respective schools.Vapaavuori, who is hosting the celebrations for the second time, has been looking forward to the event as the highlight of the year. It is one of the funniest and also one of the most precious working duties of the year. The joy of the children is catching and the celebration is an opportunity to recollect how independence is a happy thing that relates to everyone. I think that the Independence Day celebration for fourth-graders is one of the City's most important traditions, says Vapaavuori.After Ellinoora's concert, the dance will ensue: mignon, cicapo, jingle bells, jiffy mixer, rock 'n' roll and letkis.Tastes of Finnish producesChef Markku Luola has composed the festive menu that he calls Makutellus. The guests will be served a raspberry drink for starters ahead of proceeding to the culinary titbits. They can enjoy a savoury appetiser baked by Liepuska bakery, namely a chicken, apple and spelt quiche. Vyrynen's bakery and the pH7 patisserie are responsible for the sweet treats: curd filled doughnuts from the former and lingonberry and cardamom marshmallows prepared by the latter.The Finlandia restaurant will be assisted by 60 students in the hotel, restaurant and catering business from the Helsinki Vocational College's Roihuvuori unit. Order will be maintained with the help of 45 students from Lauttasaari upper secondary school. Many of the assistants have once celebrated independence at the Mayor's reception themselves.Follow the celebration on the Helsinki ChannelThe celebration of the fourth-graders can be watched live again this year on the Helsinki Channel at www.helsinkikanava.fi. The Helsinki Channel will transmit a general picture of the pupils and the celebrations due to the fact that there is a prohibition on filming several of them. As a consequence, the faces of individual students cannot be filmed or photographed.All the day's celebrations will be broadcast live, and the recordings can also be accessed later on through the Helsinki Channel. You can also get a feel for the celebrations via the party's Facebook page that will follow the events of the day closely.About 120,000 schoolchildren from Helsinki have participated in the celebrations since 1997. Compared with the first party in 1997, the number of participants has increased by almost 1,000.Background informationThe Mayor's independence celebration is an annual event of the City of Helsinki, organised by the City's subsidiary Helsinki Marketing.Mayor Eva-Riitta Siitonen started the tradition with independence receptions for the fourth-graders in 1997.On 19 November, the Ministry of Education and Culture granted the celebrations the national Children's Day prize. The ministry states in its reasoning that the independence reception underlines the children's right to culture and festive traditions. The amount of the prize is 9,000 euros. The City of Helsinki will transfer the prize money to the Circus Helsinki association as a contribution to children's culture. The association has performed at several of the receptions for the fourth-graders over the years. Next year the reception will take place on Wednesday 4 December 2019 at Finlandia Hall.LinksThe party in Internet pagesThe Helsinki ChannelFacebook page for the receptionHow we came up with the idea for the event Read Mayor Vapaavuori's blog 
  The English section of the Helsinki-info bulletins new edition presents the recently opened New Childrens Hospital, discusses how asylum seekers can ease workforce shortages in Finland and introduces a Chinese student residing in Helsinki.
New Childrens Hospital is a long-awaited addition to the hospital complex of HUS Helsinki University Hospital at the Meilahti campus. The hospital is a model of new thinking in medical care: while ensuring the optimal flow of medical operations, the hospital is a humane environment that promotes healing.The healing environment of the hospital is created by many elements that stimulate children and take their thoughts away from illness, says Pekka Lahdenne, Associate Professor of Pediatrics at HUS, who led the operational design of the hospital.
This project didnt proceed with architecture first but with user needs first, says Antti-Matti Siikala of SARC Architects, the leader of the architectural team comprising SARC and Architect Group Reino Koivula.Many sectors of the Finnish economy suffering from workforce shortages  construction, restaurants and many services  could find an important resource in asylum seekers.Businesses may not know that they could hire asylum seekers, says Elisa Vepslinen, Executive Director of Startup Refugees, asserting, Asylum seekers are highly motivated to work.Asylum seekers can legally work in 36 months after their arrival in Finland. Employers report good experiences with asylum seekers and have found that they possess a great deal of potential.The regular Helsinki-info series profiling Helsinkis foreign-born residents introduces Chinese student Yuanyuan Xie. She has grown accustomed to and enjoys many aspects of Finland but would like to see more encounters between the foreign-born and native residents of Helsinki.
Read the above articles and more in Helsinki-info
VR-Helsinki aims to become the service platform for sustainable tourism. The unique virtual city experience has been developed by the City of Helsinki together with its partner VR-studio ZOAN. Virtual Helsinki will be presented at Slush, the worlds leading startup event, on 4-5 December.Virtual Helsinki is a digital twin of Helsinki that has been created by means of 3D modelling. The aim is to profile Helsinki as a centre of VR/AR expertise, as well as to attract a million virtual visitors to Helsinki in 2019.Virtual tourism is a globally interesting and growing theme. Consumers are increasingly aware of the climate impacts of tourism and are keen to make responsible decisions. Virtual tourism also supports Helsinkis own goal of being a pioneer in sustainable tourism while reinforcing our reputation as a city that utilises the latest digital innovations, explains Laura Aalto, CEO of Helsinki Marketing.Helsinki recently won the European Commissions new European Capital of Smart Tourism competition, the evaluation criteria for which included the sustainable development of tourism, the use of digitalisation in tourism services, an interesting cultural heritage and innovative tourism offerings. VR-Helsinki combines the same themes.In the virtual city experience presented at Slush, visitors can enjoy an exciting tour of Senate Square, the home of legendary Finnish architect Alvar Aalto in Munkkiniemi and the recreational island of Lonna. The tour is accompanied by music and changing seasons.While many actors in the tourism industry already market their destinations in 360-videos that can be viewed on VR headsets, the concept for Virtual Helsinki is broader. VR-Helsinki allows visitors to move about freely in the computer simulation of Helsinki, and various additional experiences can be created. In the future, VR-Helsinki will serve as a digital platform that enables also service providers to run their businesses.For example, visitors can tour Helsinki as it was in the early 20th century or purchase Finnish design products and have them delivered to their homes by post. In addition, as virtual reality becomes more social in the near future, friends from all around the world can meet and explore virtual destinations together, explains Miikka Rosendahl, CEO of ZOAN.Helsinki wants to offer visitors more impressive experiences. The virtual city experience offers unlimited opportunities to visit Helsinki from the comfort of ones own sofa. VR-Helsinki can also be used to promote Helsinki as a host city for congresses and events, Laura Aalto adds.VR-Helsinki will be available as of next year, for example from VR content stores and at various events and venues around the world.More informationVirtual HelsinkiVideo: Making of Virtual Helsinki
  On 28 November, the Hel.fi website will be relaunched with a new design in accordance with the Helsinki brand. The changes to the site's appearance will be extensive and they are liable to cause malfunctions. Some parts of the site might be completely out of order. The site may also appear with two different designs during the latter part of the week. We will try to fix the errors as quickly as possible.The objective of the facelift is to create a visually calm environment and to highlight the content. The major difference will consist of moving the list of links to the centre column above the bottom links. As a consequence, the space left for content will grow sideways on the web pages. The page addresses will remain the same, and so will the navigation bar. Various colours will designate different parts of the web pages that will be delineated by lines. User feedback has influenced the overhaul of the site. Now, the feedback link will be raised to the website header. The events search has also been brought straight to the home page. We will introduce a site search engine based on IBM Watson artificial intelligence, which is currently being updated. The new search tool makes it easier for you to find the information you are looking for. Every page will have a footer that enables you to switch right away to specific sections: municipal services for the families, the young, the elderly, the disabled, the immigrants and the entrepreneurs.
The website will first be launched in Finnish, Swedish and English, and further on it will be available in German, French and Russian as well. Thereafter, the project moves on to the sites for different groups of inhabitants, to the divisions sites and to the project sites. Rebuilding the entire site will take time. Hence, pages wearing both the old and the new design will appear simultaneously. More
about the subject:Helsinki's new brand
identityNew queryGive feedback
"Helsinki is the best City in the world for digital transport services and the best in Europe when it comes to smart city tourism.A smart city means a city in which digital services make life fluent and climate-friendly. Smart cities are compared globally in different kinds of rankings, in which Helsinki has managed to reach the top spots in 2018.1.Best in smart tourism. Helsinki and Lyon claimed the first place in the European Capital of Smart Tourism Competition, which evaluated the cities in terms of accessibility, sustainable development of tourism, utilisation of digitalisation in tourist services, cultural heritage and innovation in the tourism offerings.2.Best digital mobility services. Helsinki won the first place as the world's best city for services categorised as Mobility-as-a-Service (MaaS). Digital services like Whim reduce private motoring and offer a flexible means of transport to the city residents. Helsinki is strongly promoting these goals, which is why it was ranked number one in Juniper Research's study.3.Best place for foreign investments. In Financial Times' comparison Helsinki-Uusimaa was the best place for foreign investments among medium-sized areas in Europe. Helsinki attracted special attention with the pilot project and test platform opportunities provided by the smart neighbourhood of Kalasatama. 4.Second best city for startups. Helsinki was ranked as the second best city for startups in Valuer's study. The evaluation highlighted Helsinki's smart city development, the business opportunities created by it and the co-operation network.5.The fifth best in smart city government. Helsinki was ranked fifth in the global Smart City Governments Top 50. The report gives praise to the model area of climate and smart city development in Kalasatama and to the community, thanks to which a third of the residents in the area participate in the development of the area.6.The best smart neighbourhood Kalasatama. The smart neighbourhood of Kalasatama in Helsinki won the first prize in the building automation category of the international KNX Award contest.7.The most locally connected startup ecosystem in the world. Startup Genome awarded Helsinki as the most locally connected ecosystem in April. The likes of Silicon Valley and London can be found further down the ranking. Helsinki's new strengths were, among others, AI and robotics.8.Number one in social cohesion of smart cities. In IESE Business School's Cities in Motion Index Helsinki kept its top spot in the section measuring social cohesion.""Helsinki's vision is to be the most functional city in the world. The success in many comparisons shows that we are going in the right direction. The utilisation of digitalisation is a significant success factor for Helsinki. It brings better services to the city residents, supports the climate goals and creates new business opportunities for the companies"", says Mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori.Helsinki's smart city success is based on the city's intense co-operation with the companies, the science community and the residents. Here, for example, the city's innovation company Forum Virium Helsinki, Helsinki Marketing, the Smart & Clean foundation, the Helsinki-Uusimaa Regional Council and Helsinki Business Hub have played an important part. Forum Virium with its innovation partners has made pioneering efforts, for example, in opening city data, the joint development of Smart Kalasatama and the smart traffic pilot projects.""Open data, innovation and developing new services by testing are key factors to Helsinki's success. Thanks to these things, Helsinki is a desired co-operation partner in many joint projects in entire Europe"", says City of Helsinki innovation company Forum Virium Helsinki's CEO Mika Malin.Further informationForum Virium"
Equality, high-class education and clean environment are attracting increasing numbers of international experts to Finland. When experts move here for work, they also bring their spouses and families. Their minds are full of questions: where will my spouse find work? How do we arrange schooling for our children? Where can we study Finnish?The InfoFinland online service answers these questions and many more. The website explains in 12 languages how the most efficient country in the world works.Many read InfoFinland outside Finnish borders even before they move to Finland. Reliable information in ones own language is vitally important for integration, says Editor-in-Chief Eija Kyllnen-Saarnio from the City of Helsinki.InfoFinland is a unique service on a global scale. Although other countries do provide information for immigrants, the range of languages offered by InfoFinland is truly exceptional. The InfoFinland languages are spoken all over the globe from Silicon Valley to Beijing.InfoFinland also has a sister site, Finnishcourses.fi, for finding Finnish language courses in Helsinki, Tampere and Turku.The extensive multilingual information provided by InfoFinland can also be utilised in other services. In December, the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Employment will publish a Welcome to Finland guide with contents sourced from InfoFinland. The guide will be distributed by Local Registry Offices, the Finnish Immigration Service and Finnish embassies abroad.The InfoFinland website has been built in cooperation with public authorities and municipalities since 2003. The website is published by the City of Helsinki. The service was previously known by the name Infopankki. The new name describes more clearly the purpose of the service: to provide information about Finland.The languages of the service are Finnish, Swedish, English, Russian, Estonian, French, Somali, Spanish, Turkish, Chinese, Persian and Arabic.You can find the InfoFinland website at the address infofinland.fi.
Helsinki is packed in December with Christmas markets and school bazaars, where you can find great gift ideas  especially Finnish design and handicrafts. The biggest event is the Helsinki Christmas Market in Senate Square, where you can buy handicrafts, drink mulled wine and ride on the carousels. In the centre of the square is the citys official Christmas tree in all its glory. The main Christmas street in Helsinki is Aleksanterinkatu, where the Christmas lightswere turned on at the end of November. There is also a parade down the street where the guest of honour is none other than Santa Claus. The next parade takes place on Lucia Day, 13 December, with a procession for the newly crowned Lucia.Company Christmas parties are held throughout the month, especially at the beginning of December. The recreational island of Seurasaari has a fun and free-of-charge Christmas Path for families with children, and carol concerts are held at Helsinkis churches from the end of November all the way through Christmas.Christmas Eve in Finland is a quiet celebration that is usually spent among family. The traditions include lighting candles at cemeteries and attending a church service before settling down for a huge feast and opening the presents. If you are visiting Helsinki, many restaurants these days remain open on Christmas Eve. The streets of the city come back to life on Boxing Day, when many restaurants host traditional dances and the cinemas are packed.Read more:Services
  The Uunisaari island at the Kaivopuisto park can again be reached conveniently by a pontoon bridge. A maritime walking tour on Uunisaari can be extended to the adjacent island of Liuskasaari, as the islands are connected by a breakwater that can be walked on. The pontoon bridge will be in place until 15 April.Sporty and other visitors to Uunisaari are served by a cozy restaurant on the island, which keeps doors open almost daily all year round.Uunisaari is an island for everybody, which is clear to us as the islands restaurant keepers. Love for this island often unites people on both sides of the service counter. We also serve completely new visitors, as the island is easy to reach in just minutes both in summer and in winter, says
  Nelly Krkkinen, Uunisaaris restaurateur entrepreneur.Visitors to Uunisaari are served by two saunas heated with natural gas. The saunas can be rented for private use. The larger one of the saunas can accommodate 20 bathers and the smaller one 10 bathers. The saunas also serve as public saunas.The winter season on Uunisaari is enriched by an ice swimming site. Visitors who prefer warmer water can rent an outdoor hot tub with a view to the Kaivopuisto shoreline.Uunisaari and its services offer a delightful and well-functioning setting for various events throughout the year.The Vernissa Hall of our restaurant can be used at all times of the year to hold weddings and other events for up to 120 people. Our cabinet accommodates up to 45 people, and our scenic wing can accommodate events for up to 60 people, Krkkinen says.
The restaurant is open every day: 716 Monday to Friday, and 1016 Saturday and Sunday. The restaurant has added a winter patio that serves as weather allows on weekends and during events such as the Christmas bazaar. Guests to Christmas dinner, served 1021 December, could start with a hot drink on the patio.
  The traditional Uunisaari Christmas bazaar, full of festive atmosphere, is held on Saturday and Sunday, 12 December, from 1016. The Vernissa Hall is filled with craftspeople and their craft, including handicraft, jewelry, art and freshly baked bread. On Sunday, the sauna is warm, and the sea is cold for ice swimmers.The Uunisaari restaurants Christmas offers a maritime, festive atmosphere for families and for both corporate and other Christmas parties. The menu includes vegan options. The Christmas buffet is served at the Vernissa Hall on 1021 December, 1722 Monday to Saturday and 1215 Sunday. Reservations: by email at myynti@uunisaari.fi or by phone at +358 (0)9 636 870 (916 weekdays).Uunisaari is an island for wellbeing, and this winter sees a new service on the island: weekday mornings are started with a wellbeing programme offered 710 a.m. Monday to Friday. The wellbeing morning starts with sauna, after which guests can move on to breakfast or, if arriving later, to a soup lunch. Hours:For all body types. Starting in the new year.Read more:Services
at UunisaariUunisaari
as island destinationUunisaari on Service Map(Illustration: Pilvi Meriluoto)
  One out of seven residents of Helsinki is of foreign origin. At the start of 2018, 99,908 Helsinki city dwellers were people with foreign background, according to figures provided by the City Executive Office. The number constitutes 15.5 per cent of the total city population. A resident with foreign background is defined as a person whose both parents were born abroad. Out of all residents with foreign background, 18 per cent were born in Finland. Thus, they belonged to the second generation of the population with foreign background. The City Executive Office upholds the Population with foreign background (ulkomaalaistaustaisethelsingissa.fi) website, where the statistics can be found.The number of foreign-background residents of Helsinki grew by 5,020 people, i.e. by 5.3 per cent, in 2017. The growth pace, as measured in percentage points, has been declining in the last five years. Yet, about two-thirds of the city's population growth emanates from the population of foreign origin. At the turn of 2018, almost half of the foreign-origin inhabitants in the whole of Finland lived in the Capital region, whereas the region represents one-fifth of the country's total population.In the beginning of 2018, Helsinki's foreign-background population's most common countries of origin were the former Soviet Union, excluding Estonia, 17,836 people, Estonia 12,792, Somalia 10,203, Iraq 5,335, and China 3,310 people. In 2017, the largest growth was registered among Helsinki residents of Asian origin. An increasing number of people with a
foreign native language move to Helsinki from other parts of FinlandIn year 2017, Helsinki had a net immigration of residents with a foreign mother tongue, in sum 4,341 people. The net immigration of people with a foreign mother tongue grew compared with the previous year, as Helsinki was the recipient of a significant increase of foreign-language residents moving from other parts of the country. The total net immigration of foreign-language people from the rest of Finland added up to 1,654 people, which is twice as many as in the previous year. However, the net immigration of foreign-language residents from abroad decreased to 2,687 people. A person is defined as speaking a native language of foreign origin, if the language registered in the Population Information System is some other than Finnish, Swedish or Sami.In the year 2017, the largest language groups within Helsinki's net immigration of foreign-language residents were Arabic speakers (1,015 people), Somali speakers (534 people), Persian speakers (311 people) and Russian speakers (287 people). The net immigration of Arabic and Persian speakers grew compared with the previous year. Helsinki is the recipient of net immigration from most language groups. With the exception of Estonian, the net emigration by language group is very small. The net emigration of Estonian speakers from Helsinki amounted to 261 people in 2017. As late as ten years ago, there was a net immigration of Estonian speakers of about 500 people a year.More children in foreign-language
families compared with indigenous-language familiesFamilies where a foreign language is spoken as mother tongue tend to have more children than what is the case where an indigenous language is spoken as native language. The average number of children in Helsinki families with children amounted to 1.67 at the beginning of 2018. In families where both parents speak an indigenous language as their mother tongue, the average number of children was 1.70, whereas it was 2.09 in families where both parents were foreign-language speakers. As for one-parent families, the number of children was smaller than in other families. There were also more families with small children as well as large families within the population of foreign-language families. In bilingual families where one of the parents was an indigenous-language speaker, English was by far the most common mother tongue of the foreign-language parent in case of a father, and Russian in case of a mother.Publication:The website Population with foreign background in Helsinki (https://ulkomaalaistaustaisethelsingissa.fi/en)
Further information:Researcher Jenni Erjansola, phone 09 310 36365, e-mail: jenni.erjansola@hel.fi 
The Breaking Waves 2018 conference will take place in Helsinki on 3-4 December. The event aims to secure the competitiveness of the European Maritime Cluster in the global markets also in the future. Breaking Waves 2018 is part of the worlds leading startup event Slush.Breaking Waves 2018 is a new conference that is being held for the first time this year and is aimed at international maritime professionals, from shipbuilders and technology suppliers to shipowners, ports and decision-makers. The ultimate goal is to make shipping more responsible and cost effective, as well as to improve safety and process efficiency.The two-day conference comprises a Think Tank forum for invited guests on Monday 3 December and a seminar on Tuesday 4 December. During the Think Tank forum, leading industry representatives will formulate a joint statement on the future challenges and targets of the European Maritime Cluster. The forum will include representatives of ports and shipowners, decision-makers from the European Commission, and representatives of pioneering companies such as Wrtsil, ABB and Rolls Royce.The challenges and targets identified by the Think Tank will be presented at the seminar, which will also seek solutions through startup accelerators and various case studies. Key figures within the maritime industry, among them Wrtsil President & CEO Jaakko Eskola, Magda Kopczynska of DG Move, Karin Orsel from MF Shipping and Hamburg Port Authority CEO Jens Meier, will discuss the development and competitiveness of the European Maritime Cluster as part of the panel discussion.The international maritime industry and shipping are experiencing a period of profound change. Stricter environmental legislation, new service chains, automation and digitalisation are transforming shipping in an unprecedented way. These changes demand closer collaboration within Europe to ensure the regions competitiveness also in the future.Finnish expertise is setting an example in the maritime industry: the Port of Helsinki is the busiest passenger port in Europe, and the Finnish maritime cluster is an internationally recognised leader in maritime technology. As the nations capital, Helsinki is playing a key role in bringing together key actors in the maritime industry, providing an important opportunity also for local actors.Finnish companies are enthusiastically participating in Breaking Waves and the joint development of the European Maritime Cluster on the whole. The conference is being made possible by partners representing a wide range of Finnish expertise. Wrtsil sees it as a unique opportunity to develop the global maritime industry and present Finnish know-how to international experts.Read more
Breaking Waves
Breaking Waves
Fishing licenses issued by the City of Helsinki will be sold exclusively online at http://kalakortti.com/ starting from the beginning of 2019. By the end of 2018, licenses will no longer be available at dedicated service points (Pitkkoski hiking lodge and caf, Puhos Intersport, Vuosaaren pyrhuolto, Ruoto and Schrder) or Sports Services main cash desk. During the transition period, licenses will also be sold at the Meri-info information point at Viikintie 1 in addition to online.Please note that receiving the trap labels for fixed fish traps takes a few days as they are posted to customers.Further informationMeri-info information pointTel. 09 3108 7777
If the pavements are slippery during the festive season, it is reflected in a peak in pedestrians falling accidents and people hurting themselves. In the beginning of winter, pedestrians have forgotten to adapt their gait to slippery conditions, which is why the Pysy pystyss anti-slipping campaign raises awareness among citizens. The festive season has started, and it can be seen in the number of slipping accidents. Slippery conditions alone will increase the risk of falling down, but the festive season with all the pre-Christmas parties combined with slippery conditions make for a highly elevated risk. The festive season means more parties, which in turn increases the risk of falling over due to alcohol consumption. On the weekends, more than half of the patients that suffer from fractures of the ankle or leg have been under the influence of alcohol at the time of being injured, says Lauri Handolin, head of department at Tl Hospital.You should be aware of possibly slippery conditions and choose appropriate footwear before you go out. Once on the move, it is crucial to focus on your walking. You also shouldnt be looking at your phone while walking, because not paying attention increases the risk of slipping. Focus on walking.
The Pysy pystyss anti-slipping campaign, to be launched in full force in January, encourages pedestrians to anticipate slippery conditions well in advance.The thermometer alone will not tell you whether it is slippery outside or not. People can now report their observations of slippery conditions using the Weather application created by the Finnish Meteorological Institute. We are particularly looking for information on situations where large street areas are very slippery, making it difficult to walk normally. The observations are monitored by our Weather and Safety Center, says senior meteorologist Sari Hartonen at the Finnish Meteorological Institute.Read more:The Pysy pystyss anti-slipping campaign (in Finnish)Finnish Road Safety Council
NYCx Cyber Moonshot challenge aims to advance affordable, effective, and easy-to-use cybersecurity protections for small businesses. Finalists will receive an award up to $20,000 to test their proposal in New York City and structured support to deliver the solution into international markets. Winning proposals can receive up to $80,000 with chance for $1M investment from Jerusalem Venture Partners. In addition to Helsinki, international partners of the challenge include Japan, South Korea, Singapore, London, Paris, Berlin and Israel Innovation Authority.The City of Helsinki will provide the Helsinki-based finalists with support for networking and starting the entrepreneurial activities both in New York and Helsinki, entrance to the Slush 2019 and Arctic Startup events as well as work spaces free of charge. The City of Helsinki will also cover the travel and accommodation costs for the Helsinki-based finalists on the final week in New York in April.For companies interested in the competition, the City of Helsinki arranges an event in collaboration with Industryhack on Monday 26 November at startup centerMaria 01 (Lapinlahdenkatu 16) at 13.00. At the event the City of Helsinki and Industryhack will present the upcoming NYCx Moonshot Cybersecurity Challenge and provide all interested teams with the relevant information. The Citys Chief Digital Officer Mikko Rusama will present the Challenge on behalf of City of Helsinki and Industryhack will tell about the becoming coaching day in January and the application process and requirements for that. Register for the event here.City of New York Launches Global Challenge to Protect Small Businesses from CyberattacksDetails on all of the awardsThe NYCx program website 
  The operations of Laituri Information and Exhibitions space of the City of Helsinki are to end in Kamppi on 30 November 2018. In the future, customer services related to urban environment development and construction will be available at Srnistenkatu 1. You can also explore themes related to urban environments in the Central Library Oodi.The Customer Service Point for the City of Helsinkis Urban Environment Division in Srninen is already providing assistance in many issues related to built environments. In the future, the customer service provision formerly offered at Laituri will also be provided there. The exhibitions at Laituri will be put on hold until further notice.You can drop by at Srnistenkatu 1 from 19 November 2018 onwards and learn more about city planning and projects related to parks, streets and traffic in their display phase, i.e. projects that you can still provide feedback on to the City. The same information is also available online at www.hel.fi/helsinki/en/housing/planning/current/.Individual Information and Advice on plans and the urban environment is available at our Srnistenkatu premises at 916 from Monday to Thursday and at 1015 on Friday. You can also reach the Urban Environment Divisions customer service department by calling 09 3 102 2111 and electronically at www.hel.fi/helsinki/en/administration/participate/feedback/.Starting from 5 December, you can learn more about themes related to urban environment in Helsinki at the Brygga participatory facility located in the Central Library Oodi. It is not a replacement for Laituri, but a new place for residents to visit and be informed of the opportunities for participation related to the urban environment.At Brygga, you can find information, share ideas and give feedback to the City. City employees, in turn, can come there to talk about the projects we are working on, says Head of Unit Roosa Kallio from the Participation and Customer Communications Unit of the Urban Environment Division.
Brygga is located on the balcony of the first floor of Oodi, and it is accessible every day during the opening hours of Oodi. Urban Environment Division staff will be present 1418 Monday to Friday. The more traditional City information and advice service will be provided at Helsinki-info, which is located on the first floor of Oodi.Laituri will be open regularly at its familiar address of Narinkka 2 until closing (MonWed 1016, Thu 1019 and FriSat 1216). The final exhibitions allow you to explore new architectural sites in Copenhagen and the award-winning works from the planning and realisation competition for the Pasila Tower Area.New premises are currently being built for the use of the Urban Environment Division near Kalasatama metro station, and they will be completed in the summer of 2020. Once finished, the new building will offer excellent opportunities for organising various exhibitions and public events.Further information:Urban
Environment Division Customer Service Points The Central Library Oodi website Further information on the operations of Laituri Further information on Helsinki-info to be opened in OodiCustomer services at Srnistenkatu 1 
Helen is investigating the possibility of building a bioenergy heating plant in the Patola district of Helsinki on a heating plant site used by Helen. The heating plant planned for Patola will require a revision of the town plan to enable construction of a second plant at the current site. Presentation and public meeting on the revision of town plan for local residentsat 5.308pm on Tuesday, 20 November 2018 at Oulunkyl Coeducational School, address Siltavoudintie 24.Helen is preparing to discontinue the use of coal use by 2029 in accordance with the Governments policy. Biomass is the fastest way to replace coal. The plant planned in Patola is a 120-MW bio heating plant using pellets as the main fuel. The planned heating plant would be located on a site used by Helen, next to an existing oil/natural gas-fired heating plant. The residents meeting is open to all and no separate booking or notice is necessary.The participation and assessment scheme and material on the preparation of the plan (illustrative drawings and completed reports) will be displayed at the following locations on 19 November  10 December:- Oulunkyl Library, Kylnvanhimmantie 27- online at: https://www.hel.fi/helsinki/en/housing/planning/current/ Further information about the Patola plans is available online at: helen.fi/patola. Read more:Helen
  An increasing number of City of Helsinki employees will in the future be working hand in hand with an artificial intelligence, AI for short. The City organizes training for employees entitled Artificial
Intelligence and Us. The training involves practical experiments that help the trainees to gain understanding of the ways in which AI and machine learning will be changing the Citys customer service operations and the management of those operations.For example, the flow of feedback to the City, which amounts to tens of thousands of messages per year, will be sorted by an AI, rather than by a person, as soon as in two years time, according to current projections.Some of the training programmes projects were launched during the first AI course organized by the City in the spring of 2018. The most advanced AI application developed for the City is a parking chatbot, which has been in pilot use on the City website hel.fi since September 2018.Although the parking chatbot on the City website is already working, it still needs a couple of hours of teaching per week. City parking experts go through questions that the AI has failed to answer and teach it to become better in customer service. The AI improves week by week.Video (with soundtrack in Finnish): Kalle Mikkolainen
presents the resident parking chatbot.Its not the idea that people would be replaced by a robot. AI will be a tool, much like the navigator is to taxi drivers these days, says Kalle Mikkolainen making a presentation on the resident parking chatbot.
Read
more:Blog:
Artificial Intelligence and Us by Petja Partanen, in FinnishArtificial
Intelligence training, in FinnishResident
and corporate parking in Helsinki #digihelsinki
Starting 15 November, it is possible to submit proposals to the OmaStadi.hel.fi platform about how to use the funds allocated to participatory budgeting. The brainstorming and commenting of ideas continues in workshops and on the OmaStadi platform until 9 December.The City of Helsinki expands the dimensions of direct democracy by opening 4.4 million from the City budget for the city residents to decide  every year.Ask for help from a borough liaison, a library or the resident houses. Check the OmaStadi.hel.fi event calendar if the borough liaisons are arranging a workshop in your area, where people come up with ideas together. You can borrow the OmaStadi game from the city library and arrange your own brainstorming moment in your organisation or community. Ideas can be filed by everyone, regardless of age or place of residence. In the OmaStadi.hel.fi material bank you can find a participatory budgeting game, an instructions video and other material, which you can use to arrange an OmaStadi event in your area and get to know the activities better.The City residents combine proposals to appropriate matching entities together with city employees and craft plans out of them during JanuaryApril. After this, the City makes a cost estimate for these jointly crafted plans, which then proceed to the voting. The plans can be followed and commented on the OmaStadi.hel.fi service. When the plans have been completed, Helsinki residents aged 12 or older can vote on them.The City implements the plans which receive the most votes in the voting. The makers of the proposals and other city residents are invited to join the implementation phase.OmaStadi.hel.fi (Participatory budgeting)Brainstorm.Participate.Get inspired. Video with instructions(in Finnish)How do I play the OmaStadi game? Video (in Finnish)Borough Liaisons
  Helsinki and the Finnish city of Joensuu have been awarded for promoting accessibility. Awards to the cities were presented on Thursday, 15 November 2018, at a gala seminar celebrating the 80th anniversary of The Finnish Association of People with Physical Disabilities.The City of Helsinki was presented with an honorable mention for expanding the accessibility feature of the Helsinki Metropolitan Service Map into a national service. The City of Joensuu was presented with a Good Accessibility Act award for improving accessibility in the recreational island of Ilosaari.The Helsinki Metropolitan Service Map is an online service that helps users to search for and locate services provided by the metropolitan cities. The map includes municipal services including schools, day care centres and public health stations, but it also includes private services provided by enterprises.Users can set their preferences including accessibility in their profile on the Service Map. When they specify if they move with a stroller, a walker or a wheelchair, or if they are visually impaired or use a hearing aid, they are shown any known accessibility information about a chosen route or location. Chosen routes are provided with instructions in writing.The goal of the honorable mention given to Helsinki is to encourage the City to continue the development work and to commit other municipalities to add to and maintain the Service Maps information.Petri Pohjonen, Director General of The Finnish Association of People with Physical Disabilities, and Espoo Mayor Jukka Mkel challenged Finnish cities last spring to make proposals for good accessibility acts. The challenge was accepted by 12 cities, which together made a total of 26 proposals.Read
more:Helsinki Metropolitan Service MapThe
Finnish Association of People with Physical Disabilities
Helen is investigating the possibility of constructing a bioenergy heating plant in Tattarisuo, Helsinki. The Uusimaa Centre for Economic Development, Transport and the Environment (ELY) is organising a public open evening to disseminate the results of the environmental impact assessment on Tuesday 27 Novemberat Puistola Comprehensive School (Koudantie 2) at 17.00 - 20.00.Helen is preparing to discontinue the use of coal by 2029, in accordance with Government policy. The quickest way to replace coal is biomass. Throughout 2018, the planned Tattarisuo bioenergy heating plant has been the subject of a statutory Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA), estimating the effects of a bioenergy heating plant on the environment and people. The EIA report on the assessment results has been completed.The EIA report is available to view 16 November 2018  11 January 2019 at the following locations:Malmi Library, Puistola Library and online at www.ymparisto.fi/tattarisuonlampokeskusYVAComments and statements on the EIA report may be submitted in writing to the Uusimaa Centre for Economic Development, Transport and the Environment (ELY) by 11 January 2019.Read more: Helen
One of the largest solar power plants in Helsinki will be built on the roof of the Messukeskus Expo and Convention Centre, with its panels to be harnessed as Helens rentable designated panels.Messukeskus is increasing the share of renewable energy and reducing its energy consumption by lining the roofs of its property with more than 2,000 solar panels, which will generate about 592 MWh of energy per year. Solar energy will be produced in partnership with Helen.The solar panels will be installed on the Messukeskus roof during summer 2019. At the same time, the cooling need and that way energy consumption will fall as the solar panels have a shading impact. The objective is to install more solar panels at a later date.Increasing the share of renewable energy and reducing energy consumption are part of the climate targets of Messukeskus and its awarded environmental work over a number of years. Messukeskus is building a climate-neutral Helsinki in the Climate Partners network in cooperation with the City of Helsinki.As todays actors, we are right now making decisions that will build the future for the next generations. The only alternative for us is to take care of the climate and make our own contribution. In addition to reducing energy consumption and increasing the share of renewable energy, we have reached a 99-per-cent waste recovery rate, says Maria Mroue, Director, Marketing and Communications, who has signed the climate commitment on behalf of Messukeskus.We are glad to be able to continue Helens popular designated panel concept in the property of Messukeskus. Helen is now redeeming its promise to build more solar power plants as the demand for designated panels continues to be strong. A climate-neutral future is made together with the customers, says Director Marko Riipinen of Helen.Read more:One of the largest solar power plants in Helsinki will be built on the roof of the Messukeskus Expo and Convention CentreMessukeskus Expo and Convention Centre
Helsinki Art Museum, HAM, is proud to present the first-ever solo exhibition in the Nordic region of Polish artist Pawe Althamer (b. 1967) in spring 2019. The audience will come face to face with the artist in startling self-portraits, collectively created sculptures and video documentation. The year 2019 will mark the passage of 150 years from the birth of Ellen Thesleff. Ellen Thesleff (18691954) was a radical with a boyish haircut who did what she wanted and lived for her art. The exhibition at HAM will highlight Thesleffs trailblazing and evolving art alongside texts, photographs and archive materials about her life. The year will also feature displays based on the museums collections on themes such as old age and gender roles. HAM Gallery will continue to present topical contemporary art.The exhibition by Polish artist Pawe Althamer will showcase his diverse and often surprising output from more than three decades. HAM will also produce a new kind of work by Althamer that is based on workshop participation. The important thing for Althamer is not the end-result but a sense of playfulness shared with the audience.The show will present a comprehensive survey of Althamers output: sculptures, installations, community art documentation and miniature worlds. The works in the show also include a playground slide that the artist originally made with children for a church in Germany. At HAM the audience will be free to try the slide for themselves. Mood will open a completely new perspective on wartime Helsinki. The exhibition will showcase the pessimism and optimism of those years as they were reflected in art, but also the visual world made necessary by the exigencies of war.Artist Jaakko Niemel (b. 1959) has prepared a research project on memories of sea captain Erkki Niemel. The artist has travelled in his fathers footsteps on ocean-going ships and explored the places he visited, documenting his journeys by drawing, writing, taking photographs and video. The number of aged people is growing in the West. The exhibition shines a light on this aspect of ageing that is so often ignored: the part that hurts, often quite literally, which one feels in ones joints and bones, even in ones soul. Ellen Thesleff (18691954) was one of the first symbolists and expressionists in Finland, and one of the most prominent artists in the Nordic region. Thesleff lived a rich and fascinating life. She was a pioneer in an age when female artists were almost always ignored. The HAM collection contains key works from Thesleffs oeuvre, which are complemented with major pieces from private and public collections.Genderfuck 1900 will update the recent heated discourse on gender, male and female roles and their construction. The show presents a bewildering assortment of visual material from the past one hundred years, including postcards, studio portraits and snapshots. The HAM Gallery showcases Finnish art and rising artists. All HAM Gallery exhibitions are always free of charge.Exhibitions at HAM gallery in 2019: Riikka Kernen, Antti Turkko, Otto Bystrm, Anssi Pulkkinen, Jenni Toikka, Arja Krkkinen ja Lasse Juuti.Read more: Helsinki Art Museum, HAM
The second annual Light
Challenge has already attracted dozens of local actors to participate alongside
real estate company SATO. The Light Challenge is part of the Lux Helsinki light
festival, which takes place on 5-9 January 2019.The Lux Helsinki light festival once again challenges local residents, communities and businesses to light up the darkest time of the year together. Everyone is welcome to take part in the Light Challenge by sharing photos of their own light installations on Instagram using the #valohaaste hashtag.The Light Challenge aims to share the power of light in a communal way in the heart of winter. Participants can create their light installations by themselves, but above all the Light Challenge encourages people to work together as a community, for example among families, classmates and neighbours. Further information about the Light Challenge is available on the Lux
Helsinki website.Lux Helsinki partner SATO is kicking off the challenge for the second year in a row. SATOs apartment buildings will display numerous light installations at the start of the year. Those that have already accepted the challenge include residents of the SATO Senior Citizen Home in Puotila, Helsinki, and the StudioHome communal apartment building in Martinlaakso, Vantaa. At the same time, SATO invites all its other residents too to work together to create light installations for their apartment buildings.
Last years Light Challenge brought residents together for the first time to create their own light art. We hope that it helped bring neighbours together and that they now chat together more on their staircases. The light installations also inspired others  when we displayed our own light art in the windows of our head office last year, the office building across the street responded by creating their own light installation! says Sanna Marttinen, Head of Marketing at SATO.The Light Challenge continues after the main Lux Helsinki light festival and extends until mid-January, when SATO will award the three best photos of light installations with gift certificates.Having attracted 400 participants last year, the second annual Light Challenge has already attracted numerous companies and communities alongside SATO. Amnesty International Finland is using light art in its windows to highlight human rights, and both the Annantalo Arts Centre and Restaurant
Tlnranta are illuminating trees in their courtyards. In addition,
  Fazer is displaying a series of light installations on the water tower at its factory in Vantaa, and more brilliant light art can be seen in the windows of the Tyttjen talo house for girls, UFF on Fredrikinkatu, and Vepslinen Habitat
Citycenter.The Kustaankartano Comprehensive
Service Centre is participating for the second year in a row with its own Light Weeks, as is Paulig
Kulma with its Big Sky natural light effects. In addition, a major light installation is being created in the courtyard at the Culinary and Urban Culture Centre Teurastamo. The Helsinki City Theatre will also illuminate its faade, while the National Museum of Finland will light up the park in front of the building. The Sky Room rooftop bar at the Clarion
Hotel Helsinki will be lit up in pink on 23 November and 21 December and again from 30 December to 9 January.The Otaniemi campus of Aalto University also features an interactive light installation consisting of colourful LED lights and springs created by renowned game developer Robin Baumgarten. Developed together with Aalto University and the University of Turku, Quantum Garden solves quantum physics problems when played during 16 November and 14 December.The Lux Helsinki light festival is organised by the City of Helsinki and
produced by Sari Vnnen. Sun Effects Oy is responsible for the design
and production of the Lux Helsinki route and installations. The festival is
curated by Ilkka PaloniemijaMatti Jykyl.Lux Helsinki
websiteSocial media:FacebookTwitterInstagram#luxhelsinki #valohaaste
  Substance abuse and intoxicated, disturbing behaviour at public places and on public transport cause feelings of unsafety, according to safety surveys. The proposed solution is increased security measures.
Security measures increase safety, but perceived safety is also created by a notion that we can trust our co-passengers. Dont leave your co-passenger alone, if you notice that your help is needed, says Inari Viskari, a specialist at EHYT Finnish Association for Substance Abuse Prevention.A new safety campaign was launched in the Helsinki region public transport system on 12 November 2018. The goal of the campaign (entitled Kaikkien kaupunki, city for all) is to increase perceived safety and overall comfort both when using public transport services and elsewhere in public spaces.Viskari explains: Public transport passengers are part of our shared city space. The campaign asks, how do we encounter each other, and what kind of space do we create for others? The campaign includes detailed instructions on how to behave with intoxicated people on public transport.Its recommended that children travelling alone and others who may experience a situation as frightening should change places. Children should seek the company of safe adults. You dont have to stay in the same place to talk with an intoxicated person.On the other hand, its important to have the courage to act and to interfere if a person is being harassed, because we are all responsible for ensuring general safety and comfort. Lets approve the fact that people are different and work together to make journeys safe and pleasant!
The public transport authority Helsinki Region Transport HSL, which organizes the public transport services in the region, and Helsinki City Transport HKL, which operates the trams and the Metro system, have a shared goal: safe and peaceful journeys on public transport.Both HSL and HKL assert, We cant affect everything directly, as perceived safety is increased or decreased by several factors including co-passengers. We are hoping that this campaign will encourage people to pay attention to the weaker passengers and those who need any help on public transport.The campaign encourages passengers to share their experiences with public transport services. Peoples stories and memories will be compiled into a poetry reading by Helsinki Poetry Connection. The reading will be held on a Poetry Tram on 15 December. #kaikkienkaupunkiPages in Finnish
The Supreme Administrative Court has made a decision on Helsinkis city plan. Parts of the city plan were repealed. However, Helsinkis land use planning can be continued in accordance with the city plan programme. The decision does not significantly affect the programmed implementation of zoning in Helsinki in the 2020s.The Supreme Administrative Court made a decision on the Helsinki city plan on 8 November.
The presentation of the city plan was found legitimate. Helsinkis city plan is presented differently than previous city plans. The city plan map is divided into 100x100-metre squares, each marked with a primary purpose. The decision concerning the city plan made by the Helsinki Administrative Court in February remained in force for the most part. Certain parts of the city plan were repealed. For the other aspects, the city plan is now legally valid. For the repealed parts, the city plan of 2002 remains in force.Effects
of the decision on further planningHelsinkis new city plan is the starting point of detailed planning and traffic planning in Helsinki. The strategic objectives of the new city plan are aimed for throughout the entire city area.Helsinkis land use planning can be continued in accordance with the city plan programme, so planning is continued along the Raide-Jokeri route, Vihdintie boulevard and Tuusulanvyl boulevard, among others. The decision does not significantly affect the programmed implementation of zoning in Helsinki in the 2020s.The new city plan also comes into force in the area of the Malmi Airport, and planning can be continued based on it. In the area of Tuomarinkyl Manor, the tram connection and service centre can be implemented, and the zoning along Tuusulanvyl can be made denser for housing construction. However, construction cannot be extended to areas with nationally significant built cultural environments.The Supreme Administrative Court repealed the markings in the city plan regarding the city boulevards of Lnsivyl, Turunvyl, Hmeenlinnanvyl and Lahdenvyl. The Viikki-Malmi light rail can be implemented based on the 2002 city plan, even though the Lahdenvyl city boulevard marking was repealed.For Vartiosaari, the markings in the city plan were repealed. In the 2002 city plan, Vartiosaari was marked as a survey area, the land use of which will be solved in a city plan or a partial city plan. The objectives of the further planning of Vartiosaari will be reviewed at a later date.Further
reading (in Finnish):Helsinkis
city plan materialsDecision of
the Supreme Administrative Court
  Deputy Mayor Nasima Razmyar takes part in the annual main event of the World Cities Culture Forum network in San Francisco. The network brings the leading cultural cities of the world together. The Deputy Mayor will speak at the opening seminar on Wednesday, 14 November. The membership in the World Cities Culture Forum enhances Helsinki's position as an international city of culture. The network offers an excellent opportunity to strengthen the relations to other major cities with a positive attitude towards culture. I'm delighted to be able in San Francisco to speak to representatives of the other cities about for instance our new central library Oodi, says Deputy Mayor Nasima Razmyar.The World Cities Culture Forum publishes a yearly research report, with 70 different cultural indicators comparing the member cities. At the moment more than 30 cities from all over the world belong to the network. The other Nordic member cities are Stockholm and Oslo. As a member of the WCCF network Helsinki obtains reliable comparison data on the situation of art and culture in relation to other cities of the world. Through the network, Helsinki can market the city's own artistic and cultural know-how and find new solutions in view of supporting art and culture.This year, the World Cities Culture Summit concentrates on the relationship between culture and technology. The event brings together cultural leaders from the member cities. Besides Deputy Mayor Razmyar, Helsinki is represented by Cultural Director Tuula Haavisto. More
information on the network and the event: World Cities Culture Forum San Francisco Summit Programme 2018
According to
the latest Global Destination Sustainability Index, Helsinki now ranks fifth among
congress cities. In other convention news, registrations for the Nordic Social
Work Conference in Helsinki later this month have exceeded expectations.Helsinki has once again earned international recognition as a destination for congresses and meetings. The Global Destination Sustainability (GDS) Leadership Awards were presented at the 57th International Congress and Convention Association (ICCA) Congress in Dubai on 14 November. This years winner was Gothenburg, while Helsinki shared 5th place with Uppsala. Last year, Helsinki was ranked in 6th position.
The GDS Index ranks congress destinations according to their social and environmental sustainability strategies, policies and performance on an annual basis. In addition, the index measures the commitment of service providers and the activities of convention bureaus from the perspective of sustainability. The purpose is to promote awareness of sustainable solutions among congress actors. We are happy that Helsinki has once again performed so well in the GDS Index. The issues of sustainability and responsibility are very important to us, and we continuously seek even more sustainable solutions together with our local partners. We encourage international congresses to focus on responsibility, for example by sharing their know-how with the local community or supporting related research in the host city, says Ines Antti-Poika, Convention Director at Helsinki Marketing.Helsinki also wants to stand out more widely as a pioneer in implementing sustainable solutions and global responsibility on the local level. For example, the City of Helsinkis urban strategy draws clearly on the UN Sustainable Development Goals.Last May, New York became the first city to report to the UN on its sustainable development goals on the city level. Helsinki now wants to become the second city in the world to participate in this reporting. Committing to sustainable development reporting would enable an international comparison that would provide valuable information about the citys development, Antti-Poika continues.On 21-23 November, the University of Helsinki is hosting the Nordic Social Work Conference, which will be attended by a higher than anticipated number of professional social workers and researchers. The conference has attracted widespread international interest, with over 260 registered delegates from almost 20 countries around the world. The themes of responsibility and sustainability are also addressed by the congresses hosted by the University of Helsinki, such as in terms of material procurements. For example, local suppliers are favoured for congress arrangements and materials. The university also encourages the congresses it hosts to leave behind a legacy that can be utilised for local research work in Helsinki.The high number of registered delegates proves that Helsinki is an attractive and functional congress city. Hosting the Nordic Social Work Conference in Helsinki enables Finnish professionals to engage with their international colleagues. The contents of the conference will no doubt inspire many fruitful discussions and exchanges of ideas. In terms of responsibility, the Nordic Social Work Conference is also exemplary, as locals are welcome to participate in the event, says Jenny
Hgstrm, Conference Secretary from the University of Helsinki.
  The City of Helsinki has surveyed the views of Helsinki residents about the current conditions for walking in the city centre and targets for development. An open survey was conducted with the help of an online interactive map in the summer of 2018. Feedback was provided by 1,600 respondents, who posted more than 8,700 comments on the map.According to the survey, journeys are made on foot for purposes of work, studies and errands largely in the Helsinki city centre: in the vicinity of the Central Railway Station and, from there, to the direction of Kamppi and Hakaniemi as well as to Mannerheimintie and Aleksanterinkatu. Respondents cited the speed of reaching their destinations, good flow of movement, practicality and ease of movement as their reasons to choose to walk when moving on these routes.Recreational pedestrian routes, used for reasons of spending time outdoors, fitness and relaxation, can largely be found at the seaside, in the Tlnlahti area and on the Esplanades. Respondents chose their recreational routes mainly on the basis of the appeal of the environment, such as the greenness of the area and attractive buildings.Close to 900 of the comments were proposals for improvements in routes and route sections. Most of the proposals were for the Railway Station entrance area and Kaivokatu Kaisaniemenkatu and the Pitksilta bridge the southern section of Mannerheimintie Aleksanterinkatu the vicinity of the Market Square and Iso Roobertinkatu. Most of the proposals were related to reductions in car volumes and improvements in traffic safety, for example, when crossing streets. Respondents also proposed new trees and bushes to increase the appeal of neighbourhoods.Respondents could also mark on the map their proposals for completely new pedestrian routes and pedestrian streets. Proposed new pedestrian connections included a connection over the railway yard and one between Kaisaniemi and Siltasaari. Proposed new pedestrian streets included the southern section of Mannerheimintie, Pohjoisesplanadi and Kaivokatu.The survey also produced hundreds of comments on city centre development projects, which are either in the planning stage or under construction, as well as on completed city centre projects.The information gathered with the survey has been utilized in investigations on a potential marked expansion of the pedestrian city centre and on the requirements for an underground feeder street. In the future, the information will be utilized in the preparation of the Helsinki walking promotion programme and in other connections.
  Mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori speaks today on 12 November 2018 at the prestigious GovTech Summit in Paris. A part of the Paris Digital Week, the event is the world's leading forum that brings together technology and the public sector. It is organised by PUBLIC, which specialises in public sector technology innovations and the financing of such.The speakers at the one-day summit include Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau, OECD Secretary-General Angel Gurra, Mayor of Paris Anne Hidalgo, Mayor of London Sadiq Khan and more than 90 other international speakers. The themes of the summit deal with the opportunities provided by new technologies when it comes to improving public services and democracy. The other speaker from Finland at the Summit, in addition to Mayor Jan Vapaavuori, is City of Helsinki's Chief Digital Officer Mikko Rusama.Mayor Vapaavuori participates in the panel led by City of London CDO Theo Blackwell about the future of smart cities and the application of new technologies to enhance the development of cities, along with Deputy Mayor of Paris Jean-Louis Missika, Chairman of Groupe La Poste Philippe Wahl and CEO and Founder of UK big data company Mastodon CFrancine
Bennett. New technologies are in many ways a key to sustainable city development and, thus, also to the state of democracy. In this respect, Helsinki is among the forerunners, but we do also have a lot to learn from the world's other leading cities. An exceptionally interesting talking point at the GovTech Summit in Paris concerns the effects of technology on the state of democracy in the future  here education holds an essential role, says Mayor Vapaavuori.During his visit to Paris, Mayor Vapaavuori will also attend a lunch hosted by President Emmanuel Macron at the presidential lyse Palace.
"The winners of the first edition of the European Capital of Smart Tourism competition were awarded 7th of November at a ceremony in Brussels, on the occasion of the European Tourism Day. The title for 2019 was awarded to two cities: Helsinki and Lyon. Cities of more than 100.000 inhabitants were eligible in the first edition of this competition. 38 cities from 19 EU Member States applied, but Helsinki and Lyon stood out for their innovative tourism measures and the impressive programme of activities they have put together to celebrate their achievements. Pia Pakarinen, Helsinkis Deputy Mayor, Alain Galliano, Vice-President of Lyon Mtropole and Jean-Michel Daclin, President of Only Lyon Tourism and Congress, received European Capitals of Smart Tourism 2019 trophies on behalf of their cities and were delighted that long-term efforts in creating smart environments for tourists in their cities have been recognised at EU-level.In praise of the winners, Commissioner Elbieta Biekowska, responsible for Internal Market, Industry, Entrepreneurship and SMEs, stated: ""I congratulate Helsinki and Lyon for the outstanding solutions that they put in place to make tourism in their cities smart and innovative. Our objective at EU level is to foster the sustainable development of tourism by showcasing innovative solutions from EU cities in tourism. We believe that the European Capital of Smart Tourism initiative will help to establish a framework of exchange of good practices between European cities, including learning from each other and networking, creating opportunities for cooperation and new partnerships. Tourism is important for the EU economy so we all need to work together more effectively to be more competitive and grow in a sustainable way"".Pia Pakarinen, Helsinkis Deputy Mayor commented: We very much appreciate the opportunity to be the first European Capital of Smart Tourism. The first ones always set the bar and we aim high.In order to become a European Capital of Smart Tourism, a city needed to demonstrate exemplary achievements as a tourism destination in implementing innovative and intelligent solutions in all four award categories: accessibility, sustainability, digitalisation, cultural heritage and creativity. It also needed to convince the European Jury about its suitability to act as role model for other burgeoning smart tourism destinations. To celebrate their success, Helsinki and Lyon have planned an exciting schedule of activities for 2019. For example, Helsinki will be launching a smart city guidance pilot scheme, making use of collaborative work with businesses and digital tools to create a smarter way to guide people in the city. Helsinki will organise a workshop with other European cities on smart tourism and will hold the World Tourism Cities Federation's annual global summit and trade fair. Helsinki and Lyon have been awarded with promotional videos, exhibition at European Tourism Day and purpose-built giant sculptures which will be installed in prominent locations in the two cities. During 2019 both Capitals will benefit also from promotional actions at EU level. Take a look at the Helsinki  European Capital of Smart Tourism 2019 video!More informationThe European Capital of Smart Tourism is a new EU initiative, based on a proposal from the European Parliament, which secured its funding for 20182019 through a Preparatory Action. The initiative seeks to strengthen tourism-generated innovative development in EU cities and their surroundings, increase their attractiveness as well as strengthen economic growth and job creation. It also aims to establish a framework for the exchange of best practices between cities participating in the contest, create opportunities for cooperation and new partnerships. European Capital of Smart TourismMy Helsinki"
The Helsinki archipelago and waterfronts can be accessed from spring 2019 onwards by hiring a private boat from BOUT. The development of BOUT is supported by the Last Mile program as one of several pilot projects testing new mobility concepts in the Helsinki metropolitan area.The idea for BOUT came to us when we needed to arrange a ride to a Helsinki island. We couldnt find a convenient boat service, so we decided to develop one, says Joonas Sipari, one of the three founding partners and team of four of BOUT.BOUT is a for-profit P2P platform for on-demand boat rides. The service has been dubbed in the Finnish media as the Uber of boats.Rides can be offered by watercraft owners licensed to carry passengers on a commercial basis. The owners operate as independent entrepreneurs. The service can operate between tens of pickup and drop-off points located inside the sea areas of Helsinki and the neighboring city of Espoo. The cost of a ride depends on the size of the boat and the length of the ride, starting from a few euros for the shortest rides.BOUT was launched in October 2018 with test rides. The service is expected to be fully operational as the 2019 boating season opens in Helsinki. A free iOS version of the BOUT app is already available from the App Store (search for the bout).The new service will significantly improve access to islands and waterfronts in the Helsinki metropolitan area, which is strongly characterized by its maritime environment: the sea area has 465 islands, many of which the general public is free to roam under everymans right. Helsinki develops many islands as recreational destinations.BOUT is one of several agile pilot projects conducted in the Last Mile smart mobility program in the Helsinki metropolitan area. The pilots use the area as a testing platform to develop commercially viable, scalable mobility concepts. The main project area in Helsinki is Jtksaari, an inner-city district under development at the site of a former freight harbor for housing, business, and extensive passenger port operations. Jtksaari is an ideal mobility testbed due to the districts mixed use, high density, demanding conditions for movement, and high demand for public transit services.Urban mobility is in transition as a result of digitalization, new technologies, and legislative changes. Moreover, the values and behavior of urban citizens are changing. Helsinki plays an active role in this transition, promoting the development of new, smart mobility, says Janne Rinne, the Last Mile project manager at Forum Virium Helsinki. Last Mile gathers together local residents, businesses, and universities for co-creation of mobility solutions.In addition to BOUT, pilots in Jtksaari focus on the movement of travelers to and from port terminals, to Helsinki Airport, and in the area. A key goal is to promote the use of sustainable transportation modes, as well as to produce new services.One pilot promotes car sharing by making low-cost parking available to DriveNow customers with the help of a parking app provided by EasyPark. In summer 2018 pilots, rental e-bikes from Vapaus Bikes and the Route Pepper audio navigation app were combined for audio-navigated e-bike tours, and the NorsLine water transportation company provided new transit options.Forum Virium Helsinki is a City of Helsinki unit that develops digital services and urban innovations with partners and citizens. Forum Virium Helsinki also manages the Smart Kalasatama project, which focuses on urban living.The Last Mile program is supported by the European Regional Development Fund with 1.9 million euros in 20172019.More informationBOUTJtksaari smart mobility pilots
  The City of Helsinki strives to improve traffic safety in the city by increasing automatic traffic enforcement. The City of Helsinki Urban Environment Committee considered a proposal on 6 November for 70 new traffic enforcement cameras, or speed cameras, to be installed in the city. The goal is to install an average of 14 new speed cameras annually in 20202024. Currently automatic traffic enforcement is carried out with 4 speed cameras placed on Helsinki streets.Automatic traffic enforcement allows the authorities to monitor driving speeds and red light running. Automatic traffic enforcement can also be used to monitor the use of bus lanes, in order to improve the flow and functionality of public transport.Traffic has been enforced with the help of speed cameras on the streets of Kaivokatu and Mkelnkatu since 2008 and on Mechelininkatu and Mannerheimintie since 2012. Experiences with automatic traffic enforcement have been positive: accidents have been reduced at all sites after the installment of speed cameras.Helsinki has drafted principles for the placement of speed cameras in collaboration with the police. The principles are accompanied by a plan for the sites of 70 new cameras. The underlying principle is to locate cameras throughout the city in ways that they produce the maximum benefit for traffic safety: it is proposed that automatic traffic enforcement should be installed at sites with a high occurrence of accidents and where residents have expressed needs for traffic enforcement.In accordance with the principles of locating speed cameras, cameras should primarily be placed on busy main streets with speed limits of no less than 40 kilometres per hour. The placement of speed cameras will also take into account the average numbers of pedestrians and, for example, the vicinity of schools. The exact sites of speed cameras will be defined during further planning stages.The cost of one automatic traffic enforcement site is estimated to be approximately 15,000 euros, so the total cost of the proposed camera sites would be roughly one million euros. The installment of speed cameras will be carried out by the City of Helsinki, while the police are responsible for the procurement of cameras and traffic enforcement.The number of traffic accident victims must come down in Helsinki, and this project provides the tool to do that. Traffic enforcement will be available at the exact places and in such forms that provide protection to people, says Chief Inspector Jarkko Lehtinen of the Helsinki Police Department.
Helsinki will be in the epicentre of European innovation, as three major investor & startup events will be held on 3-6 of June to highlight the position of the city in the global startup ecosystem. NewCo Helsinki, Finnish Business Angels Network (FiBAN) and Arctic15 are co-organizing the events, focusing on the matchmaking of investors, startups, and general public. Thousands of startup ecosystem influencers and more than 600 international investors are expected to visit Helsinkiduring the week.EBAN Helsinki 2019 is the annual congress of European Business Angels Network (EBAN), and it is the biggest event in Europe for business angels. Helsinki edition will provide international business angels the best possible networking experience, tied with professional training sessions on the hot topics about angel investing. The EBAN Congress experience on the 3-4 June will be continued on the 5-6 June in the form of the Arctic15 startup conference, where the investors can meet with the best startups the Arctic region has to offer.Arctic15 is a startup business conference in Helsinki focused on networking and meetings between international startups, investors and corporation representatives. It is bringing to Helsinki each year in total 2000 attendees from 50 countries. 15 tracks of the event tackle various industries, technologies and topics relevant to the Nordic & Baltic startup ecosystem, such as Impact, SaaS, Fintech, Health, AI, and Scaling. The conference also features the most promising Nordic and Baltic early stage startups in a Funding Program organized in collaboration with FiBAN, which connects startups to angel investors for cross-border investments.To top it all, NewCo Helsinki, as part of City of Helsinki, will organize the Helsinki Startup Day on the 4th of June. The event brings to front the strengths of Helsinki as a hotspot for startups and technology fields gathering all the local ecosystem players for one dynamic day. Last time the free event attracted a thousand startup influencers. Helsinki Startup Day is designed to connect startups with service providers and other experts as well as enhance connectedness of the local startup community and introduce international contacts.About Newco HelsinkiNewCo Helsinki, as a part of City of Helsinki offers services for founding companies and startups and for developing and scaling business ideas internationally. In the core is to support the local Helsinki region startup ecosystem helping it thrive. Together with other members of the local community NewCo Helsinki delivers approximately 200 events per year to cater business needs in different phases. www.newcohelsinki.fiAbout FiBANFinnish Business Angels Network (FiBAN) is a non-profit association of private investors on a mission to inspire private investments. The network is one of the largest and most active business angel networks in Europe with over 650 approved members. FiBAN is a member of the European Business Angels Network (EBAN), and was chosen as the Business Angel Network of the Year in 2012 and 2014. FiBAN received the esteemed Internationalization Award of the President of theRepublic of Finland in 2017. www.fiban.orgAbout Arctic15Arctic15 is the most effective matchmaking startup event in the Nordics and Baltics taking place in Helsinki, Finland on 5-6 June 2019. The 2-day event brings together startups, investors, corporates and media from 50 countries. The focus is on making deals and quality networking. The event features the top early-stage startups from the Nordics and Baltics in a Funding Program fostering cross-border investments. The event is organized by ArcticStartup. www.arctic15.com
The grand opening of Helsinki Central Library Oodi will be celebrated on 5 December 2018, on Independence Day eve. The festivities will continue on Independence Day, 6 December, with events designed especially for families with children.The programme of the grand opening is a unique journey into Finnish culture, nature and communal spirit. It is also an origin story of literacy, democracy and, by extension, Oodi.Oodi will be opened to the public for the first time at 8 a.m. on Independence Day eve, 5 December. The opening day programme will start at 2 p.m. and continue until approximately 8.30 p.m. The programme will take place on the outdoor stage and the three floors of Oodi.In addition to a welcoming address by the President of the Republic of Finland Sauli Niinist, speeches will be given by Mayor Jan Vapaavuori, Deputy Mayor Nasima Razmyar and Director of Oodi Anna-Maria Soininvaara. Oodi will also be congratulated by its closest neighbours, Kiasma, Musiikkitalo and Sanoma House, which have all been involved in the planning of the grand opening programme.The grand opening will feature two commissioned works: choreographer Hanna Brotheruss Oodi metslle (an ode to the forest) and accordionist Kimmo Pohjonens composition Ultra Organ for Oodi.The core theme of Hanna Brotheruss work is the forest: the growth of seeds to saplings, the journey trees make to become paper and books as well as the interaction between people and nature. The work features 207 performers altogether: professional dancers, elderly people from different parts of Helsinki, pupils from Kaisaniemi Comprehensive School, Lower stage, students from Kallio Upper Secondary School and Sibelius Upper Secondary School as well as the Sibelius Academy Chamber Choir conducted by Reijo Aittakumpu. Parts of the work featuring a smaller cast will also be performed on Independence Day.Kimmo Pohjonens composition is based on the piece Ultra Organ, originally composed for the Klner Philharmonie concert hall. Pohjonens goal, which took several years to accomplish, was to create a completely new instrument that could breathe new life into an organ with the help of an electronic accordion. The arrangement for Oodis grand opening includes a boy soprano and the Sibelius Academy Chamber Choir. The Ultra Organ for Oodi composition is particularly special also due to the distance between the performers: the organ will be played in the Musiikkitalo Organo hall and the accordion a couple of hundred metres away on Oodis outdoor stage. This is a unique experience, which also carries symbolic meaning: in the work, Musiikkitalo greets its new neighbour, Oodi,Kimmo Pohjonen says.The organ will be played by the multitalented musician and improviser, church organist Mikko Helenius. The sound image of the work will also feature rhythmic textures woven out of melodies by Tuomas Norvio. Norvio was also a co-composer of the work, and Helenius worked with Pohjonen on the choir arrangement.Oodi is a house of literature and a versatile urban experience, which is also strongly reflected in the grand opening programme. The outdoor stage will be hosted by the Helsinki Book Fair programme director, writer and journalist Ronja Salmi. You will have a chance to see both the Finlandia Literary Prize winners for non-fiction and fiction and the winner of the Finlandia Literary Prize for fiction from 2017, Juha Hurme on the outdoor stage. Kari Korhonen, who has written and drawn Donald Duck comics, will also pay a visit to Oodi. In addition to this, the multilingual library and numerous publishers will be offering entertainment.In addition to literature, Oodi will also be filled with music on its opening day, as the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra and the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra will greet Oodi from Musiikkitalo. The band Solju will also perform on the outdoor stage. Their music combines Smi languages and chants sung by the Smi people with new and innovative sounds. Kalevauva.fi, a modern band of troubadours whose lyrics are provided directly by the Finnish people on the vauva.fi online forum, will also be performing on the same stage.The outdoor stage will also feature an excerpt of Teemu Mkis work Jouluevankeliumi (the gospel of Christmas), which will be premiered on 7 December at the Kiasma Theatre. During the opening festivities, you can participate in various workshops and learn more about the art exhibited in Oodi.The festivities will continue on Independence Day, 6 December, with events designed especially for families with children. Oodi will be open from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Come and enjoy theatre, music and plenty of childrens literature.Over the course of the day, children will be entertained by Playground Loru, to be opened in connection with Oodi, Teater Tapir, the multilingual library and Childrens news by Helsingin Sanomat. The programme also includes childrens yoga, workshops and a dive into the world of improvisational tango.On Independence Day, visitors will also be treated to Aleksis Kivis play Kihlaus as envisioned by Nlkteatteri. The music-filled Hmrinkinen show performed in cooperation with the OP Art Foundation features musicians using the highly valued musical instruments of the OP Art Foundation and singer/actor Anu Hlv as narrator. The virtual reality experience Inside Outside Finland showcases four Finnish artists and works of art in a unique environment.Furthermore, the winner of the Juvenile Finlandia Literary Prize will give a greeting at Oodi, and publishers will be bringing along favourite writers and characters from childrens books. Guests include Miina Supinen, Kristiina Louhi and the new Tomppa book as well Jaana Kapari-Jatta, who translated the Harry Potter books into Finnish. Mr Clutterbuck and Tatu and Patu are also participating!The entire grand opening programme is available at www.oodihelsinki.fi/avajaiset.
  School groups could in the future use public transport services in the Helsinki region free of charge when travelling with a teacher, according to a decision made by the Executive Board of Helsinki Region Transport (HSL) on 30 October 2018. The final decision on transport charges, including tickets for school groups, will be made by the HSL General Meeting on 27 November.From the beginning of 2019 onwards, municipal school administrations would no longer be charged fees for public transport in the Helsinki region. Free use of public transport has for long been sought by Helsinki  especially teachers and cultural institutions in Helsinki have expressed wishes to exempt schools from public transport charges. 
An important goal in education in Helsinki, as stated in the Helsinki City Strategy, is to use the entire city as a learning environment. This means that schools should be able to utilize the versatile opportunities offered by Helsinki for learning outside the classroom. This would support phenomenon-based learning and other learning concepts. Free use of public transport would also increase equality among students.
Free-of-charge student tickets for schools are a major improvement for schools located far from the city centre. They give all students equal opportunities for learning in different parts of the city. City-centre schools are already familiar with the citys museums, and Im hoping that the removal of transport charges from schools will encourage all school groups to explore Helsinki more than before, says Pia Pakarinen, Helsinki Deputy Mayor for Education.Nasima Razmyar, Helsinki Deputy Mayor for Culture and Leisure, is delighted with the decision of the HSL Executive Board.Helsinki offers a broad range of cultural and sports services, which will now be better available to school groups thanks to this decision. Its important for children and young people to get to know Helsinkis cultural and sports services. I believe that a visit to a cultural institution or a sports site will inspire them to use Helsinkis cultural and sports services at other times as well.The General Meeting of HSL on 27 November 2018 will make decisions on the budget estimate and budget proposal for the HSL municipal alliance.
Vaccinations
for at-risk groupsFree-of-charge influenza vaccinations will be provided for at-risk groups without appointment at vaccination points on 59 November, Monday to Thursday at 8.3018.00 and Friday at 8.3015.00.Due to the large turnout last year, the Kamppi vaccination point is going to be moved to larger facilities in Tl Sports Hall. Other vaccination points will be located in Kustaankartano in Oulunkyl, in Liikuntamylly in Myllypuro and in Hopeatie Service House in Pohjois-Haaga. Influenza vaccinations are free-of-charge for anyone over the age of 65, those who are at risk due to illness, close friends and relatives of people susceptible to severe influenza, pregnant women, children between the ages of 6 months and 6 years and those entering military service and voluntary military service. Pregnant mothers and children between the ages of 6 months and 6 years will be vaccinated during appointments at maternity and child health clinics or at the open maternity and child health clinic 516 November. Please see detailed vaccination times here.If it is difficult for a customer to travel to the vaccination point, they may book an appointment electronically or by calling their own health centre after the vaccination week.Vaccinations for other groupsSchool pupils are vaccinated at school health care units or vaccination points. Parents must book vaccination appointment with the school nurse. Students may be vaccinated at their institutions health care unit or vaccination points. Educational institutions will be informing their students of their vaccination dates and practices.The staff of the social welfare, health care, and pharmaceutical services will be vaccinated through their occupational healthcare service.The emergency clinics and inpatient wards of the Helsinki City Hospital, comprehensive service centres, rehabilitation and institutional services for the intellectually disabled, and home care services will be vaccinating their own customers.Further information on vaccinations in Helsinki is available on our website at influenssarokotus.hel.fi and from Health guidance services, tel. 09 31010023 (24 h).Updated November 5th.
  The new edition of the City of Helsinkis international news bulletin Helsinki News discusses the success of the Helsinki education system and the strengths of the Helsinki health ecosystem. Key themes in both are personalization and digitalization.Differences in learning results among Helsinki schools are markedly small by international standards, says Liisa Pohjolainen, Executive Director of the City of Helsinki Education Division, outlining the main strength of the Helsinki education system. Helsinki schools emphasize personalized learning and the digitalization of schoolwork to fulfill their motto every child can learn.Helsinki wants to advance international exchange of ideas for educating children for the future. As a result, the City of Helsinki organizes Helsinki Education Week in partnership with HundrED, a Helsinki-based non-profit organization, which explores the world for impactful innovations in primary and secondary education.We seek to unburden teachers by identifying and disseminating practices that are proven to work, says Saku Tuominen, Founder and Creative Director of HundrED.Helsinki Education Week is held 511 November 2018 and will become an annual event focusing on excellence and equity in education. Helsinki Education WeekHelsinki is today home to pioneering medical research and digital innovations that form key elements in the future of health care. Helsinki possesses an exceptionally robust health ecosystem, says Kimmo
Koponen, a senior business advisor at Helsinki Business Hub.A prime example of the workings of the Helsinki health ecosystem is the genome research project FinnGen, which is aimed at producing new solutions for personalized medicine.
Personalized service is one of the cornerstones of the future outpatient care and service concepts in public health care and social services in Helsinki. The embodiment of the new concepts is the new Kalasatama Health and Wellbeing Centre. Our guiding principle is customer orientation, says Lars Rosengren, Medical Director and Project Manager of the centre.Specialized health care for pediatric patients is now provided at New Childrens Hospital of HUS Helsinki University Hospital. The hospital is designed for the wellbeing of children.Read more in Helsinki News 3/2018 (.pdf)
"A new Growth Company Campus of international significance with more than 4,000 job opportunities and 50,000 square metres is being planned next to the successful Maria 01 startup cluster in the former Maria hospital area. The City of Helsinki used an open search procedure to find a developer and realiser. Out of the seven contenders, the consortium led by YIT and Keva and comprising several companies, such as Slush, Industryhack, Accenture and MaaS Global, will be proposed for the task.The objective of the search for a developer and realiser was to find a bold, visionary and ambitious idea and concept. The aim was to choose the realisers in the preparation phase of the local detailed plan, in order to be able to plan the area according to the idea.In addition to their own special expertise, YIT and Keva bring 23 partner companies to the project, which produce innovative services and solutions needed by the Growth Company Campus, bring managerial skills and growth company expertise to the project and develop the functional concept of the project and the architecture that expresses it. The consortium comprises, among others, the growth company event Slush, Industryhack, which develops the co-operation between big business and growth companies in the area, consulting and technology services firm Accenture and MaaS Global, which develops sustainable mobility services.The objective of the cluster, which, at 70,000 square metres, will become one of Europe's biggest growth company campuses, is to bring together startups that develop their ideas, growth companies, anchor companies, investors looking for potential stars of the future, accelerators and representatives of research and development activities. The campus will be composed of the existing former hospital area and buildings to be constructed in the southern part of the area. According to a preliminary estimate, more than 50,000 square metres of new premises can be constructed in the southern part. In addition to this, Maria 01 in the northern part of the area will expand from its current 13,000 square metres to 19,000 square metres.There are currently around 130 operators and 800 jobs in the area. When the expansion plan is realised, the aim is to attract about 650 new operators and at least 4,000 new jobs to the area.The development reservation of the Maria area will be processed by the Urban Environment Committee on Tuesday 6 November 2018. According to the preliminary schedule, the Economic Development sub-committee of the City Board will make a decision on the matter at its meeting on 19 November 2018.The intention is to work out a local detailed plan proposal for the area as partnership planning in co-operation between the City and the consortium. A goal is that when the project proceeds, the area with its new and current operators forms an integrated entity.According to the plan, a draft of the local detailed plan will be completed in 2019, the expansion of the campus will start in 2020 and the first part will open in 2021.Helsinki wants to be one of the world's most attractive cities for growth company activities. According to Mayor Jan Vapaavuori, the Maria Growth Company Campus holds a strategic position when it comes to this objective.""Helsinki's attractiveness in the startup sector has grown and according to Startup Genome's recent study, our ecosystem is already a world leader in local connectedness and the most ambitious in its class. We are doing everything to ensure that Helsinki is among the world's best places for startup and growth company activities and, at the same time, an attractive competence cluster for companies and experts alike. The expanding and strengthening Maria Growth Company Campus is an essential improvement in this work"", says Vapaavuori.The revamped area will be increasingly interwoven with the other surroundings and the city centre will become a denser job concentration.""Helsinki's goal is to add to the creation of a living inner city, where people live, work, enjoy themselves and create new things  and where unexpected meeting occur as well. The development of the Maria Growth Company Campus caters to these objectives of the living inner city in the best possible way"", says Deputy Mayor Anni Sinnemki.""The project is an excellent implementation of our vision of more life in sustainable cities. Our concept is a continuation to the urban structure and offers an entirely new kind of flexibility in considering the rapidly changing needs of startups when it comes to premises and service"", says Juha Kostiainen, Executive Vice President, Urban Development at YIT Corporation.To Keva, the project is much more than just a real estate investment.""Our international venture capital partners see Finland as an interesting target area"", says Keva CEO Timo Kietvinen. As a long-term investor, Keva wants to play a part in improving the operating conditions for startups and growth companies.""At the same time, we support Helsinki's vitality and consequently Keva's main task, the funding of pensions, in the long term"", emphasises Kietvinen.The new Growth Company Campus is a significant boost and attraction for Helsinki's startup ecosystem and, at the same time, for the entire country. It is not just a premises project, but a new way of facilitating co-operation between companies and growth and improving the local connectedness of Helsinki's startup ecosystem, which is already at the top level in the world.""It is great to be part of the project, which continues with the systematic development of Helsinki's startup ecosystem. I believe that Maria will be a place where people come up with solutions to the most important challenges of our time"", notes Slush CEO Andreas Saari.More informationGrowth Company Campus Maria project pages"
"The Mayors Office of the Chief Technology Officer (MOCTO), NYC Cyber Command (C3), and New York City Economic Development Corporation (NYCEDC) launched the Cybersecurity Moonshot Challenge that calls on industry experts to develop and deliver new, affordable, and scalable solutions to protect New York City -based small and midsize business from the dangers of cyberattacks. As cyberattacks increasingly present one of the greatest threats around the globe, the City of New Yorkhas established a consortium of international partners to launch this challenge  all with a shared interest in developing the most innovative and effective cybersecurity solutions.New Yorkwill partner with Israel's leading venture capital firm, Jerusalem Venture Partners, and global partners from Helsinki, Israel, Japan, South Korea, Singapore, Berlin, London, and Paris. These partners will work with the City of New York to solicit and evaluate proposals from companies and startups that can secure small and midsize businesses from cyberattacks. Additionally, the Global Cyber Alliance is partnering on the challenge to increase awareness among interested startups and will seek to incorporate Challenge learnings into its ongoing support for small businesses.Four to eight finalists will receive an award of up to $20,000 to test their proposal in New York City, structured support to deliver the solution into international markets. Jerusalem Venture Partners has also committed an over $1 million investment to be awarded to selected proposals, which will help companies accelerate growth in New York City. ""Helsinki is privileged to act as partnership city of the NYCx Cyber Moonshot Challenge. Our responsibility as cities is to provide the best possible conditions for people to work and conduct business in the safest possible environment. We are committed to finding new innovative solutions to cyber challenges in collaboration with New York City and the other partners. We firmly believe that global collaboration is the key driver of groundbreaking, actionable solutions and Helsinki wants to be in the forefront of this development, says Jan Vapaavuori, Mayor of Helsinki.The City of Helsinki will provide the Helsinki-based finalists with support for networking and starting the entrepreneurial activities both in New York and Helsinki, entrance to the Slush 2019 and Arctic Startup events and work spaces free of charge. The City of Helsinki will also cover the travel and accommodation costs for the Helsinki-based finalists on the final week in New York in April.For companies interested in the competition, the City of Helsinki arranges an event in collaboration with Industryhack, where the participants can receive support for developing ideas and hear more about the challenge via Skype from New York. The event will take place at the Maria 01 startup centre on 26 November. The Citys new Chief Digital Officer Mikko Rusama is the judge of the management group which evaluates the ideas.City of New York Launches Global Challenge to Protect Small Businesses from CyberattacksDetails on all of the awardsThe NYCx program website "
24 h Telephone Health Service, tel. 09310 10023 provides Information about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call.In
the event of a severe and life-threatening illness or accident situation at any time of the day, call 112 for help.Health
stations are closed on Saturday 3 November. Health stations are open MonFri 816.
When local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services.When local health stations are closed, residents of Helsinki with serious illnesses and in urgent need for care can also go to the Jorvi Hospital emergency room in Espoo, Turuntie 150, tel. 09 87 10023, or to the Peijas Hospital emergency room in Vantaa, Sairaalakatu 1, Vantaa, call first tel. 116 117.Emergency
dental care is provided on All Saints Day 921 at Haartman Hospital, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12. Appointments can be booked 821 at 09 310 49999. Night emergency duty is at Tl hospital emergency department, Tlnkatu 40, tel. 09 471 87708.Please always make an appointment by phone before seeking treatment for Emergency Dental Care.Emergency Social Services
and Crisis emergency support serve 24/7 also during All SaintsDay. Emergency Social Services tel. 020696 006 and Crisis emergency support tel. 09310 44222.
The City of Helsinki and Helsinki Education Division have partnered with HundrED, the global nonprofit that selects the most inspiring 100 global K12 innovations annually, to launch the first annual Helsinki Education Week.From November 5-9, 2018, over 100 events will take place across the city of Helsinki, celebrating the work taking place in daycare centers, schools, and educational establishments. The programs are free and open to the public, and coincide with the HundrED Innovation Summit, an invitation-only event that brings together the worlds most inspiring innovators in education. Between Helsinki Education Week and theHundrED Innovation Summitthe city of Helsinki will be teeming with local and international education stakeholders passionate about improving excellence and equity in education.We are thrilled by the high number of quality event submissions for the first annual Helsinki Education Week, said Liisa Pohjolainen, Executive Director of Education Division of the Helsinki School District. This event celebrates excellence and equity which are at the heart of the Finnish approach to education and were excited to host some of the most passionate educators, students, and stakeholders here in Helsinki.Helsinki Education Week provides a program for learners of all ages and for everyone who is interested in learning and developing education. The five-day program includes, studying in the school tram, or learning environment experiences both in the forest and in the virtual world. There will also be skateboarding with Skateistan, Escape Games, Pop-Up College in the shopping center, digital and portfolio pedagogy, workshops, documentary premieres, open doors and panel discussions.Were extremely proud to partner with the City of Helsinki and the Helsinki School District to host this event, said Saku Tuominen, CEO of HundrED. Our mission is to break down the barriers that prevent education innovations from spreading cross borders. Theres no better place than Helsinki, a playground for education innovation, to shareand spread some of the worlds most inspiring K12 innovations during Helsinki Education Week, and in years to come. For more information and the detailed program, visit the Helsinki Education Week website at www.helsinkieducationweek.com.
"Muji and Sensible 4 have combined their expertise to create an elegant robotbus, first in the world to function in all weather conditions. For this shuttle Sensible 4 provides the autonomous driving technology which ensures the vehicle with superior positioning, navigation and obstacle detection performance thus allowing autonomous driving throughout the year regardless of the environment and conditions. While Muji provides the vehicle its famous design and user experience.Helsinki Business Hub had a key role in introducing Muji to Sensible 4. Helsinki Business Hub is a regional development agency whose role is to help foreign companies to establish their businesses in and to enable innovation driven companies to grow and develop in Greater Helsinki.The vehicle will be displayed to public in its premiere March 2019 in Helsinki. After launch, the Gacha shuttle bus will be driving and taking passengers in three Finnish cities as part of real-life traffic (also be seen Muji store, opens Nov 2019 in Helsinki). Sensible 4 and Muji are finalizing plans for the first Gacha fleet which is expected to roll out in 2020. The aim of the collaboration is to develop autonomous shuttle bus fleets for mainstream use and to provide real transportation services for the public already in 2021. Currently, Sensible 4 is looking for suitable industry partners whom would be interested in producing the buses as well as investors to accelerate the company growth.Weather plays a critical role in opening the market for autonomous buses or robotaxis. Currently heavy rain, fog or snow are preventing autonomous vehicles from driving as the existing technologies are mostly being tested and developed in warm climate conditions. Meanwhile Sensible 4 has focused in technology test and validation under the arctic Lapland conditions giving the company a unique advantage over the other self-driving technologies. Naturally all autonomous vehicles need to be able to drive in various weather conditions, before they can be commercially deployed. ""We are developing these vehicles so that they can become part of daily transportation service chain. Autonomous vehicles can't become mainstream until their technology has been insured to work in all climates"", says Harri Santamala, CEO of Sensible 4.Sensible 4 delivers systems to autonomous vehicles and aims on collaboration with the leading automotive OEMs and their suppliers. Sensible 4 software can be integrated in to any autonomous vehicle platform from small cars to full -size buses. Currently, Sensible 4 offers free open-to-all rides as part of pilot in southern Finland in Espoo, the home city of the company. Results are clear: it works everywhere!Muji proposes a pleasant life. This not only covers products for daily life but also the challenges faced by different communities. The advanced technology of autonomous driving has potential in the countryside where decreasing birth rates and aging populations are causing problems in these communities. The Gacha autonomous shuttle bus is an all-weather concept that can be shared among the community. This paralleled Mujis philosophy and thus the collaboration with Sensible 4 started in 2017. The design is made in consideration of the users. The highlights of the design are its shape, which is friendly and designed with no front or back, the LED light belt, which is made from the combination of the headlights and communication screen, and the seating that follows the soft rounded square shape of the bus.Dimensions: 4.5 * 2.4 * 2.8 m (L*W*H)Capacity: 10 seats, 6 standingMax speed: 40 km/h autonomousPowertrain: 4WD electricRange: 100+ km withFast charging. Wireless charging as an optionSensor package: 4 Lidars, 8 radars, 360 deg camera vision, high precision GPS, inertia unit, control over 4GLTE/5G.March 2019: Prototype of shuttle bus to be unveiled to the public in Finland (near Helsinki)1st half of 2019: Start test-driving in three Finnish citiesMore informationMujiSensible 4Helsinki Business Hub"
"Muji Europe HoldingsLtd., the regional headquarters in Europe, will establish a subsidiary in Finland and open the largest store in Europe on the 4th floor of Kamppi Shopping Center, one of the largest shopping malls in Helsinki city center. Helsinki Business Hub (HBH), Business Finland and City of Helsinkihad a key role in helping Muji to start its operations in Helsinki region.With its ongoing services between autumn 2017 and autumn 2018, HBH has helped Muji to land to Helsinki and Finnish companies to start to do business with Muji.Muji was founded during the 1980s in Japan as a response and counter to the habits of commercial consumer society at the time. Muji's vision is to bring No Brand, Quality Goods Short for ""Mujirushi Ryohin"" was realised overseas for the first time in 1991 when Muji opened a store within the Liberty department store. In the 25 years since then, Muji has continued to grow to now more than 57 Muji stores across Europe. Muji is based on three core principles, which remain unchanged to this day:1. Selection of materials2. Streamlining of processes3. Simplification of packagesMuji's products, born from an extremely rational manufacturing process, are succinct, but they are not in the minimalist style. That is, they are like empty vessels. Simplicity and emptiness yield the ultimate universality, embracing the feelings and thoughts of all people.Muji hasbeen credited with being resource-saving, low-priced, simple, anonymous and nature-oriented. Without placing a disproportionate emphasis on any one of these varied assessments, Muji aims to live up to all.Muji would like to be a platform to connect people, society, and nature. Among the companys main product lines of fashion, household and food, food is the most essential for everyday life. Today, the farmers or harbors where the foods are produced have become quite distant from many people who live in city centers. Most of these people do not know the producers and do not know the soil and sea that produced these resources. In this new store, Muji will introduce a Speciality Food corner for the first time in Europe, and will offer good and safe local food directly sourced from producers. Muji will unveil a large selection of books mainly related to lifestyle and everyday life. People will be able to discover new ideas for living not only through our products, but through these books as well. The bookshelves will run through the store and help people form links between ideas, departments, and products.One of Mujis aims is to be a platform for the local community. To begin this activity, Muji will create a space for local people to sell their produce. The idea is that this market changes periodically according to seasonal availability.Muji will hold regular events to ensure dialogue with the community. Open Muji is a space made for these events. The event schedule will be published on the website and in the store.Mujis embroidery service allows customers to choose from over 300 embroidered designs and letters to add to any of the brands clothing or textile items. Great for monogramming and creating personalized gifts.In advance of the launch, Muji has opened its 3rd pop-up shop in Helsinki running from 29th October to 20th January to celebrate the brands arrival in Finland. Located in the Kamppi Shopping Centre on the 4th floor, the retail space will sell a curated selection of Mujis iconic items that center around daily essential needs and include the Muji Aroma Diffuser, Body Fit Cushion, stationary items and cleaning products.More informationRelated News ReleaseMujiHelsinki Business Hub Ltd. is an investment promotion and regional development agency whose role is to help foreign companies to establish their businesses in and to enable innovation driven companies to grow and develop in Greater Helsinki. HBH receives its funding from public sources and all its services are free-of-charge.Helsinki Business Hub"
  It is vital for the safety of Helsinki and the Helsinki metropolitan area that the operations of the Helsinki Rescue School should be continued. The proposed closure of the school would result in the disappearance of the emergency medical services readiness of the first response staff, and it would seriously jeopardize the safety of Helsinki, according to a statement made by the Helsinki City Board to the Ministry of the Interior.
The Helsinki Rescue School is part of the Centre of Excellence of the Helsinki City Rescue Department. The school trains first responders and fire foremen for the needs of the Helsinki City Rescue Department. The Ministry of the Interior plans to focus all vocational training in rescue operations in Finland to Emergency Services College in Kuopio. For this reason, the Ministry is considering a cancellation of the licenses granted earlier to the Helsinki Rescue School.The City Board made a clear statement at its meeting of Monday, 29 October, in which it supports the continuation of the operations of the Helsinki Rescue School. In its statement, the City Board declares that the continuation of the Rescue School operations is vital to secure the resources of the metropolitan areas emergency medical services and rescue operations. The City Board states that the Ministry of the Interior should give up its plan to cancel the licenses of the Rescue School.According to the Helsinki City Board, the closure of the Rescue School and the transfer of rescue training away from Helsinki would jeopardize the provision of emergency medical services and the continuation of the Helsinki City Rescue Departments strategic performance capacity. In its statement, the City Board also refers to the view of HUS Helsinki University Hospital, according to which it is imperative that rescue training should be continued in Helsinki.The provision of emergency medical services is a key part of the strategic performance capacity of the Helsinki City Rescue Department. The Rescue Department employs approximately 400 firefighters trained in emergency medical operations. They can be used flexibly for rescue operations and emergency medical services. One shift consists of approximately 40 firefighters in rescue operations and 30 firefighters in emergency medical services. The 40 firefighters in rescue operations can immediately meet the needs of emergency medical services during daily peak demand. Every fire engine is equipped for the provision of emergency medical care and also serves as an emergency medical care unit. In case of a catastrophe, the approximately 320 off-duty firefighters can be called to duty on a short notice.The discontinuation of the Rescue School would result in the disappearance of emergency medical training from Helsinki. In the long run, this would mean that emergency medical services would no longer be part of the responsibilities of the Helsinki City Rescue Department. At the same time, the staffing of the Rescue Department would be reduced by approximately 130 firefighters. The remaining 270 firefighters would not be sufficient to secure the daily needs of emergency medical services and to provide the resources required for catastrophes. This would be extremely adverse in terms of safety in Helsinki. Furthermore, this would reduce the overall productivity of safety services, as both rescue operations and emergency medical services providers should make separate provisions for significant increases in their resources.According to HUS, the discontinuation of the Helsinki Rescue School would likely cause a considerable shortage of rescue personnel in the Helsinki metropolitan area and Uusimaa. It is unlikely that a sufficient number of people residing in Southern Finland would apply to training in Kuopio and that a sufficient number of people residing elsewhere would move to the Helsinki metropolitan area after training. The shortage of workforce would be immediately reflected on emergency medical services. HUS has an agreement on cooperation with all rescue departments in the HUS operating area in the provision of emergency medical services and first response operations. The discontinuation of the Rescue School would pose a serious threat to the availability of rescue personnel not only in Helsinki but in the entire metropolitan area.The City of Helsinki supports financially the vocational training provided by the Helsinki Rescue School. Special efforts have been made for decades to provide this training, and the training is highly cost-efficient. The emergency medical training period at the Rescue School is organized in cooperation with Metropolia University of Applied Sciences. The students learn about the emergency medical services system of the metropolitan area and complete supervised on-the-job training at an emergency medical services unit. The emergency medical training provided by Metropolia is among the leading training programmes available in Finland. Metropolia University of Applied Sciences supports the continuation of the Rescue School.The courses and the resources of the Rescue School comply with the needs of the Helsinki City Rescue Department and its total resources. The first responders graduating from the Helsinki Rescue School are ready to assume the tasks of first responders in the demanding operating conditions of Helsinki without special training, as opposed to the firefighters recruited from Emergency Services College. The discontinuation of the Rescue School would result in the loss of the flexible and vital resource created for the needs of the City of Helsinki.The training provided by the Rescue School is Government-financed. Economically the discontinuation of the Rescue School in Helsinki would mean that the Government would have to allocate additional resources to Emergency Services College to cover the costs of additional training. This would increase Government spending.The City of Helsinki sees that the organization of first responder training in Helsinki, or the transfer of the training in its entirety to the governmental Emergency Services College, should be resolved in conjunction with the total reform of rescue training with due consideration to the needs of the rescue departments of Helsinki and Uusimaa.The City Council political groups represented on the Helsinki City Board have reached agreement on the 2019 budget proposal. The City Board also considered the budget proposal at its meeting of 29 Octoner. The budget proposal will next be considered by the City Council, which will make the final decision on the budget.
The City of Helsinki updates its information and counselling service in order to improve it and to make it easier to find. As of 1 November, you can call a single phone number 09-310 11111and ask about anything with regard to the city. The new info point will open at Helsinki Central Library Oodi by Tlnlahti in December. The service is for all Helsinki inhabitants. The name of the reorganised information service will be Helsinki-info, and the current Virka-info will be discontinued. The 11 professionals at the information service promise to find answers and relevant contact information regarding any question concerning municipal services, from housing and education to work and recreation. Helsinki-info is also the right address for questions about immigration. Advice is always provided in Finnish, Swedish or English, and as needed also in Arabic, Somali and Persian, etc. Altogether, the counsellors speak ten languages. Helsinki-info can also reached by chat or by phone on 09-310 11111. In addition, you can send questions through the feedback system of the City of Helsinki. The counselling service is open during regular office hours, but at Oodi the counsellors will be available until 6 p.m. We wished to provide counselling services to more people, to new inhabitants as well as to those who were born here, and generally to people who take an interest in the city. We changed the name of the service, we relocated to the central library closer to where people actually move about. We have also combined our teams, and hence more knowledge will be present at every service point, comments counselling supervisor Anne Nissinen from the City Executive Office. Ask the city! Helsinki-info Phone +358 9 31011 111 MondayThursday 9 a.m. 4 p.m., Friday 10 a.m.3 p.m. Chat Service desk in Oodi Tlnlahdenkatu 4. Opens in DecemberMondayThursday 9 a.m.6 p.m., Friday 10 a.m.6 p.m. Service desk in IHH Albertinkatu 25 MondayThursday 9 a.m.4 p.m., Friday 1.hel.fi/feedback
  According to the basic alternative of Helsinki City Executive Offices latest population forecast, Helsinkis population figure will reach 650,000 this year, and by 2050 no less than 822,000. According to the Fast Growth alternative Helsinki would, by 2050, have 860,000 inhabitants.A new population projection has been made for Helsinki and the Helsinki Region, extending up until 2050. A projection for the various sub-districts of Helsinki extends up until 2030. Both have been made for the Swedish-language population, too.Annual population growth in Helsinki
between 7,000 and 8,000The annual population growth in Helsinki is expected at 7,000  8,000 up until the 2030s. Subsequently, population growth becomes slower as the number of deaths increases. In the new forecast, figures in the basic alternative are at clearly higher a level than in the previous forecast, since construction opportunities remain good and housing demand is expected to remain focused on city-like areas.More small children, school-age children
and senior citizensThe number of children of early childhood education age started to grow ten years ago. This increase is expected to continue into the early 2030s. The number of children of compulsory school age started to increase in the early 2010s, and that increase is expected to continue well into the latter half of the 2030s.Due to falling birth rates, the age group entering the early childhood education age is growing slower and slower today. Nonetheless, the age group is forecast to grow by almost 500 annually during the 2020. The number of children of compulsory school age is set to grow very rapidly in the next few years, by no less than 1,500 annually.The number of retired people, i.e. over 65 year olds, is set to grow annually by over two thousand up until the early 2030, and that of over 75 year olds by up to 3,000 per annum during the first half of the 2020s. The number of people of working age is expected to grow at the same rate as today up until the 2030s. A considerable part of this increase comes from immigration.Strongest increase in Jtksaari,
Kalasatama, Kruunuvuorenranta and PasilaIn the district-by-district forecast extending up until 2030, population growth will be strongest in the large developments in Jtksaari and the Kalasatama-Sompasaari zone, in Kruunuvuorenranta and the rest of Laajasalo, as well as in Pasila. These areas will account for over half of Helsinkis population growth of 90,000 during the following 12 years. Other areas with significant population growth include Kuninkaantammi, Malmin lentokentt, the Patola-Verjmki area, Hernesaari, Koskela, Herttoniemis industrial zone and Mellunmki.Almost 40,000 Swedish-speaking by 2030In the 2010s, Helsinkis Swedish-speaking population has grown by 1,160, reaching 36,200 this year, and is set to reach 38,300 by 2030. There will be more Swedish-speaking children than today of both early childhood education age and school age. Swedish-speaking children are increasing as today, in families where the mother has some other mother tongue than Swedish, the children are mostly registered as Swedish-speaking.The number of Swedish-speaking residents is set to grow particularly in the Southern, the Central and the South-Eastern major districts. By 2030, this increase is expected at 700-800 each in the Southern and the Central, and almost 500 in the South-Eastern Major District. The large developments in Jtksaari, Kalasatama and Laajasalo are, especially, expected to attract Swedish-speaking residents, too.More about the subject:System Manager Pekka Vuori, , +358 9 310 36300, forename.surname@hel.fiSource:Pekka Vuori and Marjo Kaasila: Helsingin ja Helsingin seudun vestennuste
20182050. Ennuste alueittain 20182030, Helsinki City Executive Offices statistics 2018:18, pdf-publication.
  Helsinki and Turku continue to implement the Baltic Sea Challenge, their joint initiative launched 11 years ago, with a new 5-year term and an updated joint action plan. The cities will carry on their work for the benefit of their local waters and the entire Baltic Sea both in their own operations and through an extensive network of partners.The City Boards of both Helsinki and Turku have decided to continue the cities joint Baltic Sea programme in 20192023. The programme will extend many actions that have proved effective in reducing the cities nutrient loading to the sea and in encouraging the members of the Baltic Sea Challenge network to act to protect the sea. The Baltic Sea action plan also includes completely new actions to protect the sea. These actions include the use of biocoal, structure lime and gypsum to bind nutrients, avoidance of hazardous materials in procurement, various agile pilot projects, and new nature surveys of small water bodies and the archipelago.The Port of Turku will end its practice of disposing dredged materials to the sea by the end of 2024. Helsinki will ensure that the implementation of the Citys new maritime strategy will be carried out on the terms of the unique maritime environments nature.The Baltic Sea action plan contains close to 120 actions to improve the state of the cities local waters and the entire Baltic Sea. Helsinki and Turku will also invite new organizations to join the network and urge all current members of the Baltic Sea Challenge network to upgrade their actions and commitments to the new programme term.Helsinki and Turku have actively challenged other actors to take to voluntary action to protect their local waters and the Baltic Sea. By 2018, the Baltic Sea Challenge network has been joined by 270 organizations in Finland and other Baltic Sea countries.Turku Mayor Minna Arveand Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori support the work and define its main guidelines. According to the decisions now made, the City of Helsinki will extend its support for the donated professorship in the economics of Baltic Sea protection at the University of Helsinki. The City of Turku will continue to support a fund for the protection of the Archipelago Sea.Cities must serve as pioneers, also in efforts to protect the seas. Helsinkis new maritime strategy and ambitious climate goals support the Baltic Sea action plan. Cities must also set an example in bringing diverse actors together to promote important goals. Helsinki wants to challenge citizens, businesses and the research community to work together for a cleaner Baltic Sea, mayor Vapaavuori says.Over more than a decade, we have implemented dozens of concrete actions to reduce the loading of Helsinki and Turku to the sea. Our partners in the Baltic Sea Challenge have carried out hundreds of actions for the good of their local waters and the entire Baltic Sea. We have also implemented several international projects to improve water protection. We will now launch novel corporate cooperation and, more than before, we will engage citizens and encourage them to act, says Mayor Arve.The first Baltic Sea Challenge and the cities first joint Baltic Sea action plan were launched in 2007 at the initiative of the mayors of Helsinki and Turku.Read more:Baltic Sea ChallengeHelsinki
and Turku Baltic Sea action plan (in Finnish)
Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori has been invited to the U20 summit that takes place beginning on Monday 29 October in Buenos Aires, Argentina, in anticipation of the G20 meetingIt will be the first summit meeting for mayors representing big cities in the G20 countries. A selection of mayors from other globally interesting cities have been invited as well. This is a preparatory meeting for the G20 summit that will be arranged later this year in Buenos Aires, too. The invitation to the U20 summit is a great honour for Helsinki. It is also proof of the fact that Helsinki, thanks to a determined effort, has advanced to the league of the internationally most respected and interesting cities. Helsinki has plenty to contribute to cities and states in many fields that are of global interest. This network of globally leading cities is from Helsinki's point of view also an opportunity to learn and to find new solutions, says Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.The mayor underlines that the rise of the importance of cities as actors in international politics clearly provides the backdrop for the meeting. The importance of cities as parts of the solutions to the biggest problems of our times will become even more emphasized in the future. The cities are now actively going to form partnerships  in the same way that national states did in earlier days. It is important for the whole country that Helsinki is ambitiously involved in this development from the outset.During the three-day summit, Mayor Vapaavuori will give presentations, inter alia, about transparent administration and the city inhabitants' participation, about the future of work and about the prevention of climate change. These are the central themes of the meeting. On the sidelines of the summit, he will additionally have appointments with several prominent colleagues participating in the summit.United Cities and Local Governments (UCLG) and C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group have contributed to the convening of the summit. Helsinki has the status of an observer city in the network.The mayors of the most important cities intend to regularise the cooperation between themselves. In 2019, the summit will take place in Tokyo.
"Helsinki is creating an internationally unique virtual city experience in co-operation with VR-studio Zoan. The project called ""Virtual Capital of the World"" kicks off today, when a dozen top VR developers will arrive in the city to finalise the Helsinki-themed virtual content. The final result will be revealed in December at the startup and tech event Slush, where it will be shown through a VR headset with eye precision capability, manufactured by Helsinki-based Varjo.The concept of the VR experience and the groundwork for a virtual Helsinki has been made by Helsinki-based VR studio Zoan, which also conducts this week's developer sprint. Many game houses, such as Ubisoft, Splash Damage andCloud Imperium Games, are represented in the international team. The task of the team is to fine-tune the virtual experience and make it as realistic as possible. According to the plan, virtual Helsinki will be made available next year in different parts of the world, for example in specific public spaces and arcades as well as in VR stores for VR headsets.""Our goal is to come up with the world's most realistic VR experience. The soundscape and the visual quality are important factors in reaching a realistic mood, when the reference point consists of existing environments. The latter is emphasised, as Varjo's VR headset offers an exceptionally high resolution. Only a skilled 3D artist is able to make, for example, realistic water or a wooden surface"", says Zoan CEO and founder Miikka Rosendahl about the reasons for the visit of the international top developers.After the Helsinki visit, the team continues its journey to Savonlinna, to brainstorm new purposes of use for the Retretti caverns by means of virtual technologies.Virtual tourism has become very popular globally and Helsinki wants to be at the forefront of the development. The virtual reality themes constructed now are urban Helsinki, the sea and design. The realisation is one step in a bigger scheme. ""Helsinki wants to be the city in the world that best capitalises on digitalisation and the city is already a significant centre for startup culture and AR/VR development. At its best, digitalisation is increasingly successful services for the citizens and a better Helsinki experience for tourists. A virtual experience representing top quality is a good example of how Helsinki can be sensed in a new way"", says Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.A virtual journey can deepen the content of physical travel. The virtual tourist may move from present day to history, visit places that are difficult to access or from a virtual store buy a design item or a t-shirt, which is delivered home through the mail. ""By means of virtual tourism, the globe can cope with the gigantic growth of tourism. It also offers a travelling opportunity for billions of people who cannot do it due to financial or physical reasons"", says Miikka Rosendahl.In the future, we may also see people who live physically elsewhere, but spend time in their virtual home in Helsinki. When the virtual reality becomes social, it will also be possible to meet local friends in virtual spaces.Hashtags#HelsinkiVR #ZoanVRSprint #Retretti #RetrettiSprint#myhelsinki #visitfinland #businessfinland"
"  It has been possible to borrow electricity consumption meters from libraries for several years. The array of meters was now augmented with moisture, decibel, surface temperature and radon meters, as well as wall scanners. There is a clear demand for the meters. For example, the decibel meter at Oulunkyl Library was borrowed immediately, and other meters will be distributed to various outlets for lending over the autumn,"" Leila Sonkkanen, the City of Helsinki eco-support person says.Helen intends to focus more than ever on developing electronic services in the provision of energy advisory services. An example is its partnership with the My2050 simulation game developed by Visia and delving into climate change.Read more"
Helen
Helsinki will join World Cities Culture Forum, which is a network of the leading cultural cities worldwide established at the initiative of London. Membership in World Cities Culture Forum will support Helsinkis brand as an international city of culture and strengthen Helsinkis networks with culture-friendly metropolises.As a member of World Cities Culture Forum, Helsinki will obtain, for the first time, reliable data for comparative analyses of the status of art and culture in Helsinki in relation to cities in other countries. World Cities Culture Forum produces an annual survey report that compares member cities with the help of 70 cultural indicators. Helsinki can use the network to market its expertise in art and culture, and the network can help Helsinki to find new ways to support art and culture.The network currently consists of more than 30 cities throughout the world. The Nordic members so far have been Stockholm and Oslo. The initiative for Helsinki to join the network came from Mayor of London Sadiq Khan.The Helsinki City Board made the decision to join World Cities Culture Forum at its meeting of 22 October 2018. The City Board allocated 17,500 euros to the Culture and Leisure Division to be used to pay the first years membership fee. The membership fee for subsequent years will be 8,500 euros per year. Among other services, the fee gives Helsinki access to the networks databases.At its meeting of 22 October 2018, the City Board also approved Helsinkis share in the third joint action plan of Helsinki and Turku for the protection of the Baltic Sea in 20192023.
Helsinki and Turku announced their first joint Baltic Sea action plan in 2007. In the same connection, the cities launched the Baltic Sea Challenge. To date, the challenges network has been joined by 270 organizations in Finland and other Baltic Sea countries.Read more:The Baltic Sea
Challenge websiteHelsinki
and Turku Baltic Sea action plan 20192023 (PDF, in Finnish)
"The Helsinki Week Foundation, being presently the organisation behind the Helsinki Festival, will be transformed into the Helsinki Event Foundation on 1 January 2019. In addition to its responsibility for the Helsinki Festival, it will also start arranging other major events in Helsinki, such as Lux Helsinki, the Helsinki Day, the Helsinki New Year's event, the Helsinki Baltic Herring Market and the Helsinki Christmas Market. Stuba Nikula has been appointed CEO of the foundation as of 1 December 2018.He will relocate to the foundation after having served as Chief of Cultural Services at the City of Helsinki. There he has been in charge of grants provided by the municipality to arts and culture. He has also been responsible for the development of the city's cultural centres. Formerly, Nikula has been CEO of the Kaapelitehdas and Suvilahti cultural venues, and been head of Finnish Metal Events, which is a company that arranges, among other things, the Tuska Festival.""I am enthusiastic and flattered by the opportunity to be able to develop Helsinki's supply of events side by side with the competent staff of the foundation"", asserts Nikula. ""Helsinki has made an excellent choice deciding that events should be included among the central themes of its strategy. Here we can continuously improve ourselves, and now I will be able to contribute my own share to this important task. The foundation will be the producer of its own events, but additionally it will quite naturally find itself in the role of the party looking after the whole events industry's interests and pulling it together.""""We are happy to have Nikula in the leadership of Helsinki's future events foundation. What he brings into the position is strong knowledge and a vision of the fields of culture and events originating in the municipality as well as organisations and enterprises that breathe more freely,"" says Juhana Vartiainen, the chairman of the board of the Helsinki Week Foundation.Helsinki Festival"
The security guard strike, which begins on Wednesday 24
October and ends on Friday evening 26 October, will affect commuter trains and
buses. Metro and tram security staff are not involved in the strike. HSL's ticket inspectors patrol commuter trains and buses
more frequently during the strike.Activities critical to the security of passengers and
transport staff are not affected for example, control rooms operate as usual.HSLPalmia (only in Finnish)
  Travel Card users must replace their Travel Cards with the new HSL card or switch to the HSL app during this autumn. The current Travel Cards will not work after the introduction of new fare zones next spring. Cards can be changed at the HSL and municipal service points from 23 October onwards and at other Travel Card sales points from 25 October onwards.You can replace you Travel Card with an HSL card at any Travel Card sales point when you go to top up your card. Switch from Travel Card to the HSL
appThe app allows you to buy season tickets for adults as well as adult and child single tickets and day tickets. Season tickets for students will become available on the app at the beginning of next year. The HSL app is available from app stores.Any season ticket and value remaining on the old card as well as all other information such as a discount entitlement, are transferred to the new HSL card. The new HSL cards work in the same way as the old Travel Cards. The HSL card looks different to the current Travel Card. The card is blue in color and has a new design based on pictograms of different vehicles.Old cards will stop working when the new zone model is
introducedOld and new cards will be used in parallel until the introduction of the the new zone model for ticket pricing. After that, the old cards will no longer work. The new fare zones are due to be introduced in spring 2019. Travel Cards can be replaced free of charge at all sales points until the introduction of the new fare zones. After that, cards are replaced only at HSL and municipal service points for a fee of six euros.  No authorization or ID document is needed to replace the old card. You can also replace the card on behalf of another person. For example, one family member can change the cards of all family members, says HSL Project Manager Leena Rautanen-Saari. We hope that as many customers as possible would create an HSL account when replacing their cards. The HSL account enables customers to access all new HSL card services being developed. For example, the account enables online top up of cards and various tailored information services, she continues. The cards must be changed before the introduction of the new zone model, because the existing cards will not work in the new system.Sales point searchHSL app websiteRead more about the replacement of cards and the HSLcard 
The 28th Annual Conference of the
International Association for Dance Medicine & Science (IADMS) will bring
over 400 dance health experts to Helsinki. Altogether, Helsinki is hosting
around 300 international association meetings this year.The 28th Annual Conference of the International Association for Dance Medicine & Science (IADMS) will take place in Helsinki from Thursday 25 to Sunday 28 October 2018. This is the first year that the conference is being held in Finland, and it is expected to attract over 400 delegates, including scientists, researchers, educators, physicians, allied health professionals and students.We initiated the application process for IADMS four years ago, when it was last held in Europe. Its great to finally get to host the biggest and most important event in this field. At the same time, it gives us the opportunity to present Finlands strong expertise in dance medicine and education, says Johanna Osmala, President of Dance Health Finland.The annual conference aims to promote the health, wellbeing and exercise of professional dances by developing educational, scientific and medical expertise in this field.Attracting congresses to Helsinki has a positive social impact, as many leave a legacy in the host city in one way or another. For example, hosting the IADMS will open its doors to many Finnish experts in the field and allow them to meet their international colleagues. In addition, the Dance in Finland evening gala, which is open to everyone, will present both Finnish dance art and the contents of the conference to the general public. https://www.iadms.org/Helsinki enjoyed a record year in 2017 in terms of both tourism and congresses. Helsinki hosted a total of 367 international association meetings that were attended by almost 72,000 congress visitors last year. This year Helsinki will host an estimated 300 congresses, the majority of which were organised between May and September.Even though around a half of all congresses in Helsinki take place during the summer months, they attract visitors all year round. The total number of congress visitors depends on the number and size of events, of course, but on average between 40,000 and 50,000 congress delegates visit Helsinki each year, says Ines
Antti-Poika, Convention Director at Helsinki Marketing.According to statistics published by the International Congress and Convention Association (ICCA), Helsinki is among the leading congress cities in the Nordic region together with Copenhagen and Stockholm. The number of congresses in Helsinki has risen steadily over the past decade, and in terms of the number of delegates, Helsinki overtook Stockholm last year. The statistics also reveal that almost half of all congresses organised in Helsinki are small, with 50 to 150 delegates. Similarly, 49 percent of congresses in Helsinki are European in scale, while there are also many global and Nordic congresses. Most congresses are in the fields of medicine and science, but Helsinki also attracts more congresses in the fields of education, culture and management than the other Nordic capitals.Meetings and events
  The mayors of Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Kauniainen join a climate training campaign, which urges the residents of the Helsinki metropolitan area to make climate-friendly choices in their everyday lives. Mayors Jan
Vapaavuori, Jukka Mkel,Ritva
Viljanenand Christoffer Masar appear on climate training videos and encourage people to join, speaking about their own ways to do climate training. Climateinfo produced by Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority HSY has developed a climate training online service that anyone can join free of charge.Nearly 70 percent of Finlands greenhouse gas emissions are generated by households, and therefore residents play key roles in the efforts by cities to achieve their climate goals.
Climate change is now a household term, and an increasing number of people want to make climate-friendly choices in their lives. However, many people dont know what they should do and what kind of everyday choices really matter. Thats why we have compiled in climate training those acts that have an impact. Many of them are also quite easy to do. They are suitable both for beginners and for those who have advanced in their climate action, says Mira
Soini-Nordstrm, the project manager of HSYs Climateinfo.
  Climate training steers participants to make better everyday choices in their living, mobility, food and consumption with the help of personal trainers. Whats good for the climate is often good for you: increased daily activity to replace driving, eating less meat, sleeping in cooler rooms and ecological relaxing all advance health and wellbeing.
If youre not ready to switch your dwelling for a smaller one, to take quick cool showers and to become a vegan, climate training offers you lighter training programmes. Climate training is meant for all those interested in leading more climate-friendly lives. The training programmes take four weeks each and comprise a weekly letter, training videos, weekly tasks, a closed Facebook group and live chats. Register as a member at ilmastotreeni.fi/en/.HSYs Climateinfo encourages Helsinki metropolitan residents, housing companies and small-to-medium enterprises to act on climate change by saving energy, by using renewable energy, with food and in consumption. Climateinfo was established in 2010 to turn the climate strategies of the Helsinki metropolitan cities into action. Climateinfo operations are financed by the Cities of Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Kauniainen.The videos in which the mayors encourage residents to join climate training are in Finnish and can be found on the Climateinfo
Youtube channel.Read
more:Climate trainingHSYs
Climateinfo
JHL, The Trade Union for the Public and Welfare Sectors, has announced that it will initiate a political strike taking place 2223 October. The Culture and Leisure Division and the Helsinki Service Centre is at the focus of the strike, and hence it will have consequences for other service sectors as well. The strike will have a large impact on the various branches of municipal services and on those services provided by public utility companies. The strike commences on Monday 22 October 0.00 a.m. and it ends on Tuesday 23 October at 12.00 p.m. JHL has likewise announced that it intends to call off its overtime and change of shift ban as of 21 October at midnight in all municipal workplaces.The strike will be felt in municipal cleaning and facility maintenance, catering, but also in the sports and cultural branches.The strike could negatively affect the catering and cleaning services at schools and day-care centres that are provided by Helsinki Service Centre. The strike does not apply to hospital and healthcare catering.Some operations of the Culture and Leisure Division could be affected by the strike. In addition, the trade unions of health professionals and practical nurses Tehy and Super have announced a change of shift ban that starts Monday 22 October and ends Sunday 4 November at 11.59 p.m.EducationAll children, pupils and students will be served lunch or box lunch at day-care centres, schools, secondary schools and the Helsinki Vocational College. In case you have questions concerning the catering at schools and day-care centres during the strike, you can call the Service Centre, phone 09 310 27138, at 8 a.m.6 p.m. on 2223 October.Educational institutions where Sodexo or Faxer Amica is responsible for catering will not be affected by the strike. Culture and leisureAs far as we can tell at this point, the following services will be open for business in spite of the strike: outdoors sports facilities, Tl sports hall (Kisahalli), Liikuntamylly, Itkeskus swimming hall, Yrjnkatu swimming hall, and Oulunkyl sports park gym. The libraries, the youth centres and the museums are not included in the strike. The cultural centres, meaning Kanneltalo, STOA, Malmitalo, Vuotalo, Savoy, Caisa and Annantalo, will stay open. Changes are possible. Up-to-date information will be found on the web site of each cultural centre and on social media.The swimming halls at Pirkkola and Jakomki will be closed, with the exception of swimming for school classes, which will run as scheduled. The scheduled shifts at Pirkkola sports park have been cancelled, and the sports park gym and weightlifting room will be closed, but the Pirkkola local exercise place can be used freely during the strike.Helsinki Service CentreThere could be local variations with regard to the scope of the Helsinki Service Centre catering services at schools and day-care centres. The Service Centre will post information on its website.During the strike, you can call the Service Centre for answers concerning the strike (phone 09 310 27138) as follows: Thursday 18 October at 124 p.m., Friday 19 October at 8 a.m.4 p.m., and during the strike on 2223 October at 8 a.m.6 p.m.Palmia servicesThe strike might cause temporary changes in Palmia's operations, e.g. its facility maintenance, cleaning and catering services. The real scope of the disruptions will become clear on 22 October.The strike will have no direct effect on social and health servicesThe trade unions of health professionals and practical nurses Tehy and Super have announced a change of shift ban that starts Monday 22 October and ends Sunday 4 November at 11.59 p.m.The opening hours of the local social and health service branches will be as usual despite the change of shift ban. However, the strike might cause local service disruptions.This news story will be updated as the facts about the strike get mot precise.
  Helsinki has been elected as the Vice Chair of the EUROCITIES Economic Development Forum. Helsinki' representative at the Economic Development Forum is Deputy Mayor Pia Pakarinen. 
  EUROCITIES is the most important city networking and lobby organisation in Europe. The city network encompasses 135 cities with a population of more than 200,000. The network has six thematic forums, where the Economic Development Forum's sphere of operations includes industrial and innovation policy.The City of Nantes will take over as the Chair after Vienna's two-year Chair period. At the same time, will Helsinki start as the Vice Chair City and become the Chair of the Forum in 2020.Helsinki beat the City of Munich at the voting held in connection to the Economic Development Forum's meeting in Grenoble.The role of the cities as engines of the economy is growing and all the cities are facing similar challenges. EUROCITIES is an excellent network for developing our own ideas and for learning from others, notes Pia Pakarinen. In Helsinki, we also find it important to support an open innovation policy needed in the development of the competitiveness of the cities, an attractive labour market and lifelong learning.Eurocities Economic Develpoment Forum
Helsinki attracted close to 520,000 cruise visitors this summer, while the number of registered overnight stays was down marginally by approximately one percent compared to the previous summer.Helsinki once again set new records for cruise tourism in the summer of 2018. Helsinki attracted a total of 285 international cruise ship calls during the summer season, amounting to almost 520,000 passengers in total. Germany (25%) and the USA (24%) accounted for almost half of all cruise visitors. In 2017, by comparison, Helsinki attracted 266 cruise ship calls and 478,000 cruise visitors.The summer tourism season in Helsinki was busy in other ways too, with the number of registered overnight stays falling just short of the previous summers record. Altogether, the number of overnight stays by foreign and domestic visitors decreased by 1.3 percent during the June-August period compared to the previous year.Considering the exceptionally strong growth we had in 2017, the number of overnight stays this summer was still very impressive. Compared to 2016, for example, the number has increased by more than ten percent, says Laura Aalto, CEO of Helsinki Marketing.The strength of Helsinkis tourism sector is the broad diversity of nationalities visiting the Finnish capital. Even though the number of overnight stays by visitors from typically expanding incoming markets, such as China and Japan, has fallen, this deficit is being compensated by growing numbers of visitors from such markets as Australia and the USA.Tourism in Helsinki is growing on a healthy basis thanks not least to the diversity of nationalities coming here. The City of Helsinki wants to ensure that this growth happens in a sustainable manner and on the terms of our local residents. It is important that Helsinki is able to attract visitors who are sincerely interested in our city and who are keen to visit us again in the future, Aalto continues.Tourist Information served more than 400,000 visitors this summer. In addition to its locations in the city and at the airport, the Helsinki Helpers also served visitors outdoors in the city centre, at major events and at cruise terminals. The Helsinki Helpers began their season this year already in May and continued all the way until mid-September, serving visitors in 11 languages. Altogether they served more than 213,000 visitors, approximately 7 percent of whom were Finnish.Visitors to Helsinki in summertime are attracted by the citys proximity to nature, maritime appeal and restaurants. This year the Helsinki Helpers began their season early, which proved to be a good idea, as the cruise season also began in May and brought a lot of visitors into the city, says Mari Somero, Tourist Information Manager.Over the past couple of years, Tourist Information has introduced a new service concept and opened new locations. In addition to its new location inside the Central Railway Station, Tourist Information also served visitors at Helsinki Airport, the Stockmanns department store and the Info Container next to the Havis Amanda fountain by the Market Square.This summer our new location inside the Central Railway Station served almost 70,000 visitors. The new location was especially appreciated by visitors arriving in Helsinki by train, including from the airport, as well as by other operators inside the station. We are continuing to develop our service concept and will focus next on measuring the customer experience and growing our customer understanding, Somero continues.The City of Helsinki is committed to developing tourism over the following years on the basis of its Tourism Roadmap, which was published in June. In addition, concrete development proposals have been invited throughout the summer from local businesses and residents. These proposals will help the City of Helsinki make basic services for visitors even more effective.Helsinki was awarded at the end of September in the European Commissions new European Capital of Smart Tourism 2019 competition. Helsinki was recognised for its accessibility, sustainable tourism development, cultural heritage, digitalisation and innovation in tourism offerings.The Tourism Roadmap that we published this summer provides guidelines for further developing tourism over the coming years. In addition, we are actively engaged with local businesses and residents to ensure that we are developing in the right areas. Winning the European Capital of Smart Tourism competition was great recognition for us and demonstrates that we are on the right track, but we still have a lot of work to do. For example, the City of Helsinki will be focusing heavily on sustainable tourism in the years ahead together with tourism companies, says Jukka Punamki, Special Advisor at the City of Helsinki.Read more:
Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori has set up a working group with the task of determining the future strategy for the Helsinki Art Museum HAM. The report aims to clarify the role of the art museum's exhibition policy, of the Helsinki Biennale and of public art within the Helsinki art and culture scene and with regard to the international scene.The report will be compiled by Riitta Heinmaa, MA. The project has a steering group: HAM Museum Director Maija Tanninen-Mattila, Tommi Laitio, Executive Director of the Helsinki City Culture and Leisure Division, the Helsinki Cultural Director Tuula Haavisto, and the Helsinki Director of Strategic Projects Sanna-Mari Jntti.The art museum is fulfilling the important task of accelerating the pace by which the city evolves. The Helsinki museum scene has expanded and developed, also through new museum projects. Amos Rex is a case in point. HAM's future should be considered with respect to this changed situation.HAM, located at the Tennis Palace, has reformed its activities boldly in recent years. The museum is also the object of many expectations. Not all of them can be fulfilled within the same organisation and working in line with current operations models and resources. I welcome the evaluation gladly. HAM is the art museum of the Helsinki dwellers. It collects, exhibits and takes care of the city's more than 9,000 pieces of art. In the last 50 years it has worked successfully in various parts of the city: at the Kluuvi and Meilahti galleries and currently at the Tennis Palace in Kamppi. Through public art in many parts of the city, HAM has become part of the everyday life of the city's inhabitants. HAM's international profile will be increasingly strengthened as a result of the new biennale for public art. Thanks to international exhibitions, HAM has a strong relationship with its audience, and the threshold to come and get acquainted with visual art remains low. The changes in the surrounding world constitute an opportunity for HAM to develop its operations towards increasingly taking its audiences into consideration. The future looks bright for the city's own art museum, says Museum Director Maija Tanninen-Mattila.A high-quality art museum is part of the Helsinki strategyAccording to the city strategy, Helsinki is a diversified and internationally attractive city of arts and culture, sports and events. The city accelerates the progress of viable large events and invests in attracting and creating major cultural and sports events, as well as congresses and conferences.Helsinki speeds up its own capacity to make decisions, to predict and to react, and seeks an orderly change of rhythm in whatever it does. The efficiency of policy-making models and service processes is improved and bureaucracy is lightened. Top-quality and easily accessible cultural and sports offerings bring people together and increase mutual understanding.Helsinki is becoming increasingly important as an art city. New museums and art acquisitions remodel the city as the home of its inhabitants. Additionally, they project an image towards the international audiences.  In this framework, it is important that the role of the Helsinki Art Museum evolves and is being updated. It is especially important with respect to public art and the upcoming Helsinki Biennale. The workings of the museum were updated in 2015, which constitutes a good foundation for developing HAM further and with ambition, says Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.HAM Helsinki Art Museum
  The price of domestic water will go up at the turn of the year. Water consumption charges, the basic water fee and connection charges will increase by an average of 2 percent. Connection charges will increase by 4 percent. The increases will be used for investments to strengthen and to secure operations, such as the construction of a new water treatment plant, according to Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority (HSY), which provides regional water and waste management services.Charges for the collection and handling of recyclable waste from properties will remain the same, but charges for mixed (unsorted) waste will go up by 1.5 percent. Fees charged to customers for waste delivered to Sortti waste stations will also remain the same. New rates will be applied as of 1 January 2019.The 2-percent rate increase will translate into an increase of approximately 75 cents per month for an average household.The rate increases will enable HSY to carry out large ongoing investments, including the construction of a wastewater treatment plant in Blominmki, Espoo, and improvements in the supply network security. The mutual shares of water consumption charges and basic fees are designed to steer consumers to make cuts in their water use.Waste management charges to properties are affected by the size of waste containers and the frequency of calls to empty the containers. Residents can affect the waste management charges to their properties by recycling their waste, by reducing the total amount of waste, and by lowering the frequency of waste collection calls.Read more:HSY
It has become apparent during the ongoing modernisation of Ressu Upper
Secondary School that the building is in need of more extensive repairs than
previously expected. As such, the completion of the repairs will be delayed.
Based on the current estimate, upper secondary school pupils will be able to
return to the modernised school facilities on Kalevankatu in January 2020. Ressu will continue to operate in Laakso (Lehtikuusentie 4) for the duration of the modernisation. The return to Kalevankatu is being delayed because the ongoing modernisation has revealed repair needs that were not known back when the modernisation began. Back when the surveys and investigations to support the planning of the modernisation effort were conducted, not all of the school buildings structures could be opened or reached due to the building still being in use at the time.Completed in 1892, the Ressu Upper Secondary School building is one of the oldest school buildings in Helsinki. The ongoing repairs are part of a large-scale modernisation effort that involves renewing building services installations, improving the buildings energy-efficiency, repairing facades, windows and the roof as well as modernising the facilities in a way that supports the operations of the school and pupils learning. Learn more about RessuRessun lukio / IB World School 001419 
  Travel brochures and guidebooks about Helsinki have been published by private individuals and societies since the 1850s. The city authorities did not start to publish tourism material until the 1950s. In 1963, the Helsinki City Tourist Office, predecessor of todays Helsinki Marketing, was established. In her article in the latest issue of Helsinki Quarterly, researcher Salla Jokela examines how the brand and image of Helsinki developed throughout the decades. During the 1930s, for instance, Helsinki adopted the moniker White City of the North (Pohjolan valkea kaupunki), and this image of whiteness was understood to refer to the Cathedral and other light-coloured buildings in the city centre. In the 1960s1980s, Helsinki was often referred to as the Daughter of the Baltic in tourist brochures. There were also attempts to emphasise the perceived exoticness of Helsinki and Helsinkians, linked to the citys position at the dividing line between Europes eastern and western cultural spheres. New city brand is made of people and actionsIn the past few years, the city marketing activities in Helsinki have focussed on the creation and implementation a new city brand concept. Developed in 20152016, this concept is based on an extensive process of interaction with city residents and other local stakeholders. The process consisted, among other things, of identifying the strengths and weaknesses of Helsinki. The citizens were now brought into focus as the main content and makers of the citys brand and reputation. The current city brand has many links to earlier focus areas in city marketing, including the emphasis on interesting contrasts perceived in the natural environment and cityscape of Helsinki. According to Salla Jokela, the idea of taking the local people and their actions as the basis of the brand is a new element compared to the city marketing efforts of previous decades. Urban research in the spotlightPublished by the City of Helsinki, Helsinki
Quarterly is a journal which aims to compile the latest research findings and statistical information related to the Helsinki and its urban region. The journal appears four times per year, and the Finnish- and Swedish-language editions are published under the name Kvartti. The articles published in Helsinki Quarterly are also available online at www.kvartti.fi. The articles in the latest issue of Helsinki Quarterly deal with the increase in the number of children in Helsinki  particularly the inner city  as well as the long-term changes in childrens independent mobility in the urban environment. Other topics include the effects of the West Metro line on housing prices in the vicinity of the metro stations, the connection between the geographical proximity of businesses and employee mobility, the record-breaking year in Helsinki tourism, and the opportunities and challenges brought by new urban civic activism for the operation of the city authorities. Articles in Helsinki Quarterly 2018:Helsinki Quarterly 2018Salla Jokela: The development of Helsinkis city brand Pekka Mustonen: Helsinki tourism enjoys a record-breaking year  but what next? Pasi Menp & Maija Faehnle: Urban civic activism: solutions for the governanceof a self-organising urban community Tams Lahdelma: Geographical proximity and employee mobility in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area Oskari Harjunen: Housing market has already anticipated the effects of the West Metro Ari Niska: Number of children on the rise particularly in Inner Helsinki Veera Moll: From city streets to suburban forests  changing mobility patterns of children in Helsinki 
Infopankki.fi is a multilingual online information service that offers users a comprehensive information package about Finland in 12 languages. The website provides information for example about basic education, studies and training opportunities in Finland as well as Finnish courses.The service is intended for all immigrants who do not know Finnish. It is published by the City of Helsinki and financed by the Finnish Government and Finnish municipalities.
"The Wholesale Market's and Teurastamo's open innovation competition is looking for new ideas for developing services and diverse entrepreneurial activities and for more refined solutions. The best ideas are given 1,00050,000 for piloting new service and product innovations during winter and spring 2019. Additionally, the further development of the most innovative ideas is advanced through acquisition of research and further studies and arranging of mentoring, for example, for internationalisation.The innovation competition, funded by the City of Helsinki and Business Finland, is organised to find new technological and other innovative solutions relating to food and food production, packaging and circular economy and cleantech. The competition runs until 19 November 2018.The Wholesale Market and Teurastamo area is a lively trade centre, which offers a varied enterprise ecosystem for wholesale and an excellent operational platform for restaurants next to the Helsinki city centre and the growing neighbourhood of Kalasatama.""There are currently around 150 companies in the area, so the prerequisites for developing and piloting joint service concepts are excellent. In terms of consumer services, the area attracts food and community-minded young adults with a penchant for experimentation, as well as workers and inhabitants from the neighbouring areas"", says Project Manager of the Competition Jouni Spets from the City of Helsinki Economic Development.The innovation competition is open, for example, to students, educational institutes, startups and more established companies. The competition proposal can be a preliminary idea or a more developed concept for a product or a service.""We are looking for innovations with a local impact and, on the other hand, broader potential as well. We will also strive to carry out international pilot projects with the best solutions. There are two main themes in the competition: food, plants and the packaging solutions related to them and circular economy and logistics. Wholesale players in the green industry are also actively participating"", says Spets.There will be workshops for the participants, of which the first ones are arranged on 23 October at 01:00 PM  05:00 PM with the theme food and on 25 October at 09:00 AM  01:00 PM with the theme circular economy.The mentors for the most innovative ideas going through to the next phase are, among others, the University of Helsinki, Aalto University, Futurice and the City's enterprise service centre NewCo Helsinki.The deadline for the submission of competition ideas is 19 November 2018. At the same time, it is also possible to sign up for the workshops on the competition website:Wholesale Market's and Teurastamo's Innovation Competition  in Finnish, next week (43) also in EnglishBackground informationThe innovation competition is organised as part of the Wholesale Market's testbed and innovation platform project, financed by Business Finland and the City of Helsinki. The project works to build a platform and development environment for new and growing business activities in the Wholesale Market, Teurastamo and Kalasatama area."
Helen is building Finland's largest heat storage facility in the old oil caverns in Mustikkamaa for the storage of district heat. Demolition work will start soon, and the construction work will start in early 2019. The rock cavern heat storage facility willreduce Helen's carbon dioxide emissions by 21,000 tonnes per year.In Mustikkamaa there are three underground rock caverns, which were excavated in 1982. They were used for storing heavy fuel oil until they were finally discharged and disused in 1999. Helen is now converting two connected caverns into Finlands largest heat storage facility.Heat or surplus heat produced with a high efficiency rate will be stored in the facility when the heating need in Helsinki is not at its highest. The heat of the storage facility can be used throughout the year. Especially in the winter, it may not be necessary to start up heating plants operating on oil or gas. The heat storage facility therefore allows reduction in the use of fossil fuels. The use of renewable fuels and CHP electricity will also be increased at the same time, explains Project Manager Pivi Saajoranta. Based on computational comparisons with oil, the heat storage facility will reduce the use of fossil fuels by 1,000,000 litres of oil per year. The rock cavern heat storage facility will decrease Helens carbon dioxide emissions by 21,000 tonnes per year.The Mustikkamaa rock cavern heat storage facility will hold over 40 times as much water as the pools in the Helsinki Swimming Stadium. The facility will be filled with water from the water supply network, which will take about three months.The value of the investment is about EUR 15 million. The Mustikkamaa rock cavern heat storage facility will be completed for production use in summer 2021.Read more:Helen
  Helsinki will launch participatory budgeting with OmaStadi (my city) workshops and an OmaStadi gala held at Gloria Cultural Arena on 25 October. Everybody is welcome to join and to brainstorm for the uses of the 4.4 million euros allocated in Helsinki to participatory budgeting.
Open workshops are held in many city districts in OctoberNovember. Information on 20 workshops is available online at OmaStadi.hel.fi. Proposals for participatory budgeting projects can be posted at the site starting on a date in November to be announced later. The ideas will be worked on with citizens into a plan, which will be voted on in the spring.The City of Helsinki increases opportunities for direct democracy by allocating 4.4 million euros from the City budget to projects defined by Helsinki residents  every year. Helsinki is the first Finnish municipality that adopts participatory budgeting on such a large scale.Proposals can be posted by everybody regardless of their age and home community. Everybody aged 12 and older (turning 12 during the calendar year) can vote. The total sum available for participatory budgeting is divided among the seven major districts of Helsinki by population'sEach major district has its own borough liaison, who promotes resident initiatives and helps local networks to find each other. You can meet your borough liaison at your local workshop, and you can meet the liaison at the local city library at times listed at hel.fi/stadiluotsit (page in Finnish). Pirjo Tulikukka says that participatory budgeting is a fine, historic step from Helsinki to develop participation and local democracy. She is a citizen activist and executive director of Helka, the umbrella organization for Helsinki neighbourhood societies.I believe that when citizens are offered an opportunity to help decide on the uses of 4.4 million, many such people will join who havent shown much interest in developing their neighbourhoods or the city at large, Tulikukka says.The opening gala of participatory budgeting will be held at Gloria Cultural Arena on 25 October. The City of Helsinki invites all residents to join. The audience will be able to brainstorm for participatory budgeting proposals at the OmaStadi ideas factory. The gala will be hosted by Lotta Backlund. The audience can enjoy performances by Improvisation Theatre Stella Polaris and the city ensemble Stadin juhlaorkesteri conducted by Jan Noponen.The opening gala is open to all, but registration is required by 22 October at bit.ly/osbujuhla. Coffee is served from 17:00 onwards. The programme starts at 17:30 and ends at 19:00. The address is Pieni Roobertinkatu 1214.How could my neighbourhood become more appealing or safe? Would the area need a new sports site or better places for young people? Or should we hire a worker for one year to bring art to elderly centres? These are some of the questions to be answered in November.The citizens of Helsinki are highly creative when they are given the opportunity, Tulikukka says. An important and critical point in the process is co-creation of ideas. I have been able to test the participatory budgeting game developed to aid the process. The game seemed to be a good way to find a common vision and to promote the co-creation of ideas.To
find OmaStadi workshops, go to: https://omastadi.hel.fi/assemblies/tapahtumat?locale=enJoin
the brainstorming for ideas and see how your ideas grow into impactful actions
for the good of your city.
The international Green Shipping Summit presented the Port of Helsinki with the award for Greenest Port of the Year. The award is given for implementing environmental projects and adhering to or even exceeding the standards of regulations and environmental requirements governing the reduction of harmful emissions. Winners are selected by a vote among industry operators. The Port of Helsinki got ahead in the race by offering a discount available to cruise liners, encouraging shipping companies to discharge their waste water directly into Helsinkis sewer system. Each quay at the Port of Helsinki is well-equipped to receive waste water, and our monetary incentive proved effective. Currently, waste water is discharged during approximately 90 per cent of cruise ship calls in Helsinki, says CEO Ville Haapasaari.The awards were presented during the third international Green Shipping Summit in Amsterdam on 2 October 2018. Read more:Port of HelsinkiGSSummit.org
There is an abundance of activities that cater to many tastes during the schools' autumn holidays, which take place on 1519 October in Helsinki.Korkeasaari Zoo is open daily between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. during the autumn holidays. Every day Kurre the Squirrel will take you on an adventure around the zoo. While feeding the animals, the guides will bring you news about them and members of the equivalent species that live in the wild. Helsinki ZooThere will be a family event from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. in the Children's Traffic Park during the autumn holidays on 1519 October. The pedal cars are available during the family event. Traffic Park (in Finnish)The carnival of light festival will take place at the Linnanmki Amusement Park on 1121 October. Visitors should use public transportation when coming to Linnanmki. The Linnanmki parking lots have a very limited amount of space. LinnanmkiThroughout the Carnival of Light at Linnanmki, you can discover the amazing underwater world at the adjacent Sea Life Helsinki, which is also hosting Night of the Fish from Friday to Sunday. Sea Life Helsinki will be open from 10am to 8pm from Thursday 11 to Thursday 18 October and 10am to 10pm from Friday 19 to Sunday 21 October.The most fluffy autumn vacation event  and the most bony one  will take place at the Natural History Museum! Feel the furs and be amazed by the sculls in the museum's workshop.Natural History MuseumThe illumination of the Kruunuvuorenranta area turns the whole area into a piece of landscape art, whose highlights are various permanent and changing pieces of light art. You will find the current pieces of light art on the map (in Finnish). The Pasila street art neighbourhood offers street art that is hard to find in other parts of Finland.The map will guide you to the pieces of art. Buy a ticket to a tour with Skissi the Cat! The Ateneum Art Museum offers guided tours for children  an adventure under the eye of classic paintings. The popular Fallkulla Animal Farm is open throughout the autumn holidays from 10am to 3pm on Monday to Sunday. The farm is home to cows, sheep, goats, pigs, rabbits, horses and more, all of which you can observe and even pet. Admission is free of charge!Walk with mammoths, explore Finnish history and broaden your thinking through newest scientific knowledge. Discover a rare plant and travel across the universe. The university of Helsinkis visitor attractions are welcoming you to drop by or stay for longer.Visit the Helsinki university
Opening at the Helsinki Art Museum on Friday, Gilbert & George's The Major Exhibition will be their first significant exhibition held in the Nordic countries during the last two decades and showcases pictures exhibited for the first time in Finland.Gilbert & Georges art expresses their own array of feelings and thoughts. Their art is intended to confront, provoke, interrogate, disrupt, inspire, and even de-shock the audience. They prompt visitors to ask vital questions and reflect on their own lives and experiences, and of art.Gilbert & George are not only the creators of their art but also the central subject, or embodiment, of it. They consider themselves as one artist seeing, experiencing and celebrating life with a singular vision.Gilbert & George are the art of Gilbert & George, and life of Gilbert & George is art.To Gilbert & George, the social fabric of their metropolis is home to underlying tensions and contrasts. Inspiration for their art is drawn from life itself their emotional experiences, the human condition and the restlessness of modern life especially that of Londons East End, where they have lived and created art togetherfor over fiftyyears.
The Major Exhibition
  will consist over 50 large-scale picturesspanning decades of their art from 1991 till 2016 in an installation filling the main, upper floor galleries at Tennis Palace.The exhibition continues HAMs focus of showcasing major, solo exhibitions by internationally-renowned contemporary artists.Tickets 12/10 euro, open
  12.10.2018-24.2.2019.Read moreHAM
The monthly incomes of City of Helsinki-employed kindergarten teachers will go up by 175 euros per month as of 1 January 2019. The pay raise is based on municipal agreements and the City of Helsinki earnings development plan.Negotiations on pay raises in accordance with the general municipal collective agreement have been completed in Helsinki. As a result of these negotiations, the City of Helsinki has defined the main policies for increasing the salaries and wages of City employees. A detailed plan for pay raises will be completed in late 2018 in a process involving negotiations with employee representatives.Parallel to these negotiations, the City has been preparing its own long-term earnings development plan and how to implement this plan during 2019.The purpose of the earnings development plan is to improve the appeal of the City of Helsinki as an employer and to reward employees for good performance. The earnings of City of Helsinki kindergarten teachers will go up by 175 euros per month as of 1 January 2019. Other earnings will also go up in early childhood education, affecting other childcare staff at day care centres and in family day care as well as early childhood education supervisors. There will also be pay raises in social work, home care and many other fields.More emphasis will be laid on bonuses based on personal performance. Bonus pay will be applied to all employee groups.The budgetary allocations required by the earnings development plan are included in Mayor Vapaavuoris 2019 Budget Proposal, which was announced on 10 October 2018. 
The Ministry of Education and Culture and the City of Helsinki decided on 8 October to launch a preparation project to establish a new world-class architecture and design museum in Helsinki. The project will run until 28 February 2019.The aim is to prepare a concept plan as the basis for the State, City of Helsinki and the foundations for the Design Museum and the Museum of Finnish Architecture to decide on the further preparation of the project and the related measures. Finland is very well known for architecture and design, and by this new museum we wish to further boost our image. It is important to bring the strong expertise and unique collections of the museums to wider use. This will contribute both to tourism and to Finlands high cultural profile, says Minister for European Affairs, Culture and Sport Sampo Terho.Steering group for the projectThe project is implemented in collaboration between the foundation for the Museum of Finnish Architecture and the Architecture Information Centre and the foundation for the Design Museum. The steering group of the project, appointed by the Ministry of Education and Culture and City of Helsinki, is chaired by Anita Lehikoinen, Permanent Secretary at the Ministry of Education and Culture. The Project Leader is Tuomas Auvinen, CEO of Creader. In the preparation project a concept plan will be prepared for the new architecture and design museum. The plan will describe a shared view of the State, City of Helsinki and museums on the key objectives, practices and target visitors of the new complex and how it can be implemented in a way that represents the top international standard. Helsinki is strongly committed to carrying through internationally ambitious projects in our city. The new architecture and design museum would be an interesting addition to our already excellent offering, as well as an attractive destination for tourists. Helsinki wants to distinguish itself internationally as a world leader in architecture and design, says Mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori. Read more:A report on a world-class Museum of Architecture and Design in Helsinki  The preconditions and required measures. 
Poison Information Center open 24 hours a day 0800 147 111 (the call is free of charge).The Poison Information Center answers questions concerning the prevention and treatment of acute poisonings every day, around the clock. The Center serves the whole of Finland by telephone and provides guidance to the public and to health care professionals. The Poison Information Center does not treat patients or analyse poisons.Poison Information Center
Kivikko Skiing Hall (Savikiekontie 4)open edits doors to skiers on Monday 8 October 2018 at 8.00.Kivikko skiing hall is located just 15 minutes from the centre of Helsinki. The basic circuit of the ski track is 850 metres, with an additional loop adding another 200 metres. The width of the tracks is 68 metres. A sauna is always included in the entrance fee.During the indoor skiing season, Kivikko skiing hall offers the option to store skies. Additionally, during the halls opening hours, you can also rent skis or use the ski maintenance service.Kivikko Skiing Hall entrance hoursMonSun 8.0021.00.The skiing hall will close at 22.00.Further information https://palvelukartta.hel.fi/unit/40354
The average rent for all apartments owned by the City of Helsinki housing company Helsingin kaupungin asunnot Oy (Heka) will be 0.66 percent higher in 2019 than in 2018. However, the average rent will either go down or remain nearly unchanged for more than half of Heka apartments. The average monthly rent for a Heka apartment will be 11.69 euros per square metre in 2019.The average rent will go down markedly in dozens of Heka housing properties, and the rent increases in most others will be modest.Heka manages 481 housing properties with close to a total of 49,000 units. The average rent will go down in 216 of the properties, and the average rent will go down markedly  by more than 5 percent  in 54 of the properties. The biggest cuts in rent, averaging 67 percent, will be seen in 20 Heka housing properties. The average rent will remain nearly unchanged in 39 properties the change will be from +0.5 to -0.5 percent.The average rent will go up in 226 Heka housing properties. However, only 85 properties will see rent increases of more than 5 percent. The biggest rent increases will be in properties that have just completed large renovations, resulting in significant improvements in the quality of living. Three Heka properties will see such marked increases in rent, ranging from 8 to 10 percent.The 2019 rents are the first rents determined with the help of Hekas new rent equalization plan. Rents are equalized by area and by property on a more equal basis than before. Hekas rent levels will continue to be reasonable and markedly below the average of all rents in Helsinki.Heka housing
  Many surveys have shown that it has been safe to live and function in Helsinki. What do Helsinki residents think in 2018? It is time again for the Safety Survey. Since 2003 in Helsinki, 15-79 year olds have been asked, every third year, how they experience their own safety in the city. The surveys, the most recent of which in 2015, have shown that self-experienced security among residents has developed favourably in many respects.Varied questions on self-experienced safetyThe questions of the survey are about such things as whether respondents have been victims of crime or accidents, as also safety in your own neighbourhood, and the quality of the services of Police and the Rescue Department. Residents are also asked about safety-related matters that worry them and how they think security and liveability could be improved in the city.Some new questions have been added concerning, for example, residents concern about extremist movements and fake news, security at public events, and traffic accidents. As similar surveys are conducted in Stockholm and Copenhagen, too, we can compare how people experience their own safety in two other Scandinavian capitals as well.Large random sampleThis is the sixth time the Safety Survey is conducted. The survey form is mailed to 7,800 random-sampled Helsinki residents. It is also possible to answer online and choose language between Finnish, Swedish, Estonian, Russian and English.The survey is conducted by the City of Helsinki and the Helsinki Police Department. The findings are used when planning the work of the citys authorities and Police. Beginning in early 2019, findings will be published bit by bit in the Kvartti web journal. Later on there will also be a separate research report.More about the survey:
Helsinki safety survey
Researcher Vesa Keskinen, +358 9 310 36 296, vesa.keskinen@hel.fi  Expert Eija Pyyhti, +358 9 310 36 128, eija.pyyhtia@hel.fi Helsinki safety survey
  Helsinki Market Square will once again be buzzing with fishers, Baltic herring and seasonal delicacies, as we celebrate the week-long Helsinki Baltic Herring Market on 713 October. This year, 30 fishers will be participating by selling their products fresh from their fishing vessels and sales huts from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. from Sunday to Friday, 712 October, and from 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Saturday, 13 October. The Market Week is full of free public events for the entire family, food and islander culture as well as the unique atmosphere and traditions of seaside Helsinki.Helsinki Baltic Herring Market isone of the oldest traditional events in Finland, and it would be nothing without the dozens of fishers who participate. They arrive at the Market Square from seaside towns and land  carrying a cargo of thousands of kilos of Baltic herring. The traditional seasoned herrings and the colourful array of seasonal delicacies from juices to delightful jams and succulent islander bread will make your mouth water.Islander-style delicacies will also be sold from the traditional sailing boats Albanus,
  Vivan, Olga, Valborg and Joanna Saturna along with tales of sailing boat tradition, moored at the Market Square docks.As is customary, the Helsinki Baltic Herring Market will be opened on the first Sunday of October, as the fishers bring their Baltic herring and seasonal produce to the market. Mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori will give the citys address from the glass-walled pavilion on Keisarinluodonlaituri. The traditional opening ceremony will be kicked off with a ships bell and brass band at 11 a.m.The pop up
restaurant Siisti Silakka will be in charge of catering at the pavilion, providing visitors with modern Baltic herring treats and an extensive lunch and tasting menu throughout the week. On opening Sunday, the pavilion will be hosted by culinary trend-setter Kenneth Nars.Throughout the week, the pavilion will host public events free of charge  come and meet the Baltic Sea doctors, complete food waste assignments, taste some crickets, learn how to plant edible mushrooms, take part in the marine organisms quiz or play food waste dominos.
Marine scouts
association Korven Koukkaajat comes ashore on Keisarinluodonlaituri on Sunday. In the pavilion, you may participate in a quick scout competition, and on the pier you may take a look inside the number one vessel of the scouts, S/Y Nrpp.This year, the market will also be celebrating the fact that the first MSC certificate for sustainable fishing in Finland has been awarded to the fishing of Baltic herring and sprat.On the opening day, the Market Square will house fishing cabins and boats, as well as cafs and food vendors, and accordionist Seija Vesterinen will accompany the festive atmosphere, both at the Market Square and in the Old Market Hall. The
Old Market Hall is also open on opening Sunday as well as throughout the week, offering chocolate Baltic herring and islander bread as well as a display of fish handling skills and expertise. During the market week, the oyster bistro will be focusing on Baltic herring.The annual Silakkasoutu
rowing race with its church boats will be coming ashore on Vironallas atnoon on opening Sunday.This year, the traditional Herring Jury can be observed in the City Hall Restaurant from 11.30 a.m. to 2.30 p.m. on opening Sunday. The jury consists of Helsinki Marketing CEO Laura Aalto, one of the owners of Restaurant Nolla, fishing enthusiast Luca Balac,food writer and blogger Hanna
Hurtta,host, reporter and avid fisher and fish activist Mikko
Peltsi Peltola as well as this years layman member.The decision of the jury is set to be revealed in the pavilion at 3.45 p.m. In the City Hall Restaurant, the public may enjoy the Baltic Herring Market sea-inspired lunch made with ingredients from the garden, field and sea served for the duration of the competition.On opening day, Helsinki
City Museum puts on a programme inspired by fish and the Baltic herring market for the entire family from noon to 3 p.m.: In the guided Fish ahoy workshop, you can make your own herring or fourhorned sculpin out of paper and try your hand at ice fishing. You can also watch fishing net weaving and fly tying demonstrations during the afternoon. There will be plenty to do at the museum throughout the week in the Olden times market independent workshop, where you may examine, colour in and personalise old photographs taken at the Helsinki Baltic Herring Market.The first ever Helsinki Baltic Herring Market dance was organised at the statue of Havis Amanda in 2015, in cooperation with the Tori Quarters. The popular new tradition will be renewed this year as the dance pavilion will be located close to the sea, on Keisarinluodonlaituri.Music is provided by the familiar nautical romantics from previous years, fisher, poet and DJ Harri
Hertell and the rarely touring dance band Pyriiset.The dance starts at 6
p.m. on Thursday 11 October. The pavilion restaurant Siisti Silakka provides refreshmentsfor the duration of the event.The endearing sauna caravan Rentola will also be arriving at the market. There, you can enjoy the pleasant heat of the sauna and let your mind rest, looking out onto the sea. The roomy sauna seats approximately 15 people and the excellent heat is provided by an Iki sauna stove.Helsinki Baltic
Herring Market programme 2018 Helsinki Baltic
Herring Market  713 October 2018 Sunday to Friday from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m., Saturday from 7 a.m. to 3 p.m.
http://stadinsilakkamarkkinat.fi/enHelsinki Baltic Herring Marketon Facebookandon
Instagram#herringmarket #ihansilakkana
  YITs proposal Trigoni has been put forward as the winner of the Pasila Tower Area architecture and implementation competition. The competition assessment panels proposal concerning the winner of the competition will be processed later this year by the decision-making bodies of Helsinki and the Finnish government. The Helsinki High-Rise competition, organised by the Finnish Government organisation Senate Properties and the City of Helsinki, sought a high-quality design to form the basis of the city plan for the Tower Area, as well as an implementer for the so-called Start-Up Area, where the construction of the Tower Area is planned to begin. The winner is selected based on city planning criteria. Proposal Trigoni comprises nine tower buildings to be built on the south side of Pasila Bridge. Five of the towers are to be built west of Veturitie, one will be built in the central area and the remaining three are to be built on the east side of the track. Two of the towers, comprising 51 and 40 stories respectively, are to be located in the so-called Start-Up Area, from where construction will begin. The highest floors of these two towers will consist of apartments, while the lower floors will house offices and a hotel. The towers will be encircled by a 23-story base portion and also include underground facilities under the pedestrian areas, which will house additional business premises and a spa, among others facilities. The nine towers will all be built around a central public plaza, which will end up roughly level with Pasila Bridge.YITs competition entry provides us with an excellent basis for versatile and dense urban development. The Tower Area will be a fine addition to Pasila, which is being built up into an important traffic hub and a lively centre for employment, housing and urban living. By 2040, Pasila will be home to approximately 30,000 residents and provide jobs for more than 50,000 people, says Mayor of Helsinki
  Jan Vapaavuori.The impressive results of the Tower Area competition are yet another great example of the power of collaboration between the City, the Finnish government and the private sector. The aim of the development of Central Pasila is to improve the competitiveness of Helsinki and the entire metropolitan area, which the area has excellent potential to do thanks to its location near Helsinki city centre, in the middle of a public transport node and within easy reach of Helsinki-Vantaa Airport,  states CEO of Senate Properties Jari Sarjo.According to the assessment panel, Trigoni constitutes a sculptural complex that strongly contributes to the areas identity. The group of uniform buildings looks especially harmonious when viewed from the direction of Kalasatama and the city centre. The proposal was also praised for how the lower base portion encircling the western towers contributes to the creation of a sheltered and pleasant urban environment.Competition
results and transfer of property to be confirmed by the City Council and
ParliamentThe final decision concerning the selection of the winner and the implementation contract for the Start-Up Area will be made by Helsinki City Council and the Parliament of Finland. Following the decision, a contract will be drawn up with the winner concerning the purchase of the Start-Up Area and the implementation of the proposed building complex. The Start-Up Area, located south of Pasila Bridge between Pasilankatu and Veturitie, has a permitted building volume of approximately 67,000 floor square metres, encompassing commercial premises, office spaces and homes.The winning proposal will be used as the basis for preparing a city plan that will serve as the framework for the development of the Start-Up Area. Construction is planned to begin in 20202021.The actual Tower Area encompasses an area south of Pasila Bridge, between Pasilankatu and Ratapihantie, entailing 150,000200,000floor square metres of residential, office and shop space. The competition entries can also be utilised in the further planning of the central and eastern parts of the Tower Area. Winning entry picked
based on architectural quality and functionalityThe entries were assessed by the competition assessment panel, featuring representatives of Senate Properties and the City of Helsinki. Also involved in the assessment work were representatives nominated by the Finnish Association of Architects SAFA and other experts. In the second stage of the competition, the proposals were assessed on the basis of their architectural quality and functionality. This assessment encompassed aspects such as originality, the pleasantness of the urban environment and the functionality of pedestrian and traffic arrangements.A total of ten proposals were submitted in the first stage of the competition, of which eight were approved for assessment. Of these proposals, four were selected for the second round on the basis of the quality assessment. Of the four competitors selected for the second round, two ultimately submitted binding offers. The Pasila Tower Area competition is based on the Central Pasila component master plan, which was approved by the City Council in 2006, and the clarifying town planning proposal, which was approved by the City Planning Committee in 2012. The competition programme prepared by the City and the Finnish state was approved by the City Council in 2017. The planning proposals recognised in the competition will be displayed at the city planning information and exhibition space Laituri, located in the old Kamppi bus station, for the month of November.Helsinki city centre
expanding northwardsRead more:Pictures of the winning proposal and a map of the competition areaThe Helsinki High-Rise competitionPasila  The Heart of New Helsinki videoHelsinki New Horizons  PasilaTrigoni, YIT
  According to new principles of participatory budgeting approved by the Helsinki City Board at its meeting of 1 October, budgeting proposals should be in line with the City of Helsinki values and strategy, and the projects proposed should be feasible within the City authorities. In addition, the projects should ideally improve the functionality, appeal, dynamism, safety or communal values of the city neighbourhoods in question, with due attention to local circumstances and resources. Participatory budgeting projects are defined annually.Through participatory budgeting, the City will allocate 4.4 million euros annually to the implementation of ideas proposed by citizens. The sum will be divided among the seven main districts of the City in proportion to population. Any private Helsinki individual and any Helsinki community can propose development ideas for their neighbourhoods. Proposals selected as candidates for implementation are voted on. Every Helsinki resident aged 12 or older has the right to vote (turning 12 in the year of voting).According to plan, the brainstorming stage for the first participatory budgeting round will be launched in November 2018. The ideas proposed, information on voting and related news will be published online and can be found in late 2018 at https://omastadi.hel.fi/?locale=en.Participatory budgeting is a means for the City to put into practice its principles of participation and interaction. The goal with participatory budgeting is to strengthen the opportunities of citizens to make their voices heard, to promote equality and to increase the general understanding of how municipalities operate. 
The Helsinki City Board decided to propose to the City Council that the Council confirm the principles of leasing the plots in which land lease agreements will terminate in 2020 and 2021. Approximately 750 land lease agreements on residential plots will terminate in 20202021.In addition, the City Board considered at its meeting alterations to the detailed plan for Mannerheimintie 162, choices for committee members and plot reservations.City Board
The City of Helsinki will launch an experiment testing youth participation and right to speak at the meetings of the four divisional committees of the City. The groundwork for the experiment will be laid out during the autumn season on the basis of experiences gathered from other cities in similar operation and in cooperation with the Helsinki Youth Council. According to the Helsinki City Strategy, every Helsinki resident has the right to act for the benefit of their community.We build a better Helsinki together. This experiment seeks to produce new information on how to strengthen youth participation in decision-making, says Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.The actual experiment will be launched at the beginning of 2019 and run through the first half of the year.
The Helsinki Youth Council seeks to make the voices of young people better heard in Helsinki. The Youth Councils mission is also to support youth participation. Further, the Youth Council seeks to strengthen the impact of youth action in the city as well as in the planning, execution and monitoring of the operations of the City of Helsinki divisions.The committee experiment was proposed to the City by the Youth Council Chair Jim Koskinen, Vice Chair Kaapo Haapanenand members Evi KoivunenandKasper Rautalinko.The Youth Council should be present where decisions are made. We will now be able to exert a more tangible influence in Helsinki, says Rautalinko on behalf of the Helsinki Youth Council working group.The goal of the Helsinki
City Strategy is to keep every young person aboard. Helsinki will also strengthen its international role as a pioneer in participation and transparency. The City promotes a dialogue between all parties and activates the more vulnerable citizens to participate.
The Helsinki Youth Council is a participation body for young people required by the Municipal Act. The 30 members of the Youth Council are elected in annual elections. Every 13- to -17-year-old Helsinki resident is entitled to vote.Candidates for the 2019 Youth Council should register their candidacy by 7 October at ruutivaalit.munstadi.fi (note that the page is in Finnish and Swedish only). The elections are held on 1230 November.Read more:Youth Council (formerly known as Ruuti Core Group) Youth Council elections (in Finnish and Swedish)
There may be cancellations to Metro and tram services due to a ban on overtime and shift swaps announced by the Trade Union of the Public and Welfare Sectors. Metro and tram services are operated by Helsinki City Transport HKL. Most of HKLs drivers are members of JHL.The number of cancelled services will vary from day to day according to the number of drivers available. For example, services will be cancelled if the driver falls ill and there is no spare driver. Because of the ban on shift swaps, HKLs possibilities to determine which services are cancelled are limited.HSL will inform passengers of cancelled services and other disruptions to services online and via the Disruption info service.Helsinki Region Transport
The ports of Tallinn and Helsinki together with the City of Helsinki and the passenger ship operators Tallink, Viking Line and Ecker Line obtained EUR 21.4 million EU funding within the 2017 CEF Transport Blending Call for proposals for financing their infrastructure investments. The total cost of the planned investments is EUR 71.2 million.Valdo Kalm, CEO of Port of Tallinn said that Tallinn-Helsinki line is one of the busiest international passenger-lines in the world  it serves nearly nine million passengers per year while trucks and trailers carry over four million tons of cargo per year. The flows of traffic and passengers between the two cities have been constantly growing for a decade already. Therefore, the project is crucial for both cargo and passenger flows to ensure the smooth traffic between Helsinki and Tallinn, explained Mr. Kalm.The previous two TWIN-PORT projects mainly consisted of building and development of the passenger terminals in Helsinki and Tallinn, opening the Muuga-Vuosaari ro-ro line and bringing a new LNG-fueled ferry MS MEGASTAR to serve Tallinn-Helsinki line. The current TWIN-PORT 3 project will concentrate on reducing the environmental impact of the increasing RoPax traffic and continues improving the multimodal transport link between Helsinki and Tallinn.There are several traffic investments planned in connection with the Helsinki West Harbour by improving the transportation system and thus reducing congestion on the last-mile. With EU support some streets in Helsinki will get new lanes, the tram routes will be improved and a new bridge connecting the harbour area will be constructed. We will build a new multimodal solution close to West Terminal 2 to connect different modes of transport seamlessly with ferries. These investments will have a significant impact to the passenger journey and traffic smoothness on the whole Helsinki-Tallinn maritime link, Ville Haapasaari, CEO of the Port of Helsinki noted.Auto-mooring and on-shore power supply systems will be installed to the Old City Harbour in Tallinn and to the West Harbour in Helsinki to reduce noise and air pollutant in port areas. The ship operators will retrofit its RoPax ferries to be able to shut down the auxiliary engines while in port, resulting in quiet operations, without vibration or CO2 exhaust gases and air pollutants.Optimization of the process means a significant reduction of environmental impact. The planned on-shore power and automooring systems will reduce air pollution and noise emissions at the ports, which affects positively mainly the residents and businesses in the port area, said Valdo Kalm.The Port of Tallinn will also upgrade its safety systems and continue constructing sewerages to enlarge the sewage receiving service to all the passenger ships quays.In addition, Tallinks vessel MS Megastar will be fitted with batteries that will be re-charged during the voyage and give further possibilities to operate the vessel via electricity while berthing.TWIN-PORT 3 project will involve the period 2018-2023. Largest investments will be made by the Port of Helsinki and the City of Helsinki, EUR 24 million and EUR 27 million respectively. The Port of Tallinn will invest EUR 16 million and the ship operators EUR 4 million in total.Read moreEU supports the infrastructure developments on Tallinn-Helsinki maritime link TWIN-PORT with EUR 21.4 million 
Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori's resident evening is arranged at Konepajan Bruno on Thursday 4 October at 07:00 PM. During the evening, the participants can ask the City of Helsinki's Executive Directors and the Mayor questions concerning Alppiharju. The event ends at 08:30 PM. By showing up earlier at 05:30 PM at the Pop Up Alppiharju event market, the visitors can exchange thoughts with the experts in charge of the drafting and implementation of local policies. Information about current issues in the area can also be obtained at the stands of the City divisions.Questions to the Executive Directors of the City division and to the experts can be submitted in advance to the organisers of the event on the web. The event is organised by the Helsinki City Executive Office in collaboration with Alppila Seura, Hermanni-Vallila Seura and the Konepaja movement. A message board will be made available to the participants in the Mayors resident evening.The resident evenings are broadcast live and available later as recordings on the Helsinki channel. The Mayor's resident evening is arranged at: Konepajan Bruno, Aleksis Kiven katu 17 A. Konepajan Bruno's caf is open during the resident evening. Childcare for children over 3 years old.#pormestarinasukasiltaRead more:Voice your opinion - questionnaireFacebook event invitationPrevious resident evenings on the Helsinki channel
The light artwork Oil Silo 468 in Kruunuvuorenranta opens its doors to the pubic during three weekends in the autumn. The artwork is a fixed light and landscape artwork. The remaining steel silo has been turned into a covered event venue. A total of 2012 perforations have been made in the steel shell of the silo, which makes it glow like a lantern when the LED lights go on and off. The rhythm of the lights is dictated by the speed of the wind. The light artwork lights up after sunset. During the early evening, the artwork glows in white and as evening turns into night, the light becomes red. The name Oil Silo 468 refers to the Kruunuvuorenranta area's period as an oil harbour, which lasted for almost 90 years. The artwork was designed by lighting designer Tapio Rosenius of the Lighting Design Collective. The artwork, which has won several lighting design awards, was realised as a World Design Capital Helsinki 2012 project.The oil silo is open in the autumn as follows:2223 September from 6 to 9 PM29-30 September from 6 to 9 PM6-7 October from 6 to 9 PMFacebook eventFurther information about the silo
Forum Virium Helsinki has trained guides specialising in the areas of Kalasatama and Jtksaari to showcase the architecture and smart solutions of these two rapidly developing city districts.The guides listed below have undergone a training course organised in collaboration between Forum Virium Helsinki and Helsinki Marketing, as part of which they have familiarised themselves with the districts smart city development.You can reserve a guided tour by contacting the guides directly to enquire about the price of the tour and a suitable time. The typical cost of a tour is approximately 200/12 hours. The guides operate as freelancers, setting the prices of their tours themselves and billing their clients directly.Kalasatama  Helsinkis Smart City model areaKalasatama is a relaxed place right next to Helsinki city centre, in the eastern inner city area. In the future, the areas coasts and channels will be circled by a long coastal promenade, while the central park in the area, Kalasatama Park, serves as a meeting place for all residents. Previously a harbour and industrial area, Kalasatama has been transformed into a residential district of 3,000 inhabitants, with further development underway. The district is scheduled to be fully completed by 2040, at which point it will house 25,000 inhabitants and 10,000 jobs.The area also serves as a testing ground for experiments in new and smart urban development. Smart Kalasatama is being developed flexibly and through trials in collaboration with the areas residents, companies, the City and other actors. In addition to this, Kalasatama is also a forerunner of Helsinkis climate goals. The aim is to create a district that uses resources in such a smart way that residents get an additional hour of free time per day. These developments will also give rise to new urban services, innovations and businesses. Jtksaari  a testing ground for smart mobility solutionsJtksaari is being built on the south-west tip of Helsinki as an extension of the inner city by the sea. Jtksaari is a district characterised by a wide range of services, brick and mortar stores, extensive tram connections and functional cycling and pedestrian routes. Jtksaari is also an internationally notable traffic hub, the vitality of which is only further increased by the presence of the busiest passenger harbour in Europe. Once completed, Jtksaari will have homes for 21,000 residents and jobs for 6,000 people.Jtksaari is also a testing ground for new mobility solutions and a showcase for smart transport to the rest of the world. In Jtksaari, new mobility services and technologies are developed in close collaboration with residents, companies based in Helsinki and universities.Book a Smart City Tour to Kalasatama and Jtksaari by contacting the guides listed here.Smart Kalasatama, a brownfield district in Helsinki is a vivid Smart City experimental innovation platform to co-create smart&clean urban infrastructure and services. Smart Kalasatama is developed flexibly and through piloting, in close co-operation with 200 + stakeholders including residents, companies, city officials and researchers.Read more:Forum viriumFiksu Kalasatama
The autumn art season of Helsinki is well underway. Many new exhibitions have already been opened, and October will see more openings.THE MAJOR EXHIBITIONof the British artist duo Gilbert & George will be their first significant exhibition held in the Nordic countries in the last two decades and present pictures exhibited for the first time in Finland. The exhibition opens at HAM Helsinki Art Museum on 12 October.Gilbert
& Georg at HAMHAM will also present I Was Waiting for You  Paavo
Westerbergs selection from the Bcksbacka Collection. Ulla Jokisalos Imaginations
of Freedom is an exploration of the ways the artist has exercised her freedom.
Exhibitions at HAMHelsinki City Museums Villa Hakasalmi has on display Carefree Capital  Scenes from
1920s Helsinki, which illustrates the flamboyancy and exuberance of Helsinki in the 1920s, a time characterized by fervent energy and big dreams.
CapitalThe main exhibition at Ateneum over the winter season 20182019 isUrban
Encounters  Finnish Art from the 20th Century.This diverse exhibition explores migration and urbanization in Finland in the early decades of the 20th century. Dont miss Stories of Finnish
Art during your visit!Urban EncountersGreat feelings, passion and dramatic performances are now on display at Sinebrychoff Art Museum.Moved to Tears 
Staging EmotionsDidrichsens autumn exhibition presents works by the Belgian-English artist A. W. Finch from the 1880s to the 1920s. This is the first solo exhibition of Finch in nearly 30 years.
Finch at DidrichsenAn exhibition opening at the National Museum of Finland on 12 October challenges the audience to reflect on man as part of the ecosystem and the relationship between man, matter and objects.Man,
Matter, MetamorphosisIn October, the two topmost floors of Kiasma will be reserved for the art ofAnn
VeronicaJanssens. Born in Great Britain, Janssens currently lives in Brussels and works with light.Ann Veronica
JanssensOpening on 12 October, Design Museum will display work by the Austrian-born architect and designer Josef Frank (1885 1967) in architecture, urban planning and furniture and textile design.Josef FrankThe Theatre Museum opens an exhibition on Finnish author and playwright Alexis Kivi on 10 October. The exhibition sheds new light on Kivi through different viewpoints as an educated and unbiased artist who spoke several languages and had a sharp vision.Theatre MuseumA joint exhibition by the Aalto University School of Architecture and the Museum of Finnish Architecture, Interplay of Cultures, will be on display through the autumn season and the first two months of 2019. The exhibition presents cultural snapshots from a number of countries as well as student designs and projects in those countries.Interplay of CulturesKunsthalle Helsinki has on display an exhibition of works by David Hockney until late November, organized in cooperation with Helsinki Festival. Hockney is one of the worlds most distinguished contemporary artists. His works are now exhibited more widely than ever before in Finland.David Hockney at
Kunsthalle HelsinkiThe Amos Rex art museum, which opened doors at the end of August, is Helsinkis Number One museum destination of the autumn season. The opening exhibition by teamLab will be on display until January 2019. The art collective is known for their immersive digital installations that engulf the viewers.Amos RexThe Finnish Museum of Photography displays works by Swedish photographer JH Engstrm until November. Engstrm is known for his personal photographic series, in which he has expressively documented himself and those around him. The exhibition and a related book are produced by Photobooks from Finland. Both are based on collective creation. Eight artists were selected to the project in the spring of 2018. The underlying theme is the Finnish landscape.Finnish
City of Helsinki Sports Services will be paying back the deposits for keys to the lockers in the gym at Kumpula Outdoor Swimming Pool and the harbour gates of the boat harbours in connection with key returns between 1 October and 30 November 2018.Sports Services (formerly the Sports Department) has forgone the collection of key deposits, and customers now have the opportunity to have the deposit returned by proving their identity and returning their key by Friday 30 November. The keys must be returned to the main cash desk of Tl Sports Hall, Paavo Nurmen kuja 1 E. The desk is open on weekdays 916.Further informationReservation of boat spacesTel. 09 3 108 7900 (914)venepaikkavaraukset@hel.fi
The City of Helsinki will launch a physical activity programme intended to make Helsinki residents move more and sit less. The programme has a positive message: Even modest physical activity is beneficial.
Were not talking about more sports but more physical activity, Mayor Jan Vapaavuori says. Surveys show that people spend the majority of their waking hours physically immobile, by sitting or lying down. This is a big health risk. We want to make Helsinki residents aware that everyday physical immobility is a much bigger problem than skipping a sports class.Its no longer taken for granted that even all children learn the basic skills and habits of physical activity. The message has been received with alarm. We want to make sure that all people in Helsinki are well, Mayor Vapaavuori continues explaining the background of the new programme.Direct and indirect costs to the national economy related to physical immobility, such as health care costs, decreased productivity, disability and premature deaths, are estimated to be at least three billion euros in Finland annually. Physical immobility is the fourth most common underlying cause of death from long-term illness, surpassed only by high blood pressure, smoking and high blood sugar.Myself, I will continue to walk between places and to work, as well as paying attention to how much I sit down. I try to get up every time when I answer the phone, Mayor Vapaavuori asserts enlisting his own ways to increase physical activity.Increased physical activity is included in the Helsinki City Strategy as one of the City Councils top-priority projects during the current Council term 20172021. In practice, this involves collaboration with civic organizations, communities, sports societies, enterprises and residents. The urban environment is developed in ways that encourage people to move and to increase their everyday physical activity, and all City of Helsinki services will develop their own ways to increase physical activity.The most visible part of the programme is the new marketing campaign that were launching. The campaign will focus on awareness building and changing attitudes. Our premise is that even low levels of physical activity are beneficial, and everybody can increase their physical activity, whether it has to do with climbing the stairs instead of using the elevator, bicycling to work or holding their neck straight when browsing their smartphone. The health benefits are immediate, says Minna Paajanen, the manager of the City of Helsinki physical activity prigramme.The programme pays special attention to children, youth, the elderly and those with little physical activity. Physical immobility touches the majority of us. Surveys show that not even those children participating in regular supervised activities move enough for good health. That is why we need changes in our everyday lives, too, Paajanen says.Physical activity programme  Use
"Following a successful collocated event in Sitges in May 2018, HIMSS and Health 2.0 continue to strengthen their ties and choose one of the most innovative countries worldwide to host the 2019 conference. The HIMSS & Health 2.0 European Conference will be held on 11-13 June 2019 in Helsinki, the capital of Finland. The conference will bring the best of both worlds: HIMSS knowledge, expertise and thought leadership in healthcare digitisation and Health 2.0s network of entrepreneurs and investors, showcasing the latest cutting edge and innovative health tech solutions.Over the course of the three days, the conference will focus on five overarching topics:Integrating health and social careEnabling homecare for healing and ageing in placePromoting a secure, ethical and actionable flow of data for prevention, population health management, personalized health and researchBeyond the AI buzz: what can AI deliver today and are we really readyOpportunities and challenges of opening innovationThe three-day event is supported and organised in conjunction with a number of Finnish organisations, including: The Finnish Ministry of Social Affairs and Health, SITRA (The Finnish Innovation Fund), Business Finland, The City of Helsinki, The University of Helsinki, HUS Helsinki University Hospital, OuluHealth, Turku Science Park and Messukeskus Helsinki, Expo and Convention Centre. Antti Kivel, Director, Capacity Renewal, SITRA, said: Finland is one of the leading countries in innovation, data and healthcare, and we look forward to sharing our journey at the conference next year. HIMSS and Health 2.0 always put the patient and the citizen in the drivers seat when discussing health and care. This is a vision we fully support in Finland, and is one of the reasons we are delighted to be hosting next years flagship digital health event.""The HIMSS & Health 2.0 European Conference will provide a unique opportunity to connect the players in the field of health and care. Networking and bringing like-minded professionals together is one of the main objectives of the conference. Bruce Steinberg, EVP for HIMSS International, said: The Nordic region is one of the most socially advanced and digitally mature regions worldwide. Taking our conference to Finland is an absolute privilege, and will give many of us the opportunity to learn from groundbreaking digital health transformation first hand.""Bringing HIMSS & Health 2.0 under the same roof in Europe has proven to be the key ingredient for success. Health 2.0 attracts entrepreneurs, investors and healthcare business executives showcasing new product demos. HIMSS Europe brings high-level decision makers and thought leaders to the conversation. Together, in addition to engaging with each other, hearing about real best practices and learning new skills, delegates will get a unique chance to see some of the technologies that are making a positive difference to patients right now.""Pekka Sivonen, Director of Digitisation, Business Finland, added: We currently have over 500 companies in the health tech sector and this number is growing more than 10% annually. The Finnish healthcare reform is the most significant in history across the globe. We are redistributing finances and pushing through 140 new laws, including a law of the secondary use of health-related data. We have a tremendous story to tell the visitors of the HIMSS & Health 2.0 European Conference in June 2019.""The conference is expected to gather thousands of professionals in the healthcare sector and the digital health start-up ecosystem. The event will feature world-class speakers who will address the hottest topics in digital health today. The event will also be a platform which will offer guidance and a roadmap based on future trends, with the common goal of improving healthcare through information and technology together.More informationHIMSS & Health 2.0 "
The REDI shopping centre in Kalasatama, which opened doors on 20 September, is accompanied by new park and ride spaces for cars and bicycles at REDI and the Kalasatama Metro station. There is now parking for 300 cars and 224 bicycles.The park and ride for cars is located in the REDI parking facility at levels K5 and K6. The park and ride shares spaces with the REDI customer parking: park and ride spaces are reserved for the use of public transport customers from 6:0017:30 (6 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.) on weekdays at all other times the spaces can be used by REDI customers. The parking fee in park and ride spaces during the hours reserved for park and ride is 2 euros. The fee may change after the rate of utilization of the spaces is known. Park and ride parking may be continued after 17:30, but normal hourly fees of the parking facility apply.Available park and ride spaces can be accessed with a valid Helsinki Region Transport (HSL) travel card, which is checked at the entrance gate. The travel card must carry a valid adult season ticket or sufficient value. The number of available spaces can be seen on street-level displays at the entrance to the parking facility. In the future, available spaces can also be checked on the HSL Journey Planner.The park and ride spaces are managed by Helsinki City Transport (HKL), as a City of Helsinki representative, and operated by Q-Park.The opening of REDI also saw the opening of a modern park and ride facility for bicycles at the Kalasatama Metro station, located on the street of Hermannin rantatie. The facility can be accessed directly from the Metro through the lower level entrance hall.The park and ride for bicycles is a locked facility that can be used with an HSL travel card. There are 224 parking spaces placed on two levels. The facility can be used throughout the Metro operating hours and, for the sake of safety, it closes for the night when the Metro stops running. Park and ride for bicycles is free of charge.
Helsinki has taken first place in the European Commissions new European Capital of Smart Tourism 2019 competition. The title for 2019 was awarded to two cities: Helsinki and Lyon. The final selection took place on 24 September 2018 in Brussels, where Pia Pakarinen, Deputy Mayor of Helsinki, and Laura Aalto, CEO of Helsinki Marketing, presented Helsinkis winning entry under the theme Helsinki  taking smart to new heights.Helsinki as a city is committed to promoting sustainable development and is showing the way in this regard also within the tourism sector in Europe. Over the coming year we will formulate a sustainable tourism action plan that will further strengthen our role as a pioneer in this joint project, says Deputy Mayor Pia Pakarinen.Factors that were evaluated in choosing the European Capital of Smart Tourism included city image, accessibility, sustainable tourism, digitalisation in tourism services, cultural heritage and innovativeness in tourism offerings.Helsinki is showing the way internationally. Helsinkis success in this competition was made possible by our reinforced image as an attractive and functional city destination. In addition, our long-term work in offering and utilising open data has clearly become one of our leading success factors. For example, our award-winning city marketing website Myhelsinki.fi demonstrates Helsinkis digital leadership, says Laura Aalto, CEO of Helsinki Marketing.In the second half of next year, when Finland will hold the EU Presidency, Helsinki will have an excellent opportunity to present its expertise also in sustainable tourism. In addition, Helsinki will host the World Tourism Cities Federation Summit in August 2019, when the eyes of the international travel media and global tourism experts will be firmly on our city.Background information about the European Capital of Smart Tourism 2019 competitionThe European Capital of Smart Tourism competition is a new initiative by the European Union that aims to promote smart tourism in the EU, network and strengthen destinations, and facilitate the exchange of best practices.Altogether 38 cities from 19 EU Member States participate in the inaugural competition. Helsinki competed in the final selection with Brussels, Ljubljana, Lyon, Malaga, Nantes, Palma, Pozna, Tallinn and Valencia.The award ceremony will take place in connection with European Tourism Day in Brussels on 7 November 2018.More informationEuropean Capital of Smart Tourism My Helsinki
  Four educational institutions in Helsinki have been selected to conduct a study on factors contributing to good indoor air in a project by the VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland and Aalto University. Using measurements and feedback surveys, the researchers will investigate the kind of indoor air conditions people find pleasant.In Helsinki, the Myllypuro Comprehensive School (Lower Stage), the Kaisaniemi Primary School, the Keinutie Primary School in Kontula and the Meritalo unit of Helsinki Vocational College will participate in the study.The city will procure sensors for the buildings being studied they will be used to measure the temperature, carbon dioxide content, relative humidity, volatile organic compounds, particulates and the differential pressures between outdoor and indoor air.Measurement data will be transferred wirelessly from the sensors to the new system that monitors the consumption and conditions, and then send the visualised data to the researchers and the city. At the same time, the experiences and observations of the users of the facilities, concerning indoor air quality, will be collected.This kind of monitoring in Helsinkis schools is new. Previously, measurements, such as these, have only been taken in the short term, and we have not had much real-time data available, says Senior Advisor Marianna
Tuomainen, Urban Environment Division.The project aims to discover universally applicable results that could be used more extensively for the building stock. The project does not study mould or microbial damage it examines indoor climate conditions, such as temperature or the functioning of the ventilation, which have a large impact on what indoor air feels like.The sensors will be installed in the premises being studied from November to December, at which time the users of the premises will be instructed on how to give feedback. The research project will end in the spring of 2019 but, the aim is to keep using the sensors, even after the project ends. Sensors may also be installed in other city buildings. Collecting measurement data is useful, even without user feedback. The aim is to develop this into a new tool for property management and our indoor air experts, says Marianna Tuomainen.The studies are being implemented as a part of the Smart &
Clean  cost-efficient spaces with high quality indoor air project. In addition to Helsinki, participants include the cities of Vantaa and Espoo as well as Aalto University. The project is one of the actions for change in the metropolitan area, by the Smart & Clean Foundation. It is coordinated by VTT and its main financier is the Helsinki-Uusimaa Regional Council.Additional
information:VTT press release, 18 September 2018: The VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland and Aalto
July 2018, the City of New York became the first city in the world to submit to the United Nations its progress toward the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) on city level. As the first European city Helsinki will follow New York City and become the second city in the world in effort to showcase crucial role of cities in achieving UN agenda for people, prosperity and planet.The Mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori announced Helsinkis commitment to the voluntary local review at a panel conversation with New York Citys Commissioner of International Affairs Penny Abeywardena at the Social Good Summit in New York City on Sunday.Even though Agenda 2030 is a state-level agreement, the success of the SDGs depends heavily on the implementation done by cities. Urban centers are growing in numbers and influence  they play a critical role in championing change and effective execution. The most challenging issues of the world will increasingly be solved on city level.Helsinki wants to stand out as a forerunner in local implementation of global responsibility. The Helsinki City Strategy and the Sustainable Development Goals have many aspects in common. Voluntary city level review will make Helsinkis development transparent and makes global comparisons possible. Open sharing of the review can also point out weaknesses in Helsinkis work. This information is valuable to the city, said Mayor Vapaavuori at the Social Good Summit.Commitment to the city level review will create a possibility for new strategic international comparisons for Helsinki. It will also promote international co-operation and relevance. Above all, it will bring the SDGs to a concrete level within the city framework. The reporting will be transparent and illustrative, making citizens better informed and more empowered regarding Helsinkis achievements in sustainable development. The accomplishments of the de Blasio administration provide a blueprint for how to make local progress toward the global Sustainable Development Goals, and New York City congratulates Helsinki on announcing its commitment to share a review of its progress with the United Nations, said Penny Abeywardena, Commissioner of the New York City Mayors Office for International Affairs. As our discussion at the Social Good Summit showed, cities and local communities are crucial to the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals, and we can accomplish more when we work together and learn from each other. New York City is thrilled to have Helsinki as a new partner in this effort, and we call on other cities to join us in making the commitment to report their local progress on the Sustainable Development Goals. According to its strategy, Helsinki wants to be the leading city in the world in opening and utilizing data. Voluntary review is a bold new step in this development. Helsinki also wants to set an example to other cities around the world and hopes that this city level engagement will continue to grow.More information:Helsinki City Strategy  Published in September 2017 The Most Functional City in the World: Helsinki City Strategy 20172021 sets the ambitious goals for the citys development.
  The City of Helsinki organizes a visualization competition of the city boulevards for students. The competition time is 24.9.19.11.2018, and the competition is open to Master's level students in all Finnish universities.The new Helsinki City Plan sets direction for the city's development. In the plan, the current city center will expand northwards as the motorway-like areas are transformed into city boulevards. The character of the existing thoroughfares will be changed from routes conveying fast automobile traffic into streets serving multiple modes of transport within a mixed urban structure. With the new City Plan, and the bold aim for carbon neutrality by 2035, the City of Helsinki wants to set an example as the most functional city in the world - with the most functional city boulevards.As a part of the planning process, interpretations of the future city boulevards are collected. What could a city boulevard look like as a human-centered urban environment? What is the concept of Helsinki's own unique urban streetscape? What is the meaning of digitalization for the users of the city boulevards? In order to answer to these questions, the City of Helsinki organizes a visualization competition of the city boulevards for students.Competition program and additional information are available on the competition website www.hel.fi/suunnittelukilpailutRead more: Competition material
The City of Helsinki, Nokia and Elisa intensify their co-operation in the development of 5G test environments. In a memorandum of understanding signed this week, the parties agree upon measures to speed up the development of 5G networks in Helsinki. The objective is to make Helsinki the leading smart city in Europe, with the best mobile network and services in the world.Helsinki aims to be the city that best capitalises on digitalisation. Even faster and more reliable network connections play a significant role in reaching that goal. 5G network allow for smaller latencies and bigger data transfer capacities. This creates possibilities for even better and more individualised services. Finland is the world leader in terms of mobile data usage and we want the Finns to be among the first to experience the possibilities of 5G as well. With 5G, it is possible to develop entirely new kinds of applications  for example, for traffic and health care  that bring remarkable improvements to people's everyday lives. We are proud that Elisa as a domestic mobile operator is participating in the development of the world's best mobile network for the people of Helsinki, rejoices Elisa CEO Veli-Matti Mattila.Better, individualised mobile services are developed by creating open test environments in which service development can take place. It is especially important to create operational models, where the test platforms can generate added value for all their users an example of this is the UrbanSense project's test platform founded on the Kumpula campus area, which focuses particularly on solutions for a broader and more participatory monitoring of the air quality and the handling of the data. Nokia's technology enables a fluent transition to 5G. By means of co-operation and an open test environment, we want to create prerequisites for the development of 5G city service and innovations of the future, notes Pekka Sundstrm, Account Director at Nokia.According to its strategy, Helsinki wants to be the most functional city in the world. By combining digitalisation, design and dialogue, we build the user experience of a good city. Everyone, from enterprises to researchers and citizens, are welcome to join the 5G co-operation. As one form of co-operation, we launch an open design competition on 18 September to seek a unique design for the Helsinki 5G base stations that will pop up in the streetscape, tells Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.Further information Helsinki 5G design competition
"Mayor Jan Vapaavuori speaks at UN General Assembly week opener Social Good Summit. Helsinki's commitment to reporting on UN's Sustainable Development Goals raises interest around the world.Mayor Vapaavuori has been invited to speak at Social Good Summit, arranged ahead of the UN General Assembly week in New York on 23 September 2018. Vapaavuori appears at the Summit with New York City's Commissioner for International Affairs Penny Abeywardena. Themes for the bilateral panels are, for example, co-operation between cities in solving global challenges and New York and Helsinki as the pioneers in the reporting of the sustainable development goals. One reason why Vapaavuori was invited to this esteemed event is that Helsinki is the second city in the world to start reporting to the UN on the sustainable development goals (Agenda 2030). New York was the first city to start with the reporting last spring.-Helsinki's desire to modernise the city, its actions as a forerunner in many fields and its effort to become an active force in the international community has been observed around the world. Because of this, Helsinki's recognition and attractiveness will increase, more doors will open, the city receives valuable partners and, above all, valuable practical information to solve increasingly complicated challenges, notes Mayor Vapaavuori. Committing to the reporting of the UN's sustainable development goals on the city level opens an opportunity for Helsinki to pursue strategic international comparison. It also furthers Helsinki's goals in directing the city's international co-operations. Above all, the reporting to the UN brings the city's success in reaching the sustainable development goals to a tangible level. The reporting will be made clear and easily approachable, so that the citizens find it easier to follow Helsinki's success in sustainable development.Social Good Summit has been arranged in connection to the UN General Assembly week since 2010. Previous speakers include the likes of Madeleine Albright, Joe Biden and Malala Yousafzai. This year, ""non-traditional leaders"" have been invited to talk about the world we want to live in by 2030 and how we can unlock technologys full potential on our way there. Social Good Summit is produced in partnership by UNDP, the UN Foundation, Mashable and 92Y."
Do you want to see world-famous speakers of the Nordic Business Forum on big screen? Are you interested in targeted networking? Do you wish to polish up your business skills? Join NewCo Helsinki's live stream from Nordic Business Forum 26.-27.9.2018! Two incredible days, the worlds brightest minds and future business leaders are offered to you through free streaming at NewCo Helsinki in collaboration with the community. The speakers for this year include Barack Obama, Lindsey Vonn, Steven Kotler, Andrew McAfee and there are many more! At the same time youll get to know more of our services and team at NewCo Helsinki. NewCo Helsinki together with Microsoft Flux also arrange thematic workshops throughout the days. Act fast and book your seats to the workshops through this link.NewCo Helsinki's business counselors offer speed counseling sessions during the event: on Wednesday 13-15, and on Thursday 9-11 and 13-15.For networking, NewCo Helsinki isusing the Brella matchmaking platform. Official #hashtags of the event: #nbfsnewco #newcohelsinki #weareinflux #myhelsinki and #NBForum2018. And action does not end there when the cameras are turned off: NewCo Helsinki hassome evening program as well! Registration to the afterparty through this link.More informationThis is an independently organized live streaming event. Nordic Business Forum Stream at NewCo HelsinkiThemes of Nordic Business Forum 2018: Strategy  Peak Performance  Artificial IntelligenceNordic Business Forum 2018
  The English section of the Helsinki-info bulletins new edition presents the new Amos Rex art museum, the Jobd project of Migrant Youth Helsinki and a Turkish immigrants views about learning Finnish. 
Amos Rex was embraced by the public with enthusiasm even before the art museum opened doors at the end of August: people rushed to the mound-like structures that the subterranean art museum creates in the Lasipalatsi Square above it. I wanted to create a space full of life, says museum architect Asmo Jaaksi of JKMM Architects, who stood in awe witnessing the success of his creation.We are a dynamic, open museum, and we reach out to young audiences, says Amos Rex Programme Director Kaj Martin. In keeping with the mission, Amos Rex opens with a mind-blowing exhibition of reality-altering, immersive digital installations by teamLab of Japan.Migrant Youth Helsinki helps young immigrants to integrate. The project has developed an operating model called Jobd, which helps young people to enter the job market. According to Migrant Youth Helsinki project manager Irma Sippola, Jobd is a good match with the everyday lives of young people. Jobd utilizes the power that exists in young people themselves, she says.Turkish political scientist Halil Grhanli urges immigrants to be active to integrate into Finnish society and to learn Finnish. Finnish language skills are key to adapting to Finnish culture, he says. I helped myself the most by entering the discomfort zone and forcing myself to speak Finnish, learning more that way.Read the above articles in Helsinki-info
The Helsinki City Board approved at its meeting of 17 September an agreement on surface runoff management with the joint municipal authority Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority (HSY) and among the municipal members of HSY on the condition that HSY and the other municipal members of HSY, that is, Espoo, Vantaa and Kauniainen, make similar decisions.According to the act on water supply and treatment, a municipality may decide, after negotiations with a water utility, that the water utility manages the sewerage of the areas surface runoff at levels that meet the community needs. According to the new agreement, HSY will be responsible for the construction, renovations and maintenance of surface runoff sewerage systems as well as investments into the systems in the sewerage area and also in the mixed sewerage area. Surface runoff management in the mixed sewerage area is governed by a separate agreement between HSY and Helsinki.Surface runoff is the flow ofwater that occurs when excess stormwater (rainwater), meltwater or water from other sources flows over land.The City Board considered a number of motions by city councillors and complemented some replies to motions with additions before approving them to proceed to the City Council.
The City Council will next consider motions at its meeting of 26 September 2018. All motions can be seen on the City Board agenda, and the consideration of the motions is reported in more detail in a decision bulletin both documents are published on the City website.
A decision on the sale of the City of Helsinki holding in the real estate company named Kiinteist Oy Helsingin Kalasataman Kymppi, that is, a decision on the sale of the Urban Environment House, which is under construction, was postponed.The City Board also postponed decisions on the principles of participatory budgeting and an alteration to the detailed plan for Steniuksentie in Etel-Haaga. The matters will be considered at the next City Board meeting on 24 September 2018.
Helen is investigating the possibility of constructing a bioenergy heating plant in Tattarisuo, Helsinki. As part of the environmental impact assessment of the plant, a residents' survey is conducted in September, to investigate the effects of the bioenergy heating plant on the environment and people.The aim of bioenergy heating plants is to reduce carbon dioxide emissions from Helsinki's energy production and to increase the use of renewable energy.The planned Tattarisuo bioenergy heating plant will be the subject of a statutory Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA), estimating the effects of a bioenergy heating plant on the environment and people. The current residents' survey will gather important information for the assessment of its effects on the living conditions and enjoyment of the area's residents. The residents' survey on environmental impacts is open to all. The survey is open until 25 September 2018.Fill in the residents' survey online at helen.fi/tattarisuon-kyselytutkimus
The Youth Welfare Report contains statistics, research and experiences on 15-29 year olds in Helsinki. The annual overview highlights themes relating to young peoples wellbeing.In early 2018, Helsinki had 137,079 inhabitants aged 15-29 years. Thus every fifth Helsinki resident is between 15 and 29 years old.The Southern Major District has the largest number of young inhabitants. The largest proportion of young people is found in the Central Major District, where every fourth resident is between 15 and 29 years old. In the Alppiharju district (in Central MD), almost every third inhabitant is that age. In Tuomarinkyl, barely over ten per cent are 15-29 years old.17 per cent of young people in Helsinki have a foreign background in the sense that both or the only known parent have been born abroad. The numbers of second-generation immigrants are growing. Today, almost half of 15-19 year olds with a foreign background have been born in Finland.One in four employed people is under 30As immigrants, i.e. people with a foreign background, increase in number, the numbers of immigrants pursuing studies grows, too. More and more second-generation immigrants take up studies after they have finished their compulsory education. In late 2016, no less than 82 per cent of 16-18 year-old second-generation immigrants studied at secondary level. This percentage was 87 among all 16-18 year olds in Helsinki, and among those of that age that had been born abroad, it was 54.Seven per cent of young people had become entirely excluded from work or studies, meaning that they had no post-compulsory qualifications and were either unemployed or not belonging to the labour force. The proportion of young people not belonging to the labour force or pursuing studies has decreased in the 2010s among those younger than 20 ears, but not notably among those over 20. A growing proportion are taking up secondary-level studies after compulsory education, and at the same time, differences between schools and neighbourhoods in Helsinki have decreased.From the perspective of business in Helsinki, it is remarkable that every fourth gainfully occupied resident is under 30 years of age. The numbers of unemployed young people keep falling, and the unemployment rate has come down in all districts of Helsinki.Young people in Helsinki are, for the most part, satisfied with their livesAccording to the School Health Survey, around 70 per cent of young people feel they can control their own lives and get along just fine. A larger proportion of boys than girls are satisfied with their own lives and feel mentally well. In those age groups that answered the survey, self-experienced loneliness, tiredness at school and depression were more common among girls than boys.According to the findings of the School Health Survey, three in four pupils in compulsory or general secondary education pursue exercise of their own accord on a weekly basis. Among those attending vocational training, this proportion is two-thirds. About nine in ten young people report they pursue a hobby on a weekly basis. However, over one-third of those attending vocational training say the most interesting hobbies are too expensive for them.Read more:Katsaus nuorten hyvinvointiin (Issuu)Nuorten hyvinvointikertomus (Briefly in English)
City of Helsinki, Nokia and Elisa are looking for a standard model design for the Helsinki 5G base stations in collaboration with Ornamo Art and Design Finland. In the published design contest organizers are seeking unique and easily scalable model for base stations which are to be utilized in Helsinki City environment. Helsinki aims to be the city in the world that makes the best use of digitalization. A major aspect of this utilisation are faster and more reliable network connections. This goal is currently being pursued, in particular, by developing 5G network environments and hardware. 5G networks reduce delays, provide a larger data transmission capacity and decrease the energy consumption of networks. They will make it possible to gather and use diverse sensor data more extensively, for example. 5G networks also require a denser network of base stations, creating challenges from the perspective of the urban environment, in particular. An environment with multiple operators also adds to the challenges, since each network operator needs their own base station. The density of the base station network also means that the base station needs of all operators should be addressed as effectively as possible while ensuring that we do not compromise the city landscape. In practice, this can be achieved by reserving space for several base stations in one point. The appearance of the complex of several base stations should be harmonious which is very challenging in terms of design. Although the 5G technology has advanced in leaps and bounds, efforts to align these requirements and opportunities externally to the urban landscape have been rare. The objective of the 5G design contest is to find an elegant standard model for the Helsinki 5G base stations and network environment. We are seeking for both a model that attaches itself to existing city infrastructure as well as a standalone model. The goal is that base station design seems as a natural part of the surrounding city environment. It considers the diversity of both citizens and the city environment and yet is mouldable according to the needs of varying settings. Kansalaistori squares proximity has been selected as the contest area due to the variety of environments it provides.The deadline for entries is on 18.11.2018. The top 5 entries will take a part in a public poll and the ranking order of 3 most popular entries will be announced in January 2019 by the contest Jury. Top 3 entries will receive total of 35 000 euros prize money and all the entries in the public poll will receive honourable mentions. Allinterested parties are welcomedto submit their entries by 18.11.2018. More informationDetailed contest program and its appendixes are downloadable through 5G contest website 
There are major disruptions to commuter train services due to a technical problem in the traffic control system on 18 September. The disruption may continue late into the afternoon. Passengers are advised to use other modes of transport, i.e. buses, the Metro and trams, where possible.Helsinki Region Transport, HSL
Personal IDs from all customers, with the exception of customers who buy single tickets, will be collected at the City of Helsinki Sports Services reception desks starting from 1 November 2018. Personal IDs are recorded in connection with normal operations at the desks, and customers must be prepared to prove their identity.The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requires precise identification of customers. Use of personal IDs guarantees that customer data is processed securely. More information of information securityMika Leivotel 09 310 85044Culture and Leisure 
  Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority (HSY) reminds the general public that many such products are used at home which contain environmentally hazardous substances and chemicals. However, we can all control our chemical load.Hazardous chemicals are found, for example, in detergents, textile protection sprays, fireproofing agents and cosmetics, says Heli Lindberg, a HSY environmental monitoring officer.The safest choices for the environment  and for water treatment plants  are products marked either with the Nordic Swan or with the EUs Flower Eco-label environmental label. Both labels are proof that the product fulfills the regulatory environmental standards, and the entire life cycle of the product is designed with due consideration of global warming, eutrophication of water systems and excessive chemical loads on the environment. Either environmental label can today be found on many ordinary home chemicals and products.Products classified as hazardous waste include medicines, paints, varnishes and paint thinners. They should be disposed of according to specific sorting and recycling instructions.
We work constantly to develop our wastewater treatment methods, but we need help from consumers. Everyone can help and have an impact by assessing their use of chemicals and cosmetics, by sorting and recycling their waste appropriately and by choosing environmentally friendly products.HSYs wastewater treatment plants have efficient processes to remove nutrients including nitrogen, phosphorous and organic substances. But various chemicals that do not belong in the sewer can be processed only to a limited extent and end up in natural water systems.The pytty.fi websibe contains information on how to make environmentally friendly choices at home, when shopping and when renovating. A campaign on the theme is run at movie theatres, on the radio and on social media.
Hanna-Mari Peltomki, MA, has been appointed project manager for the Helsinki Biennale at Helsinki Art Museum HAM. Her previous position was at Dance House Helsinki, where she held the post of managing director in charge of a project, launched in 2011, to secure the decision for the founding and construction of Dance House Helsinki. Peltomki will take up her duties as project manager for Helsinki Biennale on 1 October 2018.Helsinki Biennale is an international festival of contemporary art. The venue of the main event of the 2020 festival is Vallisaari island just outside Helsinki. The biennale enhances the idea of the sea and the islands as a public, collectively owned space. Maija Tanninen-Mattila welcomes Hanna-Mari Peltomki to the biennale team at HAM: Helsinki Biennale is part of the maritime strategy of the City of Helsinki and as such it strengthens the city as a diverse and international city of culture. Hanna-Mari Peltomki will bring to our team extensive experience and skill in the development and production of demanding cultural projects and events.Curated by HAM, the Helsinki Biennale invites artists to create temporary artworks. The involvement of several different actors with parallel programmes will extend the festival all across the city. The project manager will be in charge of the production of the festival in the maritime environment at Vallisaari island, and she also directs the close cooperation with partners and event producers.Hanna-Mari Peltomki has worked in administrative and production positions in the field of art and culture, both in art organisations and in the municipal sector. She has been in the employment of Dance House Helsinki since 2011.
The 2018 edition of Electric Marathon, a race for electric cars held 1729 September, will start from Helsinki and follow the route of the TallinnMonte Carlo Rally of 1930. The goal of the race, entitled TallsinkiMonte Carlo Electric Marathon, is to raise awareness of electric cars as an environmentally friendly alternative for mobility and to emphasize that electric cars are well suited for long journeys.The marathon race will be kicked off at Helsinkis Senate Square at 12:30 p.m. on Monday, 17 September 2018. The day will see the first two stages of the marathon, from Helsinki to Kotka and back. From Helsinki, the teams will be ferried to Tallinn, where they will participate in a major event expected to attract up to 100 electric cars.The Helsinki kick-off of the TallsinkiMonte Carlo Electric Marathon underscores the close economic ties of Helsinki and Tallinn, which have given rise to the Tallsinki twin cities concept. The marathon route will pass through 10 countries and 37 cities. The race will be driven on public roads within speed limits and in compliance with traffic laws and road safety regulations. The race is divided into several stages. Teams can join the entire marathon or one or more stages. Teams are ranked by their ability to reach the finish exactly on time. The grand finish will be at Monacos Place du Palais, which teams are to reach at 12:00 noon on September 29. The marathon is held in two categories. The first category is restricted to university teams they comprise the teams of Aalto University of the Helsinki metropolitan area, TTK University of Applied Sciences of Estonia, Keio University of Japan, The International University of Monaco (IUM), Immanuel Kant Baltic Federal University of Kaliningrad, Russia, and Kaliningrad State Technical University. The other category is open to all other contestants including corporate teams. The Electric Marathon has been held since 2011. The main organizer of the event is Jri Tamm, the Honorary Consul of Estonia in Monaco. The patron of the event is Prince Albert II of Monaco.Read more:Electric Marathonhttps://www.facebook.com/Tallsinki
Carefree Capital  Scenes from 1920s Helsinki is a new exhibition opening on 14 September in the historic Villa Hakasalmi, located between the Finlandia Hall and Helsinki Music Centre. It will take visitors on a refreshing journey, roughly 90 years back in time. Carefree Capital provides a glimpse into the milieus of 1920s Helsinki and the mindscapes of the citys inhabitants. Become acquainted with the lights and shadows of the city by visiting a department store and restaurant, folkpark and nocturnal street. This interactive and entertaining exhibition makes you want to experience history with all of your senses: along the way, you can bend yourself into fashionable gymnastic positions, listen to the hustle and bustle of a speakeasy, jump into a silent film, lounge in an Oriental salon or play a record with a gramophone.Admission fee 12/10 , free entry for children under 18 and with Museum CardRead more
Hailing from Helsinki, Slush Singapore is one of the most significant international innovation, technology and startup events in Southeast Asia. Slush Singapore serves as a forum for new ideas and success stories and as a meeting place for technology professionals, investors and the international media. Helsinki and Finnish startups are once again visibly represented at this year's event.Business Finland, the Embassy of Finland in Singapore and the Cities of Helsinki, Espoo and Turku bring domestic innovators and tech companies to the event. The themes include, for example, AR/VR technology, health tech, the game industry, shipping and data security. From Helsinki, there are especially AR/VR and health tech companies participating.Last year, Slush Singapore attracted more than 3,000 technology professionals, 360 startups, 250 investors, 90 speakers and 300 volunteers. The main day of the event, now arranged for the third time, is 14 September but there is a wide range of side events taking place between 12 and 19 September.Slush's conquest of Asia started in 2015, when the first events were held in Tokyo and Beijing. Slush events have also been arranged in Singapore and Shanghai since 2016. During 2017, Slush also arranged more than 70 smaller startup events around the world.This year, Slush Helsinki fills the City with startup people on 4 and 5 December.More informationSlush Singapore Slush Helsinki Business Finland  Get cool with Finland in Singapore 
The Itkeskus swimming hall of eastern Helsinki has improved services for minority customers: since the beginning of the autumn 2018 season, the swimming hall has a unisex dressing room.
The unisex dressing room serves all genders and diverse customers such as members of sexual minorities, families with infants and customers with handicaps (assisted by a person of another gender) by allowing them to change into swimsuits, to dress and to shower in privacy. The dressing room has 8 compartments and about 40 lockers.
The new dressing room is located on the lower level of the swimming hall. Keys to the dressing room can be obtained from the cashier. The dressing room will be provided with new signs during the autumn, and the room will be better equipped to serve families with infants.Members of sexual minorities have faced harassment at sports sites, and some cases have been serious. As a result, sports services are not accessible to many. For example, a person in the process of gender change may face a long break in sports activities because of other customers threatening behaviour, says Miska Salakka, an expert at the Trans support centre of the Finnish civic association Seta for sexual minorities.Seta has trained the Itkeskus swimming halls staff on how to encounter members of sexual minorities, for example, how the staff can stop harassment.All people are welcome to use the City of Helsinki sports services. The City Sport Services unit does its best to take into consideration the varied needs of diverse customer groups in the design of sports facilities and sites.The Itkeskus swimming hall, which is underground, was opened in 1993. The hall has facilities on two levels, and it can accommodate up to 1,000 visitors at a time.Helsinki
  The summery image of Helsinki created by sidewalk, plaza and park gardens can be enjoyed by citizens and visitors for a few more weeks. The City of Helsinki Garden Service will switch to the autumn mode with new plants at 30 locations in early October.This summers gardens have flourished thanks to the warm and dry weather, regular watering and fertilizers.
The summers sidewalks, plazas and parks have seen strong colours in flowers and leaves, as a contrast to last years overall look of blue and white, says garden planner Kirsti Oksanenof Garden Service, which is a unit of the City of Helsinki in-house construction and maintenance services provider Stara.In order to protect bees and other pollinators, Garden Service planted new species that attract pollinators. At some locations and with great care, the services gardeners experimented with somewhat wilder and freer, field-like plant combinations, which differed from traditional plant arrangements. They did so, for example, at the Vauhtitie road, which is flanked by Helsinki city-centre parks, gardens and green areas.As in recent years, autumn gardens in the city will see common heather, beauty-heads, ivy and sprigs. Stara Garden Services City Garden will provide approximately 10,000 seedlings for the autumn gardens.Read more:Garden Service,
  The leaders of Finland's 21 largest cities decided at their meeting on 29 August to strengthen their co-operation in matters relating to China.
 To improve the effectiveness of their China co-operation, the cities will establish a China-focused co-operation network between the cities, the aim of which is to strengthen the exchange of information and the interaction between the cities and to identify concrete themes and areas of co-operation, where joint actions and operations between the cities are needed. The co-operation starts in the fields of tourism, winter sports and sustainable development. The cities are already co-operating with China, but thus far, the co-operation between the cities has been sporadic in matters relating to China. At the same time, China's importance as a potential partner and in the international city co-operation has grown substantially. The co-operation may result in multiple benefits, such as increased business opportunities and investments, a growing number of tourists and income from tourism as well as improved visibility and recognition for the cities. The full potential of this is best reached through improving the mutual interaction and co-operation of the largest cities. Through a more goal-oriented and systematic co-operation, the cities with a more established China co-operation can offer their expertise to a broader extent to the city network. This can bring substantial gains to the relations and co-operation between Finnish and Chinese cities, and to the Sino-Finnish relations and co-operation in wider terms. The network also adds to the national China strategy and creates better conditions for the co-operation between the government and the cities in related matters.The leaders of Finland's 21 largest cities met at the C21 cities meeting in Turku on 9 August 2018. The discussions concerning the China co-operation will continue at the next C21 meeting in Espoo on 16 November 2018.
"City of Helsinki asked ten planning agencies to come with ideas for a solution covering a substantial expansion of the central pedestrian zone and underground distributor street. Eight agencies submitted their proposals. Different perspectives on the central pedestrian zone and an underground distributor street have also been collected among entrepreneurs and citizens during the spring and summer. The planning agencies that submitted their idea proposals were Destia, FCG, Finnmap Infra, Pyry, Ramboll, Sitowise/YIT, Traficon and WSP. The City requested proposals directly from the agencies.""We are currently looking at the proposals and picking out the best ideas for further development"", tells Project Manager Katariina Baarman at the Helsinki City Executive Office.The ideas survey to the planning agencies and other studies will form the basis, when the solution models for a substantial expansion of the central pedestrian zone and an underground distributor street are drafted. The solution model will be presented to the citizens in late 2018 and the proposals for the further planning will be brought to political decision-making in spring 2019. The general planning results and proposals for further measures are brought to political decision-making in spring 2020. The potential project's implementation phase is organised separately later.The idea plans of the planning agencies and the impressions of business life and citizens that were collected in the early summer are presented at the ideas workshop on Thursday 13 September 05:0007:00 PM at the exhibition space Laituri (Narinkka 2, Kamppi). The idea plans can also be viewed at the Laituri exhibition space and in the kerrokantasi.hel.fi web service from 13 September to 6 October.Ideas submitted by the planning agencies in the material basket. During the spring and summer, the City of Helsinki has collected views on the development of the Helsinki city centre at workshops arranged in collaboration with RAKLI. The themes were the commercial centre as an operational environment, the pedestrian centre, an underground collector road from different perspectives and the preconditions and partnerships for the development of the city centre. Enterprises in the Helsinki city centre have also been interviewed about the subject.The residents have been asked about a functional, walkable Helsinki in a pedestrian route survey, which focused on the current state of walking and the development objects in the Helsinki city centre area. The survey attracted 1,659 replies and 8,748 chart notes.The results of the surveyThe most functional city in the world  The Helsinki City Strategy 20172021 provides the guidelines for the future of Helsinki. The strategy is implemented in key projects, one of which concerns an expansion of the central pedestrian zone and the prerequisites for an underground distributor street. The work investigates the possibilities for a substantial expansion of the central pedestrian zone in order to further improve the atmosphere and functionality of the Helsinki city centre, and for building an underground distributor street that would reduce traffic through the city centre as well as heavy transports to the harbours. Another goal is to find out how tolls can be used to finance the investment of an underground distributor street. #kvelykeskustawww.hel.fi/kaupunkistrategiaLinksIdeas workshop An attractive city centre is a calling card for Helsinki.Results of the pedestrian route survey, interactive presentationResults of the pedestrian route survey (pdf)Planning agency ideas surveys"
Helsinki Marketing, Tencent and Finnair signed a cooperation agreement to jointly launch an intelligent travel solutions project in WeChat mini program ecosystem. It aims to further enhance the digital services for Chinese travellers visiting Helsinki. Earlier this year Helsinki, the capital city of Finland and internet giant Tencent launched WeChat MyHelsinki mini program, which has been developed to respond especially to the needs of independent Chinese travellers. The new agreement enables additional user-centric travel solutions for WeChat MyHelsinki mini program.Helsinki aims to strengthen the citys global position and leadership in digital transformation. With an array of new initiaves and plans to collaborate with key Chinese companies, Helsinki is future-oriented and has set an ambitious goal to become the most functional city in the world.Helsinki Marketing, Finnair andTencent signed a cooperation agreement 5th of September 2018to jointly launch an intelligent travel solutions project in WeChat mini program ecosystem.Photo (from left): LauraAalto,Helsinki Marketing Mikko Turtiainen, Finnair and Hedy Hu, Tencent.On 6 September, 2018 the Mayor of Helsinki visited Beijing along with a delegation of official representatives from the City of Helsinki, Helsinki Marketing, Finavia, Finnair, and Visit Finland.With people around the world more able and willing to explore new places, Helsinki and our partners both in China and in Finland are striving to be at the forefront of creating future services that meet with the needs of Chinese visitors, said Mr. Jan Vapaavuori, Mayor of Helsinki. The number of Chinese overnight stays in Helsinki has more than doubled within the past three years from 108,000 in 2014 to 221,000 in 2017. With more and more Chinese seeking to visit cities as independent travellers to find local, authentic experiences, the WeChat MyHelsinki mini program serves as a local guide with its multiple useful functions. With new additional features, the mini program makes Helsinki the first city in the world to combine tailored personal recommendations, mobility planning, and purchase options for travellers in one service.By the end of the year, Chinese travellers visiting Helsinki will be able review local tips about the best restaurants or attractions in town, plan their transportation, and pay for both transportation and restaurant bills using the same app.Since the launch of the first non-stop flight from Europe to China 30 years ago, in 1988, Finlands national carrier Finnair has persistently worked to develop connections between China and Finland. Today, almost 40 weekly flights from Helsinki to seven different cities in Greater China are available from Finnair. Finnair has also been at the forefront of tailoring its service to Chinese customers, by for example being the first airline in the world to introduce online payment platform Alipay onboard its flights. Alipay is now also widely accepted in travel services in the whole of Finland.Finnair also launched flight ticket sales via its official WeChat account in China in November 2017, and enabled WeChat Pay, making it the first European airline offering direct flight ticket sales through its official WeChat account. WeChat Pay as a payment method for merchants and service providers is to be launched in Finland later this month as well.Since 2016, Helsinki Airport operates as a sister airport to Beijing Airport, and the collaboration has resulted in employee exchanges and peer-to-peer learning between the two cities, increasing understanding for the Chinese service culture and needs of Chinese travellers. Extensive services for Chinese travellers at the Helsinki Airport include Chinese service guides, Chinese language signage, e-translation services and special info stations for Chinese visitors.During his visit to China, the Mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori and his delegation will also participate the World Tourism Cities Federation (WTCF) Fragrant Hills Tourism Summit in Qingdao on September 7 to 9. Helsinki is a committed member of this Beijing-led network of global tourism cities. Helsinki has also been chosen as the host city of the networks annual Summit in August 2019. The World Tourism Cities Federation's nextannual summit (August 2019) was received to Helsinki by the Mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori. More informationMyHelsinki.fiFinnairWorld Tourism Cities FederationTencent
Wrtsil'spublic announcement of An Oceanic Awakeningis a global initiative focused on the radical transformation of the worlds marine and energy industry into one supremely efficient, ecologically sound and digitally connected ecosystem.Key ecosystem players from the worlds most strategically important marine cities have been invited to converge via the newly established SEA20 forum where cross-border dialogue and co-creation are fostered through an ongoing series of events and workshops. First cities to support the idea of promoting sustainable marine through comprehensive co-operation are Rotterdam, Hamburg and Helsinki. Shipping is by far the most cost-effective way to move goods and people around the world. As consumer demand increases, maritime businesses are faced with major opportunities to improve operational inefficiencies that impose a significant negative impact on profitability and sustainability. Better port-to-port fuel efficiency, reduced congestion in ports and high traffic areas, the introduction of real-time communication between stakeholders  these issues have become critical to transforming maritime trading today.Wrtsil's ambitious aspiration is to connect 20 of the most influential marine cities by 2020 into a network that will inspire cooperation as an essential ingredient to driving forward this journey of transformation. The network will support the adoption and deployment of best practices, embrace digitalisation and legislate new environmentally friendlier, sustainable and smarter ways of doing business across our oceans.More informationSEA20 Launch film for An oceanic awakeningWrtsil's press release: An Oceanic Awakening and SEA20 herald a wake-up call to the potential of our Oceans in an era of unprecedented global changeWrtsil in briefWrtsil is a global leader in smart technologies and complete lifecycle solutions for the marine and energy markets. By emphasising sustainable innovation, total efficiency and data analytics, Wrtsil maximises the environmental and economic performance of the vessels and power plants of its customers. In 2017, Wrtsils net sales totalled EUR 4.9 billion with approximately 18,000 employees. The company has operations in over 200 locations in more than 80 countries around the world. Wrtsil is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.
"The Helsinki City Hall lobby is brightened up in September by a series of events, which offers, among other things, seminars, workshops and an opportunity to develop the participatory budgeting.During the month of September, the City Hall lobby is tested as a city development platform, which increases openness and interaction. It is the first time the City Hall is the main venue for the Helsinki Design Week and celebrates its theme, ""TRUST"". The event series welcomes all citizens to participate in the discussions and workshops. The City Hall was chosen as the main venue for the event as a result of the intensive cooperation between the Helsinki Design Week and the City of Helsinki. Helsinki Design Week is the biggest design festival in the Nordic countries, which builds Helsinki's international profile as a design metropolis.""Helsinki wants to be the most functional city in the world. Design and service design hold an essential role when this vision is brought into everyday life. Design is a bridge between good planning and a good everyday life  whether it is about building the urban environment, accessibility of services or the dialogue with the citizens. Good design yields a functional city"", says Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.The City is increasingly a community instead of a machineryHelsinki Design Week conquers the City Hall lobby to present, among other things, the school catering in Helsinki, which turns 75 this year, the participatory budgeting model and the Helsinki smart home of the future. ""Helsinki is a resident-oriented city and we are committed to be worthy of the residents' trust. We have come from speeches to the point where we have hired seven borough liaisons and three corporate liaisons, whose task is to strengthen the spontaneous actions of the residents and build a bridge between the city and the citizens. Soon, we will make participatory budgeting a part of the City operations. All this is done because we want to be the citizens' own and increasingly functional community"", says Johanna Seppl, Head of Participation and Citizen Information at the City of Helsinki.The City is for a good lifeKpyl pupils use the City Hall lobby as their base when their explore the city space of Helsinki. The study is carried out using the phenomenon-based learning technique, awarded at last year's Helsinki Design Awards, with emphasis put on bodily and experiential methods. The pupils will also plan and build a Future City installation. School catering in Helsinki turns 75. The long history of school catering becomes familiar to school children, citizens and the general public by means of workshop activities. In the City Hall lobby from 10 to 12 September, there is a morning workshop for school children, which deals with the past, present and future of school catering in Helsinki. The workshop is arranged jointly by the Education Division and the City of Helsinki. At home is a smart space, which brings together the remote services of the City of Helsinki Service Centre. They are produced in co-operation with the City of Helsinki Social Services and Health Care Division. The services are available every day of the year, 24 hours a day. They help Helsinkians of different ages who need support with living at home and increase the well-being  at the stage when it is needed. In the home-like exhibition space, visitors get to physically experience different kinds of technologically equipped remote services that support living at home, such as virtual remote care, GPS wristband, and propose better remote services. Functional Helsinki  play your ideas to the budget workshops 6 September, 03:00 PM04:30 PM and 7 September, 09:00 AM10:30 AM, you can play in Finnish, or, if need be, with facilitation in Swedish and English. Participation in the workshop requires enrolment. In the autumn, Helsinki opens 4.4 million euros of its own budget and the citizens can propose and vote what the money should be used for. Functional Helsinki is a problem solving game, whose aim is to generate ideas for proposals to the City's participatory budgeting. The games is in the beta stage and at the Helsinki Design Week you get to try it and participate in the development of it. The gaming is directed by the new borough liaisons. Welcome to play!The Helsinki Design Manual is published on 11 September at 03:00 PM in the City Hall lobby. The Helsinki Design Manual is a digital and user-friendly handbook. It is a tool for all the planners, builders and maintainers of the urban environment and for those in charge of procurements and decision-makers. As for the type, the manual is one of the most comprehensive in the world. It includes streets, parks and green areas, but also, e.g. planted vegetation. After the publishing event, the participants can meet the people behind the manual before the The Friends of Finnish Designmuseum and Architecture Museum DAMY's open discussion. Discussion, starting 04:30 PM, DAMY talksMY-DA organised by DAMY ry.The City of Helsinki has utilised design know-how and design thinking in its development work for more than ten years. Utilising design is integrated into the city development and it is included in the City Strategy. Helsinki is one of the cities that has been awarded UNESCO City of Design status. Helsinki has taken design to its new areas of application in collaboration with Helsinki-based designers and the Aalto University. Helsinki Design Week is a strategic partner to Helsinki and the City of Helsinki is the main backer of the event.The Helsinki City Hall opening hours during Helsinki Design Week from 6 to 16 September are from Monday to Friday 09:00 AM  07:00 PM and on the weekend 10:00 AM  04:00 PM. Visiting address: Pohjoisesplanadi 1113 and Sofiankatu 1. Exceptional opening hours on Wednesday 12 September, closed to the public at 05:00 PM.During Helsinki Design Week there will be organised events at the City Hall from monday to friday on 614 September. The official programme of the Helsinki Design Week TRUST exhibition will end on Friday, 14 September. Over the weekend there is still a chance to get acquainted with the installations that are part of the exhibition. With them, two groups of school children got the opportunity to plan a future Helsinki as they see it. On Saturday 15 September and Sunday 16 September there will be no organised Helsinki Design Week programme.Read more:Helsinki Design Week and the City Hall Programme series"
"Beijing, with a population of almost 22 million, is one of the most important partnership cities of Helsinki. The emphasis in the discussions between the Mayors will be on furthering tourism cooperation and making use of the Chinese New Year in Helsinki as a platform for new collaboration initiatives. The City of Helsinki has been chosen to host the annual World Tourism Cities Federation (WTCF) Fragrant Hills Tourism Summit in 2019. The Mayor accepts the hosting duties in Qingdao on 8 September 2018. ""International cooperation on the city level is increasingly important to Helsinki. Beijing is one of Helsinki's most important partnership cities. We want to make use of the interest shown by Chinese tourists in Europe and lead the way in the development of services directed at Chinese tourists. Approximately 40 direct flights per week from China to Helsinki and the tailor-made Helsinki mini program for Chinese tourists in the WeChat application as first in the world are excellent examples of this. We are looking to expand the cooperation with Beijing in other parts of business life as well"", notes Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.The significance of the tourism cooperation between Helsinki and Beijing is constantly growing. In addition to the meeting between the Mayors, Helsinki is also arranging two tourism-themed events in Beijing, which will focus on expanding the cooperation between tourism companies and attract tourism investments to Helsinki. The number of Chinese tourists in Helsinki has doubled during the last three years. In 2017, the growth was 32 per cent.The Chinese New Year has been celebrated in the Helsinki city centre since 2007. In 2018, the event was expanded to include supplementary programme with a business focus. Helsinki aims to make the group of events a permanent platform for broader cooperation between Beijing and Helsinki, for example, in connection to the smart city and winter sports. In August 2019, Helsinki will host the City of Beijing-founded World Tourism Cities Federation's annual Fragrant Hills Tourism Summit, which will bring more than 500 participants from different countries to Helsinki and offer an excellent opportunity to strengthen Helsinki's relations with the central international players in the field of tourism. The Mayor of Beijing is the Chairman of the organisation.Background informationWorld Tourism Cities Federation (WTCF) is a non-profit tourism cooperation network established in 2012 in Beijing. Currently, the network includes 134 cities and 68 other members, such as companies in the fields of aviation, media, financing and tourism. The city members come from 66 countries and areas. Helsinki became a part of the WTCF network in 2014. The 2017 summit was arranged in Los Angeles.Beijing and Helsinki have been sister-cities since 2006. The relation between Helsinki and China has also been built up by Finnair's strong Asian strategy, as a result of which there are currently around 40 direct flights per week from Helsinki to China.Further informationWorld Tourism Cities Federation"
Key actors in the global maritime industry will gather for the first time in Helsinki on 3-4 December 2018. Breaking Waves 2018 is bringing together representatives of the European maritime cluster with the aim of ensuring Europes competitiveness in the global markets.Helsinki is inviting key actors in the global maritime industry to gather together for the first time with the aim of finding solutions to the challenges of the future. Breaking Waves 2018 is part of the worlds leading startup event Slush.Breaking Waves 2018 will take place over two days with the aim of stimulating active dialogue within the industry, as well as introducing new ideas from outside the industry. The ultimate goal is to make shipping more responsible and cost effective, as well as to improve safety and process efficiency.The international maritime industry and shipping are experiencing a period of profound change. Stricter environmental legislation, the disruption of service chains, automation and digitalisation are transforming shipping in an unprecedented way. These changes demand closer collaboration within Europe to ensure the regions competitiveness also in the future. Finland is setting an example in the maritime industry the Port of Helsinki is the busiest passenger port in Europe, and the Finnish maritime cluster is an internationally recognised leader in maritime technology. As the nations capital, Helsinki is playing a key role in bringing together key actors in the maritime industry.The success stories of the Finnish maritime cluster spring from diversity and effective synergies.Digitalisation, Arctic expertise and environmental innovations are among our biggest strengths, and these are exactly the areas that are transforming the industry right now. Breaking Waves 2018 will promote broader dialogue between different actors and increased collaboration, which in turn will help stimulate continued competitiveness, says Tiina Tuurnala, Managing Director of the Finnish Shipowners Association.A Think Tank forum for invited guests will be held on Monday 3 December, at which leading industry representatives will formulate a joint statement on the future challenges and targets of the European maritime cluster. The joint statement will be presented at the main conference, which will take place on Tuesday 4 December. In addition, solutions will be sought through startup accelerators and various case studies. Tickets and the programme:Breaking Waves 2018
An open competition for the visual identity of Helsinki Metro stations, announced by Helsinki City Transport HKL in the beginning of the summer, has been completed. The competition sought artworks for the walls behind tracks. HKL received more than 70 proposals and purchased 11 of them.Overall, the proposals were really good. Were happy that the competition aroused interest, and we thank all competitors, says Elina Norrena, HKLs service development and communications manager.The artworks vary from line drawings and works realized with graphic elements to more freestyle illustration styles. Some works utilize information design.HKL sought to give each station an individual, easily recognizable and fresh look that withstands time.Art experts on the jury were the curator of public art of Helsinki Art Museum HAM Kristiina
Its magnificent that HKL offers non-commercial surfaces at Metro stations for city residents to express their ideas. The proposals approached locality and the individual character of stations in highly diverse ways, Ljokkoi says.The selected works will be finalized in cooperation with the artists and implemented during this autumn and in the winter. The total number of boards to be replaced at stations is nearly 500 and varies between 30 and close to 60 at stations.HKL will make announcements on the artworks and artists as the works are completed.Winning artworks and artists (the quotes are from the artists
(pixels), artist Heli Mannisenmki. The artwork is made up of pixels that form landscapes expressing an urban atmosphere. In a hurry, the images appear only as pixels and lines of different colours, but if you have the time to take a closer look, the pixels form landscapes. Kamppi:Milkyway,
artist Leevi Kerola. The artwork emphasizes the role of the Kamppi station in the vicinity of art museums, using graphic qualities and the power of movement.Rautatientori Keskusta
(city centre), artist Eeva-Stiina Niemi. The works are based on the unique architecture of the Railway Station area. Easily recognizable buildings, such as the Railway Station, the National Theatre and Ateneum, are repeated in the pictures. The line drawing style pays tribute to such cornerstones of Finnish style as Tove Jansson and Marimekko.Helsingin yliopisto Eksyksiss muodoissa (lost in forms), artists Janne Koivisto and Misael
Rojas. The square-shaped and spherical statues at the eastern end of the station express the stations abstract idiom. The repeated squares of different colours of the floor are continued in the picture plans. Each picture has lines that resemble the idiom of buildings and things forgotten in everyday life. Hakaniemen helmet (gems of Hakaniemi), artist Armi Teva.
 The concept presents the gems of the Hakaniemi area through 15 illustrations, that is, a collage of symbols that make Hakaniemi what it is. Some of the illustrations are iconic, familiar views, others are more surprising, hidden local details.
Eeva-Stiina Niemi. The artwork profiles Srninen as an area popular with young adults, an elegantly rough, a tolerant and a self-aware area. The colours of the work stem from the Srninen station and its style, which is trendy again and worthwhile to emphasize in a contemporary manner.Herttoniemi Palaan kyll takaisin (I will be back), artist Jere Mtt. My inspiration for the artwork came from the station architecture and colours. Whats fascinating about the Herttoniemi station is the movement of people there and back. Stories and fates in the transport hub, Herttoniemis closeness to nature, the sea and land. The art seeks to soothe the station by creating points of connection in the midst of chaos.
Itkeskus Im Coming Over, artist Mikko Eerola. The artwork gets its inspiration from the unique atmosphere of Metro stations. Passengers on the Metro platform can travel in their imagination as they view these paintings.Puotila Linnut
(birds), artist Marjo Heino. The artwork describes movement in ways that make the atmosphere sprightly and positive. The idiom of the birds is novel, and the forms are streamlined but still easily understood. The bird forms are also playful and imaginative.Kontula Kuvioidut kivet (patterned stones), artists Juuso Koponen and Jonathan
Hildn. The artwork is composed of artistically interpreted maps, which show track sections and the bedrock that the tracks go through or over.Mellunmki Mellunmen unelma (Mellunmki dream), artist Veera Komulainen. The concept of the artwork was to use the history of Mellunmki from the 1960s and 70s in the imagery. The style of the illustrations is fresh, simple with the use of only a few colours, and personal thanks to the unpretentious style of drawings made by hand.By Metro
"Living in Jtksaari housing event, from 1 to 9 September, highlights perspectives of living in cities of the future and looks into the everyday lives of the residents of Jtksaari. The organisers welcome everyone to the event, which has free admission. The main stage of the housing fair event is the Hyvntoivonpuisto (""Good Hope Park"") in the middle of Jtksaari, but there are also many kinds of events around Jtksaari.Looks"
into modern city living and discussions about the future of housingThe City Living in Jtksaari event provides the visitor with an opportunity to comprehensively explore the factors that colour urban life, such as the common premises, the gardens and the versatile housing area services of the Jtksaari housing communities. At the event, urban housing can be experienced though an entirely new housing area, which is currently being developed.The future of housing is another discussion topic in Jtksaari: how urbanisation and global new services change our living and everyday lives. Helsinki is also growing at the same pace as the popularity of the urban lifestyle. Hence, one of the most important tasks in the construction of Helsinki is to meet the challenges of sustainable city development. Nine
days of factual content and entertainment as an appropriate mix
 The City Living in Jtksaari event offers a diverse programme for the visitors, whether they are interested in the factual content or the entertaining activities. The different locations of the event are easily found with a mobile app.The themes of the seminars, discussions and workshops at the event are, among others, the city as a service, new concepts of housing, the everyday life and celebration of aging, community living, sustainable city development and human-centric architecture. The discussion participants are city researchers, housing architects and city developers and service producers. City of
Helsinki arranges fact sessions and tours to housing destinations In its own programme at the Helsinki fair tent, the City of Helsinki also presents, among other things, the city's housing policy goals, the development of housing and the development of Jtksaari. Moreover, the City of Helsinki arranges fact sessions concerning housing and city planning in its tent, and walking tours to housing units and other interesting destinations in the area.The City Living in Jtksaari housing fair event is arranged by the Housing Fair Finland Co-op in collaboration with the City of Helsinki.
Amos Rex opened its doors on Thursday August 30rd 2018.The Latest addition to Helsinkis cultural quarter opens with teamLab: Massless a major international exhibition by the Tokyo-based art collective teamLab filling its 2,200 sqm gallery space with digital art. Finlands capital Helsinki has gained a major new cultural institution and a striking new public space with the completion of Amos Rex. The art museum opens after a five- year, 50 million project designed by architecture firm JKMM, which has seen the refurbishment of the landmark 1930s Lasipalatsi building in Central Helsinki. At the heart of the museum, 13,000 cubic metres of rock has been excavated to create a new 2,200 sqm world-class flexible gallery space topped with a series of domes and skylights that form the new undulating landscape of the Lasipalatsi Square.Amos Rexs exhibition programme extends from the newest, often experimental, contemporary art to 20th-century Modernism and ancient cultures. Amos Rex aims to present captivating and ambitious art refreshingly and exuberantly. The goal is for the past, present and future to produce unique experiences and surprising encounters beneath and above ground, and on the screen. Amos Rex opens with Massless, an exhibition by the Tokyo-based digital art collective teamLab, which will run until 6 January 2019. In the early half of 2019, Amos Rex will present a retrospective of the Dutch art collective Studio Drift as well as Rene Magritte: Life Line, the first major exhibition of this pioneer of the surrealist movement in Finland. These exhibitions will run in parallel from 8 February to 19 May. Read more:Amos Rex
Helsinki islands and waterfront sites can soon be visited more easily by customers without boats of their own with the BOUT ride service: boat riders will be able to book rides conveniently from boat owners with their smartphones. The BOUT boat ride service will be launched on 8 September 2018. At first, rides can be booked and offered on weekends, and expanded service will be available next summer.The BOUT boat ride service has already been named the Uber of boats, as it makes it easy to book low-cost boat rides with an app for mobile devices. Boat captains operate as entrepreneurs, for whom BOUT gives a platform to sell rides. Helsinki residents and visitors can book boat rides between more than 50 predefined pickup and drop-off locations in the Helsinki and Espoo archipelago and on the cities coastline.Waterbus from Jtksaari to Hietalahti and Market SquareThe NorsLine water transportation company will be providing waterbus transportation on the route JtksaariHietalahtiMarket Square. The water route will offer a new transportation alternative to residents and visitors to Jtksaari. The service will be tested in conjunction with a Jtksaari housing fair 19 September (Kaupunkielm Jtksaaressa, city life in Jtksaari), when all rides will be free of charge.The waterbus stop in Jtksaari is located at Saukonpaasi in the vicinity of the terminal stops of tram lines 8 and 9.Read more:BOUT ride service
"Afree charging station for electric cyclists on the Katajanokka waterfront in Helsinki. The e-bike charging station is the first of its kind in Finland and utilises solar panels and an electricity storage unit as power sources. The charging station is now open to city residents at the side of Allas Sea Pool, next to Flying Cinema.The charging station obtains power from the four solar panels on its roof. Any excess electricity is stored in a battery, from which it is available for charging bikes on days when there is no sunshine.On a sunny summer's day the panels generate 4.24 kWh in energy. The battery capacity of a good e-bike is about 0.30.4 kWh, meaning production of up to 14 charges per day. The capacity of the batteries in the electricity storage unit is 3.12 kWh, so that a battery lasts about 7-10 charges.The output of bike chargers is typically around 80 watts, therefore the storage unit batteries permit approx. 40 hours of continuous charging. In reality, the number of charging hours is higher, assuming that bikes are not brought for recharging with the battery completely flat.City residents on the move with lower emissions It's brilliant to get more clean electricity to get Helsinki folk mobile! It's also great that the charging station if fully self-sufficient and the first of its kind in Finland. The charging station is not connected to the grid, which gives a good idea of the qualities of renewable electricity production,"" says Krista Jaatinen, Product Manager from Helen.The e-bike charging station was designed in partnership with ReSolar Oy, which also installed it. The charging station was implemented using Helen's Environmental Penny funds.Read more: Helen"
Finlandia Hall is one of the most well-known works by Alvar Aalto. Aalto was a broad-minded innovator, and his works are markedly human-oriented: the buildings are designed to be used. The Finlandia Hall renovation will be carried out in the footsteps of Aalto: in 2024, Finlandia Hall is going to serve citizens, congress and festival visitors as well as those hungry for architecture in a more versatile way than ever before.The main building of Finlandia Hall, completed in 1971, is nearly 50 years old. To preserve the immense value of the building, and develop its operations into a more versatile direction, the building is going to be renovated. Finlandia Hall will be repaired and restored from top to bottom and renovated from the plumbing to the faade. New services targeted at consumers will be located in the building while observing the protection the construction enjoys.The impressive, light interiors with marble walls, floors of natural stone and grand windows will be renovated to their former glory. Accessibility and lifts will be improved. A new exhibition space is planned and the connection between the building and Tlnlahti park will also be improved. A new, larger kitchen will also be built to facilitate and streamline the work of the staff. An impressive amount of modern technology will also be incorporated into the building.The project plan for the renovation will be completed by the end of 2018. The plan is going to be used as a basis for decisions regarding for example the costs after the new year. The specifying project plan, which determines faade materials, will be completed one year later. After the project decisions, the detailed plans for the project and the permit process may begin. Construction will start in 2021 and continue for a couple of years. Finlandia Hall will be open throughout the renovation period. The work will be carried out in phases.The faade of Finlandia Hall will be renovated as part of the comprehensive renovation of the building.The proposal for the new surface material for the faade will be made based on extensive reports and tests. The objective is to find a more durable surface material that fulfils the requirements of the preservation order. The renovation of the faade will account for approximately 15 per cent of the overall costs of the renovation.The faade team has surveyed numerous materials over an eighteen-month period and gathered samples and information from experts, material manufacturers and research institutes alike. Material durability in the long term, appearance and availability have been scrutinised as well as correspondence with the original material. According to the preservation order, the faade of the building must remain equivalent to the architectural appearance of the original in terms of material and colours, etc.Due to the binding nature of the Act on the Protection of the Built Heritage, these surveys also determine the suitability of marble for Finlandia Hall. A wealth of research data on the durability of various types of marble has accumulated after the previous faade renovation. In addition, there are now more methods available for altering the characteristics of building materials, and there are new, potential alternative materials on the market. Finlandia Hall is one of the most well-known buildings in Finland, and people travel to marvel at it from around the world. It is part of our national heritage and it has significant value in terms of townscape. The annual economic impact to the metropolitan area of the customers that visit Finlandia Hall is almost MEUR 50.The Tlnlahti area is becoming an important meeting place for citizens and tourists thanks to the new Central Library Oodi and the Finlandia Hall renovation. The renovated Finlandia Hall will offer more versatile experiences as part of the new cultural and events cluster of the Tlnlahti area.Picture above: A new coffee and gift shop open
The City of Helsinki day care centres serve children with a new selection of organic foods. The most visible item on the menu is non-fat organic milk fortified with vitamin D, which is served with all meals at every day care centre. Another new item on the six-week basic menu is organic fruit served twice as a dessert.Some organic ingredients used earlier remain on the list: all organic rolled cereals, organic barley grains, organic yoghurt, organic buttermilk and organic tofu. Items discarded from the list comprise organic macaroni and other pasta, organic breads, organic flour used for baking, the organic viili fermented milk product and organic peas. Organic breads will in the future be replaced with a more varied selection of breads.The changes in the selection of organic foods were made on the basis of customer feedback, and they were planned together with the City of Helsinki Education Division.The City of Helsinki day care centres that are catered for by Service Centre have served children organic foods since 2012. The percentage of organic foods served at day care centres went up markedly with the new selection of organic foods. The reform raised Helsinki day care centres to the fourth step of the Steps to Organic programme, which helps professional kitchens to shift to organic foods. This six-step programme supports professional kitchens in making sustainable choices.The new selection of organic foods at Helsinki day care centres was launched in the week of 6 August 2018.
The 10th FCPAE Europe Forum & The 4th ASEM Cooperation Forum on STI are jointly organised by the City of Helsinki, the Chinese Association of Science and Technology in Finland (CASTF) and ASEM-CCSTI. The Forum will be held during September 25th-28th, 2018 in Finland. During the forum, governmental officials, entrepreneurs, Chinese professionals and talents from both China and other Asian countries and Europe will come to Finland to join the forum with the theme Clean, Smart and Health. The forum aims to enable and strengthen the collaborations described below. 1. City collaboration: Representatives from the governments of Asia and Europe jointly discussed how to further promote government-to- government contacts and collaboration.2. Science/High-tech park collaboration: Representatives of science and high-tech parks from China and Europe seek cooperation opportunities.3. Matchmaking: Investors and company representatives explore investment opportunities, joint R&D possibilities, and market entry opportunities by participating matchmaking.4. Business collaboration: Participating Companies have the opportunities to visit selected companies to seek business opportunities.5. Talent attraction: The joint forum provides a platform for enterprises, R&D institutes and others to attract high-level talents from China and Europe.The forum highlights science, technology and innovation collaboration between China and other Asian countries and Europe. It aims to open up the new era of Asia-Europe collaboration based on the Initiative of Belt and Road. Forum expects over hundreds of companies and startups from China and other Asian countries and Europe over hundreds of high level professionals and talents as well as many official delegations. Hence, it is a unique opportunity for different stakeholders.Welcome!Registration andprogram
Helsinki will ease the temporary use of public areas and City-owned unused spaces by residents for cultural and civic activities. The Helsinki City Board made a decision on principles for resident use of City-owned spaces at its meeting of 20 August 2018.
Uniform principles applied to all free-of-charge and paid uses of City-owned spaces strengthen the equal opportunities of residents to use City-owned spaces. The electronic space booking service varaamo.fi makes it easy to locate suitable available spaces.The City of Helsinki divisions can offer their spaces for use by residents at times when the spaces are not in their intended use.The Education Division has more than 700 locations, which have a total floor area of more than one million square metres. The division seeks to enter all suitable spaces into the space booking system and to put them into more efficient use by residents.
The Culture and Leisure Division has a total of 107,000 square metres of spaces. An estimated 85 percent of the spaces are in public use. In addition, the division has 180,000 square metres of sports facilities, and making those facilities available to residents and sports societies is part of the Citys sports services.
The spaces of the Social Services and Health Care Division suitable for resident uses comprise 10 resident centres and 2 day-activity locations. The Urban Environment Division has only a few spaces suitable for resident use.At its meeting of 20 August 2018, the City Board approved an alteration to the detailed plan of the core of the Jakomki district and the project plan for a Jakomki service centre, both to be presented to the City Council for consideration. The City Board postponed the consideration of a development plan for tram depots.
The City of Helsinki has reached the final in the European Commission's new European Capital of Smart Tourism 2019 competition. The applicants were 38 cities from 19 European Union member states. Ten cities were shortlisted for the final: besides Helsinki also Brussels, Ljubljana, Lyon, Mlaga, Nantes, Palma, Pozna, Tallinn and Valencia.The finalists were selected according to the cities' accessibility, sustainability in tourism, digital solutions, cultural heritage and creativity.Helsinki will make a presentation before the jury in Brussels on 24 September, and the winners will be announced on 7 November in connection with the European Tourism Day event.More informationEuropean Capital of Smart TourismPresentation of the finalists
According to the report, Finland needs a new, top-class museum of architecture and design. Finnish architecture and design attract interest at both the national and the international level. The important collections of the Museum of Finnish Architecture and the Design Museum and the demand in the field lay a strong foundation for the development of a new museum complex. The museum should speak widely to different groups of visitors. According to the report, it would also play an important role as a databank for architecture and design, a learning environment and a visitor attraction and inspire societal discussion.
The report proposes that the museum be located to a new building with interesting architecture and design and meeting the requirements of modern museum operations. The team of rapporteurs proposes a merger of the current museums into one organisation in which both sectors can develop. The work on the report was launched in spring 2018 by the Ministry of Education and Culture and the City of Helsinki in cooperation with the foundation for the Design Museum and the foundation for the Museum of Finnish Architecture and the Architecture Information Centre. The report was drawn up by Tuomas Auvinen, CEO, Mirkku Kullberg, Strategic Marketing Director and Ulla Ters, Innovator. The report was supported by a support group consisting of representatives of the Government, the City and the museums. Finland is famous for architecture and design that is present in everyone's day-to-day life and an important part of the Nordic idea of wellbeing. We have not managed to highlight this strength enough. Finland therefore deserves a Museum of Architecture and Design that reflects the international significance of its architecture and design, says Tuomas
Auvinen.The Ministry of Education and Culture and the City of Helsinki will decide on further reports in cooperation with the current museum organisations during the autumn.The Museum of Finnish Architecture and the Design Museum are among the most significant museums in Finland, and the Ministry considers it important that their expertise and collections be given a more prominent role and use. The new museum complex would provide more visibility and effectiveness to museum activities and, more widely, to the field of architecture and design as a whole. Finnish architecture and design are an integral part of our national heritage, an internationally recognised demonstration of the creativity of Finnish people. The report serves as an excellent basis for further preparation and decision-making, says Sampo Terho, Minister for European Affairs, Culture and Sport.Helsinki is an important city of art and culture. However, we must constantly aim at improving and expanding the services we offer to be able to create the preconditions for a good and inspiring life for the city residents and more reasons for tourists to choose Helsinki as their destination. We are known around the world especially for our architecture and design. It is natural to develop Helsinki as an ambitious trendsetter of these fields, says Jan Vapaavuori, Mayor of Helsinki. A report on the possibility of establishing a world-class Museum of Architecture and Design in Helsinki  The preconditions and required measures. Ministry of Education and Culture Publications 2018:29 World-class Museum of Architecture and Design to be established in Helsinki - Report in Finnish on the prerequisites for implementation and the necessary measuresDesign MuseumMuseum of Finnish Architecture
  The City of Helsinkis TYP Helsinki is a joint service for diverse fields of employment to promote employment. For 14 years, TYP Helsinki has served Helsinki jobseekers who have been unemployed for extended periods of time. The joint service, based in Alppila, will launch new types of focused services for customers during the autumn season 2018.Good examples of our new services include recruiting meetings customized for our jobseekers and new agile development projects, says the director of TYP Helsinki Tanja Sthlberg.There is a great need for new solutions. According to new statistics from the Ministry of Employment and the Economy, employment is developing positively in Helsinki but, at the same time, the number of people whose unemployment has lasted for more than five years is on the increase. Periods of unemployment are often repeated.The autumn seasons first recruiting meeting  Rekrytreffit  will be held on 30 August in cooperation with the logistics company Barona Logistiikka. At this meeting focusing on warehouse logistics, the company staff will meet with jobseekers with long periods of unemployment. TYP Helsinki will hold focused recruiting meetings in other fields of employment suffering from worker shortages during the autumn season, such as construction, care and retail. According to enterprise coordinator Lasse
Jekunen, the benefits of focused meetings are unquestionable.Recruiting meetings enable jobseeker customers to bypass the job application stage and to present their skills and motivation directly to potential employers. Employers can interview a large number of jobseekers during one meeting only, and some jobseekers can be employed during the same day, Jekunen says.We have found recruiting meetings to be a good way to meet jobseekers and to hire new workers, says Janne Bergqvist, the human resource director of Barona Logistiikka. Currently we truly have a significant number of job openings in different areas, and the barrier to be employed in these jobs is low. A good attitude goes a long way, and were ready to train our workers as logistics professionals.TYP Helsinki currently has about 4,000 customers, whose backgrounds range from little education to doctoral degrees. More than 30 percent are foreign-born. The question how to advance the employment of foreign-born jobseekers is studied by several working groups. A key role in the development of services is played by cooperation with Helsinki Vocational College and Helsinki Skills Center. The Duunipolku
Helsinki (job path Helsinki) project, which is a part of the 6Aika Six Cities Strategy, charts the wishes of employers and the skills of jobseekers in relation to workplace needs. It is important to support the workplace, job-seeking and digital skills of all jobseekers irrespective of their backgrounds, education and work history.The skills of jobseekers are enriched with such services as focused training, job application training and work tryouts. The vocational education reform makes it possible to transition from training to employment increasingly flexibly. For example, apprenticeship contracts can now be made for only short periods of time, Sthlberg emphasizes.TYP
  The Housing Fair Finland Co-op's new urban event will highlight fresh approaches to future city living and will showcase the everyday life of Jtksaari residents. The City Living event, to be held for the first time between 1 and 9 September, will be organised in cooperation with the City of Helsinki. The event concept can be implemented in all types of emerging urban environments in Finland and overseas. Access to the event is free.
With our new City Living concept, we want to invite people to explore the new, urban neighbourhood of Jtksaari. For nine days, the public will have the opportunity to see and experience urban living through a completely new residential area that is under construction. We also want to discuss the future of housing: how urbanisation and other trends such as new global services will change our lives. The future of housing will be considered from a number of perspectives during the event, thanks to our particularly diverse partner network, says Harri Tuomaala, Managing Director of the Housing Fair Finland Co-op.
Helsinki is growing at the same pace as the popularity of urban living. Responding to the challenges of sustainable urban development is one of our most important tasks when building Helsinki. Our goal is to build a Helsinki where daily life is smooth and where climate smartness is integrated with the building of functional communities in the neighbourhoods, says Anni
Sinnemki, Deputy Mayor for Urban Environment.The City Living in Jtksaari event offers participants an opportunity to explore elements that characterise urban living such as communal spaces, courtyards and services in Jtksaari.
"In addition to these, discussions and seminars will bring various partners together. Urban researchers, architects, builders, service providers and a large number of specialists in various fields will discuss the future of housing from the viewpoint of the development of digital services, the ageing population, communality and sustainable urban development and architecture, explains Kimmo Rnk, Future Living Specialist at Housing Fair Finland, who is in charge of the programme content. Nine days full of different eventsThe City Living in Jtksaari event offers a versatile programme for all visitors, from factual content to more entertaining activities. It will be easy to navigate the different event sites using the event app. ""People can visit some very interesting sites in Jtksaari during the event, taking their time to see what they like and making an adventure of it. There will also be guided tours such as a resident showing visitors around in a residential building, a guided Instagram walking tour with an architect and a representative from the Finnish Museum of Photography and Parkour Helsinki's parkour course across Jtksaari,"" says Producer Mikko Leisti."
  During the two event weekends there will be events for families on different sites in Jtksaari, including the parkour course that is said to be the best in Helsinki.
future and sustainable urban developmentOn the weekdays of 3 to 7 September, the diverse aspects of urban living will be explored in discussions led by researchers and specialists in seminars with various themes, in the Urban Research takes to the Streets programme and in the less formal Jtk Talks! events. The seminars and workshops will focus on one topical theme, and they will be held every weekday from 12:00 to 16:00 at the Clarion Hotel. On Monday, city and urban living will be considered as a service boosted by digitalisation, and the event will also be attended by the Mayor of Helsinki, Jan Vapaavuori. On Tuesday, the Think Tank  the City Living in the Future seminar will feature state-supported housing projects and research findings on housing trends and new concepts. On Wednesday, the topics will include communal housing and construction. Thursday is the day of sustainable urban development, led by the Ministry of the Environment, and the seminar will be opened by Kimmo Tiilikainen, Minister of Housing, Energy and the Environment. The week will end on Friday with the opening seminar for the architecture and innovation competition Housing Reform Helsinki  Housing 2020 the seminar will feature speeches about housing trends in Europe and new types of wooden housing. Urban research for everyone
Every afternoon between 14:00 and 16:00, the Urban Research takes to the Streets programme  held at Jtksaari Pavilion  will introduce the audience to current research on cities, neighbourhoods and all of us. Researchers will describe their most recent research results in short popularised presentations. The themes will include the everyday living conditions and dreams of the ageing population, neighbours working together and stories, places and histories. The theme-based days will end with Jtk Talks! discussions between 17:00 and 18:00 these will be less formal, moderated talks about various housing-related themes. 
 The City Living event will be perfect for anyone interested in urban housing and living as well as for housing experts. The main venue of the event will be Hyvntoivonpuisto ('the park of good will') and Jtksaari Pavilion, which is located in the park. Expert panels built around topical themes will be held every weekday at the Clarion Hotel.
Nearly 40,000 randomly selected residents of the Helsinki region, over 7 years of age, will receive an invitation to the Travel Survey between 27 August and 23 November 2018. The survey examines residents travel habits. It is worth responding to the survey, as it will provide important information about transport to support decision-making and drawing up of future plans.We need comprehensive, research-based information to support transport planning and make transport policy decisions. The only way to obtain an overall view of peoples travel habits and reasons for travel is to conduct an extensive sample survey, says the head of HSLs research group, Marko Vihervuori.The survey aims to collect information about travel by residents of all ages using all modes of transport. Consequently, it is of outmost importance that all those invited to the survey respond, whether they travel by car, public transport, bicycle, foot or even if they do not travel at all.The survey is mainly online, but respondents over 70 years of age will be interview by phone. Also children aged 7 years and above will be invited. Children can respond independently or with the help of a parent. In addition to overall travel habits, the survey asks respondents to fill in a travel diary recording the journeys they make during a predetermined day.Read more:Helsinki Regional Transport Campaign video for the survey
What kind of travellers came and visited Helsinki last year? How many overnight stays were recorded? How did Helsinki do in the competition against the other Scandinavian capitals? A report (Helsingin matkailuvuosi 2017) by Pekka Mustonen, a Special Researcher at Helsinki City Executive Office, analyses tourism in Helsinki in 2017 from many perspectives.Last year, tourism growth in Helsinki was among the strongest in Europe. In the other Scandinavian capitals, tourism increased more slowly. In terms of foreigners overnight stays, for example, increase in Helsinki was in a league of its own. Yet Stockholm is still the unthreatened number one in Scandinavia in terms of overnight stays overall.Thus, Helsinki is interesting  at least judging from the unprecedented numbers of air passengers and overnight stays. These last few years, overnight stay statistics for both Finland as a whole and for Helsinki have shown high numbers of Russians, and now their proportion was around nine per cent in Helsinki. After a trough in 2014-2016, Russian overnight stays are now, importantly, back in a rising trend. In addition, Japanese overnight stays have continued to increase steadily, while also a more recent trend  growing numbers of Chinese overnight stays  has been rising strongly. Besides Russia, Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States and Sweden are in the top five, making up the solid basis of foreign overnight stays in Helsinki. From the angle of sustainable tourism, this is very welcome indeed. Helsinki is not too dependent on just one or two countries in this respect.Is the accommodation capacity sufficient?With recent strong growth in tourism in Helsinki, there has been much talk about accommodation capacity in Helsinki and whether it is large enough. In 2017, there were 77 registered accommodation establishments in Helsinki, of which 69 were hotels. In the Helsinki Metropolitan Area as a whole, there were 101 accommodation establishments. Recently, alternative forms of accommodation such as Airbnb have become increasingly popular all over the world. According to indicative figures, monthly Airbnb accommodation amounted to a maximum of 2,400 homes and around 500 private rooms (in August) in Helsinki in 2017. Thus maximally, the aggregate Airbnb capacity in Helsinki has reached almost 3,000 accommodations. The occupancy rate of Airbnb accommodation was steadily over 50 per cent, with a peak of almost 80 per cent in August. According to Helsinkis City Strategy, the most important task of the city authorities is to ensure sustainable growth. From the angle of tourism, this means that the three most important dimensions of sustainable development, namely ecology, socio-cultural values and economic sustainability, must be accounted for. Tourism promotion has many dimensions. It is not just about determined efforts to raise statistic figures but, especially, about developing the conditions for tourism and  in a broader sense  consolidating the citys international profile and seeing to its interests. If a city is well-functioning and a good place to live for residents, it is so for visitors, too. At the same time, of course, many services and infrastructural projects sparked by tourism are often of use and pleasure to locals as well.2017 was an exceptional record year in tourism in Helsinki. The report gives a good picture of how the increase came about. I am particularly glad that tourism growth here is on stable ground. People come to Helsinki from a lot of countries, and the balance between work-related travel and leisure tourism is good, says Laura Aalto, a CEO at Helsinki Marketing.Read more in Finnish:Helsingin matkailuvuosi 2017 (Pdf.)Helsingin matkailuvuosi 2017 (ISSUU)Helsingin matkailun tiekartta (Pdf.)
Some of the City of Helsinki work equipment and other vehicles have shifted to biofuels since the summer of 2017. Carbon dioxide emissions have declined significantly, but how do renewable fuels affect the engines capacity, functionality and maintenance needs? These are some of the aspects that will be observed in a year-long field test conducted by the City of Helsinki construction and maintenance services provider Stara and VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland.VTTs earlier findings from research carried out in laboratory conditions give strong support for the claims that biofuels function at least as well as fossil fuels and that they do not harm equipment.Two identical Wille maintenance vehicles of Stara will be equipped for one year with sensors that measure the vehicles exhaust gas emissions at various work stages. One of the Willes runs on renewable diesel and the other on fossil diesel.The sensors will also ensure that the work vehicles used in the study will be operated with similar loads and for similar durations.The results gained from the field will reveal the impact of renewable fuels on equipment in long-term use, in different assignments and in varied weather conditions.VTT researcher Rasmus Pettinenbelieves that renewable fuels actually diminish the loading of the engines exhaust gas treatment system and so help to extend maintenance intervals.Our goal is to show that second-generation renewable diesel fuels function well in year-round use and can fully replace fossil diesel, Pettinen says.The shift to biofuels originates from the Biosata project, which seeks to make the Helsinki region the worlds best place to test smart and clean solutions.Read more:Emissions
Helsinki reached 16th place in the survey of the most liveable cities in the world, published today by The Economist Intelligence Unit. The total score of Helsinki matches last year's, but the overall ranking dropped as other cities have pulled ahead. Last year Helsinki was number nine on the list.The three most liveable cities this year were Vienna, Melbourne and Osaka. One Nordic city made the top ten, Copenhagen in ninth position. No other European cities were among the top ten.The yearly report compared living conditions in 140 cities. Significant factors were assessed across the categories of stability, infrastructure, educational system, healthcare, culture and environment.More informationThe Global Liveability Index 2018
"Good guides improve the urban environment and guide the flow of people in the right direction. This autumn, new digital guidance services can be piloted in the Market Square area.We are currently looking for developers for digital signposts through competitive bidding. Digital signposts can include, for example,mobile services and touchscreens on the street, says Project Director Anu Kiiskinen from the City of Helsinki Urban Environment Division.Digital signposts are first developed through agile trials. The competitive bidding for these agile trials is currently ongoing until 29 August 2018. You can review the content of the request for quotes in HILMA.""We intend to implement these agile trials this autumn, and pilot the newly-developed services in 2019. This autumn, our objective is to conduct 14 trials with a maximum budget of EUR 10,000 each.""Through digital services, it may bepossible to offer citizens customised information on events, services and opening hours around the Market Square in the future. Service developers, in turn, are awarded an opportunity to use the Market Square as an experiment platform.Developing guides is part of the joint Ecosystem of Guidance project between Helsinki, Tampere and Turku. It is funded by the 6Aika strategy of six cities that develops more open and smarter services.Photo: Jussi Hellsten"
  The small and picturesque island of Vasikkasaari can be reached from the Helsinki Market Square by waterbus in just a quarter of an hour. The City of Helsinki plans to develop the island into a local nature destination. According to Helsinkis maritime strategy manager Minttu Perttula, movement on the island will be easier and safer as early as next summer.Helsinki will continue to open islands close to the city shoreline over the next few years in accordance with the Citys maritime strategy. Last year the general public got to know Vallisaari, and this summers new destination is Isosaari. The next island to join the list will be Vasikkasaari next to the islands of Lonna and Suomenlinna. Vasikkasaari is part of the local neighbourhood of the residents of Kruunuvuorenranta. 
Old trails on Vasikkasaari will be improved and rebuilt, and there will be more signs and new services provided in cooperation with entrepreneurs.
The majority of the 18-hectare island is in its natural state. The impressive rocks on the western side of the island open fine views to Suomenlinna and the city centre.All development will take place with regard to the islands natural values and in cooperation with entrepreneurs and cottage dwellers, Perttula ensures.
Vasikkasaari has a summer population of about 150. They are members of the Vasikkasaari cottage society, which leases land from the City of Helsinki for summer cottages.The tenants have patiently co-existed with island visitors over the years. Now that the recreational uses of the island are known to be increasing, it will be in the best interests of both the summer residents and local nature that the island will be developed with close attention to safety, general comfort and the environment.
Vasikkasaari tenants report that the numbers of visits to the island keep increasing. Therefore the island should be developed with a gentle touch: visits to the island should respect nature and the peace of tenants, Perttula asserts.Vasikkasaari already welcomes walkers and hikers. However, signs and toilet facilities are still inadequate. Hikers should beware of fallen and dangerous structures. Waterbuses still serve Vasikkasaari in August but only on weekends.Read
Helsinki Festival is the largest arts festival in Finland, organised annually in late summer. The festivals aim is to make art accessible for all. The programme line-up features classical and world music, theatre, dance, circus and visual arts as well as a range of urban events.In 2018, Helsinki Festival is organised on Aug 17th  Sept 2nd.The Night of the Arts is next arranged on August 23rd.Kunsthalle Helsinki will exhibit DavidHockneys rarely-seen works: studies of water, portraits and surprising sets of works  known for his flashing use of colour, Hockney is also capable of delicate printmaking and he has illustrated, for example, his own versions of fairy tales by the Brothers Grimm!In addition to the show, Steve Vai offers the audience a great opportunity to hear the secrets of his guitar playing. At the event organised at Huvila Festival Tent. Read more:Helsinki FestivalProgrammeNight of the Arts
There will be changes to bus routes in August. In September, a direct connection to the Health and Well-being Centre will be opened through the REDI shopping centre. Changes to bus routes starting from 13 AugustDirectly to the Health and Well-being Centre from the metro starting from 20 SeptemberHow will transport connections be improved?Click here toread theFrequently Asked Questions section. 
The MyHelsinki.fi website has a new section presenting Helsinkis unique archipelago destinations. This is the first time that information about all of Helsinkis maritime attractions has been compiled on one website. The City of Helsinkis maritime strategy aims to promote the accessibility of its islands.The Neighbourhoods section of the MyHelsinki.fi online service presents the citys most fascinating districts. This section features the best local sights, restaurants and events in the neighbourhoods, all the way from Vuosaari to the east to Ullanlinna and Lauttasaari to the west. Helsinkis island destinations have also been listed together under the heading Seaside Helsinki.
the Palvelukartta.hel.fi website, which now includes descriptions of almost 30 island destinations. This work is just beginning, but we aim to open new maritime attractions already next summer, adds Minttu Perttula, Project Manager for the City of Helsinkis Maritime Strategy.
Ulla Jokisalos (b. 1955) exhibition Imaginations of Freedom is an exploration of the ways the artist has exercised her freedom. As a foundation for the show, Jokisalo selected from the HAM Collection six of her works completed between 1983 and 2001. This is not a retrospective exhibition, however, but a new kind of artistic configuration based on a dialogue between older collection works and recent ones produced specifically for this show. The exhibition includes about 60 works completed in 2018.Although there have been many changes in my style over the decades, I still build my exhibitions conceptually and on the basis of literary inspiration. My goal artistically is to make every one of my exhibitions a narratively coherent and unified whole, says Ulla Jokisalo.Because Jokisalos art is typically based on narrativity, each segment of the show is an independent story with its own heading. The titles of individual works also explore the theme of the show, which in the works is expressed in the form of paradoxes, a characteristic feature of Jokisalos art. Refusing to confine herself to any one genre, Jokisalo uses a range of different media in her work.
"This year, record volumes of solar energy were obtained from Helen's own solar power plants at Kivikko and Suvilahti from March onwards. May was the most productive month in the solar power plants over many years.Although the record period of continuous extremely hot weather in Finland this year was in June-July, the most productive days in solar electricity terms fell in May. In that month, Helen's Kivikko solar power plant generated more than 158,000 kilowatt hours of solar electricity, the highest monthly production in the plant's entire history.The production of the very hot July totalled 140,000 kilowatt hours, 13 per cent higher than that of July last year. Nevertheless, the July production fell short of June and May. ""This summer, the sun has embraced both holidaymakers and solar power producers compared to the rainy summer of last year. In July, however, the air temperatures reached such high levels that the efficiency rate of the panels fell because they overheated. This is the reason for May being the best summer month in terms of solar power generation,"" says Product Manager Krista Jaatinen from Helen.On completion of the Suvilahti solar power plant, Helen was the first in Finland to launch a scheme of 'designated panels', which has now also spread to other parts of the country. The Kivikko plant also operates the designated panel scheme. By renting a designated panel, anyone can become a solar electricity producer by paying a monthly charge.Read more"
  Nordic Safe Cities is a city network initiated in 2016 and coordinated by the Nordic Council of Ministers. The network works to promote safety in the Nordic countries by counteracting radicalization and violent extremism.The network comprises more than 30 Nordic cities. The network gives the participating cities an opportunity to network as well as to share and distribute information. The network also supports the participating cities in their efforts to implement local projects.
The Nordic Safe Cities network convened in a conference at the Helsinki City Hall at the end of May 2018 under the theme Light on Life. The network holds annual conferences in Nordic cities.Work to counteract polarization, extremism and radicalization is a continuous activity both in the Nordic countries and elsewhere in Europe. Unfortunate incidents worldwide create fear of darkness and challenge our beliefs about democracy and social togetherness both locally and in broader perspectivesTo respond to these challenges, the delegates of the Nordic Safe Cities network at the Helsinki conference presented ideas and concrete initiatives to bring light to darkness: projects realized by the network in 2017, the host city Helsinkis own activities, and events taking place in the current year. The conference delegates numbered roughly 100 and included city leaders, experts, officials, researchers, activists and representatives of the networks international partners. 
The main speakers at the Helsinki conference included Sylvia Bottarinof the European Union (Prevention and Radicalization Unit) and Rebecca Skellett representing the ISD Strong Cities network. As examples of the activities of Helsinki to create a safer city, Helsinki presented the Ankkuri (Anchor) campaign combining experts of many fields and carried out in collaboration with the Helsinki Police Department the City
belongs to everybody campaign of the EHYT Finnish Association for Substance Abuse Prevention and the training campaign Minun Silmin Sinun Silmin, which translates as Through my eyes, through your eyes. The campaigns seek to create a safer city for everybody by counteracting polarization, by creating a feeling of togetherness and by offering young people support through a combination of the expertise of several fields.Helsinkis vision is to be the worlds most functional city. One of the preconditions of a functional city is safety. Safety, mutual trust and a feeling of togetherness create a rewarding urban environment.
Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori stated in his address to the conference that a safe and strong city can be achieved only through cooperation and partnerships. The Nordic Safe Cities network provides a good platform to achieve the goal.
"  Finland was mainly viewed in a positive or neutral light in international online articles and social media discussions. A recent media analysis shows that Helsinki succeeded well in seizing the opportunity to bask in the spotlight of the international media.The Ministry for Foreign Affairs and the City of Helsinki commissioned analyses of media and network exposure of the impacts of the Helsinki meeting of the US and Russian Presidents on discussions about Helsinki and Finland in various social media channels and online media. The analyses were based on the use of Helsinki and Finland as search words. Both the content and quantitative results were examined and the figures were compared with figures collected in June. International digital news media were monitored from 2 July to 20 July. During the monitoring period, over 343,000 articles were collected with a combined potential click rate of 342 billion. By far the most articles were published in the United States, followed by Russia and the United Kingdom. The value of the media exposure gained by Helsinki through the meeting is calculated to amount to EUR 3.2 billion.The majority of the online articles focused on reporting on the meeting. Helsinki and Finland were mentioned as the venue of the meeting in either a neutral or positive tone. In some articles, however, the host country and city were discussed in more detail. A campaign launched by Helsingin Sanomat, demonstrations and a limited-edition lager, inspired by the meeting, gained special visibility. The international Media Center at Finlandia Hall was also the theme of several highly favourable articles. In monitoring the social media coverage from 26 June to 17 July, Trump, Putin and Finland or Helsinki produced 404,546 hits in the ten most-often used languages. On 16 July, the day of the meeting, these search words were used 85,700 times in social media channels. The potential audience exposed to these words was over 17 billion people. Facebook accounted for 9.4 billion and Twitter for 7.6 billion of the total number of clicks. (Facebook's reach is based on its open pages only, excluding private, closed pages.) In the same period, the potential reach of social media content related to Finland, that is, discussions using only #Finland as the search word, without Trump and Putin, was 571 million. In the meeting-related discussions, Finland is portrayed as a liberal, developed and advanced country as well as a mirror reflecting developments in the two countries (USA and Russia). The number of messages relating to Finland on the day of the meeting grew sevenfold in English and fivefold in Russian when compared with the monitoring period conducted in June. The growth in the number of new participants in social media and online discussions was also positive. ""Money can't buy visibility on this scale. It was Helsinki 's task to provide the best possible venue for the meeting and in this we succeeded very well. A positive media exposure strengthens the reputation of Helsinki as a well-functioning destination for tourists and also as a city capable of hosting congresses and international meetings,"" says Jan Vapaavuori, Mayor of Helsinki. ""From the perspective of country branding, the benefits gained from a positive experience of a meeting will often show only in the long term. As to immediate visibility, the Helsinki meeting itself and, above all, major media professionals' countless glowing comments about Finland single out the event as an unprecedented success,"" says Petra Theman, Director of the Unit for Public Diplomacy at the Ministry for Foreign Affairs.More information:The"
During Helsinki Festival 2018, the newly restored Bio Rex cinema goes back 50 years to the crazy year of 1968. The August series of events entitled 1968 @ Bio Rex reflects on the protest movements, yearning for freedom and future visions of the landmark year and how the phenomena look like today.Year 1968 marked not only the first year of the annual Helsinki Festival but also protests. How are the years protest movements and yearning for freedom reflected on the present day? This question is discussed at evening events hosted by the Amos Rex art museum and held at Bio Rex. The events will artistically centre on film screenings but will also envision the future.The special film screenings will focus on the themes of 1968 as well as the films ranging from visions for the future to freedom of speech. There will be performances, live music, discussions, surprise guests and unique immersive experiences that usher the audience deeper into the world of the films.Screenings of 2001: A Space Odyssey and The Unbearable Lightness of BeingOver the course of five nights, the audience will be treated to 2001: A Space Odyssey directed by Stanley Kubrick, which explores the nature of man and technology and questions whether artificial intelligence can bridge gaps between people. Philip Kaufmanns The Unbearable Lightness of Being is built on rebellious karaoke, manifestos and revolutionary poetry. D. A. Pennebakers Monterey Pop, which caught the spirit of the hippie movement, will lead the audience to discuss todays youth culture. In addition, Bio Rex will host Salakino (secret cinema), which takes the cinematic experience to new levels with Stanley Kubrics last film Eyes Wide Shut.Programme and tickets:20 August: Roots
Culture Now! The events are organized by Helsinki Festival in cooperation with Amos Rex, Globe Art Point, KAVI, Korjaamo and the Runokuu festival. Helsinki Festival will run from 17 August to 2 September. Tickets are sold by Ticketmaster Suomi.Read more:Helsinki Festival
Better than the front row  Take your seat onstage, right in front of Esa-Pekka Salonen!Experience the third movement of Sibeliuss Fifth Symphony like never before: through virtual reality headsets and headphones. Helsinki Art Museum HAM invites you into the heart of the Philharmonia Orchestra conducted by Esa-Pekka Salonen.Find out what it feels like to be inside one of the worlds greatest orchestras. As you turn your head, the 3D audio and video allow you to fully experience the nuances of each instrumental section, with sound so detailed you will even hear the score pages turning!Be transported onto the platform in the centre of the orchestra as Esa-Pekka Salonen, Principal Conductor and Artistic Advisor of Londons Philharmonia Orchestra, conducts a performance of Sibeliuss Fifth Symphony.This 360-degree experience brings you closer to the inner workings of a symphony orchestra than ever before. No matter your age, whether you are a seasoned concertgoer or entirely new to classical music, be sure to find yourself standing in awe!As Esa-Pekka Salonen, Principal Conductor & Artistic Advisor of the Philharmonia Orchestra said: The incredible power of virtual reality is that it is disappointing to leave it  to come back to reality. There is no doubt that for classical music virtual reality will be a very powerful, useful medium, and I am very excited to be taking part in this project.The Virtual Orchestra: Sibelius 360 / HAM Helsinki Art Museum 16.-29.8.2018 / Free entranceRead more
  Helsinki's bednights growth in 2017 was faster than ever before. The recent city ranking published by the European Cities Marketing (ECM) network puts Helsinki in the topeleven of bednights growth. The ranking is based on the development of the number of registered bednights in ECM Member Cities. The annual ECM Benchmarking Report was now published for the 14th time. The ranking includes 126 cities. In the summer of 2017, European Cities Marketing predicted an average bednights growth of 6.4 per cent for the whole year in the cities included in the ranking. The realised growth was 7.4 per cent. In Helsinki, the bednights growth last year was no less than 17 per cent, clearly exceeding the member city average. Both the city and business life have done a good job with the tourism development, which can be seen in this ranking too as a clearly bigger bednight growth in Helsinki. It must still be acknowledged that, in terms of the total number of tourists, we are still trailing behind our reference cities, such as Stockholm and Copenhagen. That is why we must keep investing in tourism development, says Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.London dominated the ranking for the number of bednights. Paris, Berlin and Rome were the runners up here. The bednights growth in Helsinki was the 8th fastest. The capitals of the neighbouring countries, Stockholm, Copenhagen, Oslo and Tallinn, are all found further down the ranking. The growth in these cities remained under the five per cent mark.In the relative growth of Chinese bednights, Helsinki was ranked 12th. The Chinese bednights grew by 32 per cent compared to 2016. In this category, Oslo reached 5th place. However, in the absolute growth of Chinese bednights, Helsinki passed the capitals of the neighbouring countries.The ranking has been compiled as a result of co-operation and exchange of information between the tourism, conference and marketing people in the member cities of European Cities Marketing. In addition to the compilation of statistics in each city, the objective of the collaboration is to create and share best practices of the cities within the network and further the sustainable growth of the tourist cities.European Cities Marketing 
Supervised public playground activities in Helsinki go back 104 years, and todays network of 66 public playgrounds in the city are an important part of Helsinki and the citys urban culture. The visibility of childrens culture in the city centre will increase significantly with Playground Loru, a new downtown public playground that will open and be run in conjunction with Helsinki Central Library Oodi.Tiina Mesiniemi, the leading public playground supervisor for the city centre area (KampinmalmiLauttasaariTl), welcomes families with small children to Loru from its opening day, 5 December 2018.Playground Loru will be a meeting place for the residents of the Helsinki city centre area and families visiting the centre, Mesiniemi says. Loru will help young families to find the public playgrounds of their local areas and, through playgrounds, the rich recreational offerings of playgrounds to families. Thus we help to build an increasingly functional city.Playground Loru will introduce Helsinki visitors to an open city that encourages people of different ages to meet each other and to be active in their everyday lives. The entire city is an environment for learning, in which all actors build culture and promote childrens citizen rights.At Playground Loru (the Finnish for rhyme), tales and rhymes encourage people of all ages to join supervised games and to enter the world of fairytale.More information:Helsinki Central Library Oodi
  Major disruptions to I, P, L and A trains from 18 July -4 August - some trains will not run between Helsinki and Pasila during the daytime.
The second phase of the Helsinki rail yard improvement project will affect HSLs commuter train services 18 July-4 August. The works will affect I, P, L and A trains. Some trains will not run between Helsinki and Pasila during the daytime. In addition, A and L trains will not stop at Ilmala. Passengers going to Ilmala can change to an I or P train at Huopalahti or Pasila, for example. At night, bus 23 or 23N runs from Pasila to Ilmala.A trains will operate a reduced service, running between Helsinki and Leppvaara every 30 minutes 17 July-4 August. There will be changes to departure tracks at Pasila station and passengers are advised to check their platform at the station. Night services, other commuter trains and long-distance trains will run as usual.I and P trainsDuring the daytime, P trains will leave from Pasila and run to Helsinki Airport via Huopalahti and Myyrmki.I trains from the airport will run via Myyrmki and Huopalahti and terminate at Pasila during the daytime.At night, P and I train will not stop at Ilmala.I and P trains to/from Helsinki Airport:Only P trains will run from the airport to Helsinki via Tikkurila. I trains will run from Helsinki to the airport via Tikkurila.From Monday to Friday, P trains will leave from Pasila 6.08am-9.57pm.
I trains from Helsinki Airport 5.14am-9.19pm will terminate at Pasila.On Saturdays, P trains will leave from Pasila 8.08am-9.57pm.
I trains from Helsinki Airport 7.34am-9.19pm will terminate at Pasila.On Sundays, P trains will leave from Pasila 10.23am-9.57pm.I trains from Helsinki Airport 9.44am-9.19pm will terminate at Pasila.The track works are part of the Finnish Transport Agencys HELRA Project, liikennevirasto.fi/helra.Read moreHSLMajor disruptions to I, P, K and N trains from 25 June ( published 13.06.2018)
The City of Helsinki and the Hamina Tattoo international military music festival are organising the Mini Tattoo festival in Senate Square on Monday 30 July starting at 12noon. Mini Tattoo will present a selection of the marching bands performing at this years Hamina Tattoo.The approximately one-hour concert in Helsinki will feature performances by the Conscript Band of the Finnish Defence Forces, the Band of Her Majestys Royal Marines CTCRM (UK), the Republic of Korea Ministry Of National Defences Traditional Band (South Korea) and the Band Of His Majesty The Kings Guard (Norway). The joint performance of the bands will be conducted by Lieutenant Colonel (Mus.) Jyrki Koskinen, Chief Conductor of the Finnish Defence Forces, and the concert will be hosted by Mikael Konttinen.The Hamina Tattoo international military music festival will take place in the historic quarter of Hamina from Monday 30 July to Saturday 4 August. The theme of this years festival is 100 Years of the Finnish Defence Forces.The first Mini Tattoo was organised in Helsinki in 1990. Since then, Hamina Tattoo has held its Mini Tattoo in the nations capital.This event is free of charge.
Health centre fees will no longer be charged to customers who visit health centres in Helsinki but live elsewhere in Finland or abroad. Visiting health centres was previously free-of-charge for citizens of Helsinki, however, customers who do not live in Helsinki had to pay EUR 16.40 for each visit. The Helsinki City Council decided to abolish the fee in June. The health centre fee is the charge for an appointment with a health centre doctor at a health centre or a health and well-being centre. The City may charge the municipality where the customer resides for the cost of care for the customer.www.hel.fi/terveysasemat
  The Finnish summer is lovely, lets enjoy it. You should remember, however, that hot weather can pose a health risk. When the weather gets hot, you should try to cool indoor air, if possible, and avoid spending time in hot places and direct sunlight. Wearing light clothing and covering your head will help you cope. It is important to drink enough water throughout the day. Remember to care for your loved ones, as well. In particular, the elderly and those suffering from long-term illnesses may need your help. For more useful tips, see the Kesterveys (staying healthy in the summer) website (in Finnish) created by the National Institute for Health and Welfare.
  Please also see the Helteen terveyshaitat (Warm weather health risks) website (in Finnish) created by the National Institute for Health and Welfare.
Enrolment on the autumn 2018 courses of the Finnish Adult Education Centre starts on 13 August. After the August enrolment period, courses will be announced and enrolments accepted in a nonstop manner through the academic year. The majority of the autumn 2018 course offering is available online at ilmonet.fi/#en. Enrolment will begin stepwise by area of study as follows and continue thereafter through the academic year:Monday 13 August Visual Arts  Information Technology  MediaTuesday 14 August Physical Education, Health and Wellbeing Wednesday 15
   Domestic ScienceThursday 16 August Handicraft  Literature, Drama and Native Language  Music  Nature, Environment and Maritime Transport Friday17
August Languages  S2Advance enrolment is available on courses that continue previous course contents (such as basic language courses). Students entitled to advance enrolment have been notified. Advance enrolment is now open and will close on Thursday, 2 August. Advance enrolment can be done as normal, that is, online at https://ilmonet.fi/#en. Advance enrolments are also accepted at the Finnish Adult Education Centre offices and over the phone during office hours.The Finnish Adult Education Centre is reforming operations and has stopped printing complete course offerings for new academic terms. From here on, we will publish a term brochure, which includes highlights and examples of the course offerings of different areas of study. All courses, lectures and events can be found at https://ilmonet.fi/#en. The autumn term begins on Monday, 3 September. The term opens with a combination of physical exercise and creative writing on morning walks in the Tlnlahti area, Kallio and Vallila.Walks entitled On the Footsteps of Authors (Kirjailijoiden jalanjljiss) acquaint students with authors active in the various districts. Students discuss the work of the authors and write themselves. The tours take students to the footsteps of Anja Snellman, Mikko Rimminen, Ilpo Tiihonen, Aleksis Kivi, Maria Jotuni and Mika Waltari. A historical walk focuses on the events of the Finnish Civil War 1918 in Kallio.Language learners can acquaint themselves with the Vietnamese culture and the main tourist attractions of the country, in addition to learning basic Vietnamese for travellers. Basic Spanish can be studied at a leisurely pace with a toddler (under 3 years of age) or an infant.A music course allows students to play on mobile orchestras and to learn to write music on an iPad. The highly popular course Rhythms and
Rhymes (Rytmej ja riimej) is continued under the supervision of rap artist Mika Haamu Kurvinen.The Street Art course immerses students in street and graffiti art, which is approached as a social and artistic phenomenon. The course comprises lectures, discussions and diverse assignments.The autumn term also introduces new partners. A course on outdoor games for kids in Laajasalo is implemented with the tenants association of the Helsinki housing company Heka Oy. The games emphasize physical activity and include versions of Hide-and-seek. Each adult course participant can bring along two children.
The principles of water management basic fees and connection fees in the Helsinki region will be altered as of the beginning of 2019. According to Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority HSY, which is the regional water and waste management services provider, the fees will be simplified, and fees for stormwater (rainwater and melt water) will be separated from other water fees.HSY has received negative feedback from customers on unclear charges, price lists and invoices. The fee structure will now be clarified.The principles for charging fees are simplified in the new fee structure. For example, several fee categories applied to different levels of buildings based on floor area are replaced with a basic fee based on the actual floor area of the property, says HSY Executive Director Raimo Inkinen.Another reason for the new fee structure is amendments to the law on stormwater. The law provides that water utility companies shall separate fees for stormwater sewers from water management fees. In the future, our customers will see on their invoices a stormwater fee, which is separated from water and wastewater fees. The stormwater fee used to be included in the water management basic fee. The stormwater fee covers some of the costs of the construction and maintenance of stormwater systems, says HSYs Water Services Director Tommi Fred.HSY customers will be informed about the new fee structure in more detail in October.
The work equipment and other vehicles of the City of Helsinki are rapidly shifting to biofuels. The emissions of the fleet have already declined markedly, although only some of the equipment and vehicles have been running on biofuels since summer 2017. By the end of April 2018, they had emitted 1,160 tonnes less carbon dioxide than in the corresponding period previously. The amount translates into more than a 20-percent reduction in the total emissions of Stara vehicles. Harmful local emissions have also declined markedly with the shift away from fossil fuels.The use of biofuels will be extended to other City vehicles. The Executive Board of Stara (the City of Helsinki construction and maintenance services provider) decided on 24 May 2018, that the primary fuel of all City diesel vehicles would be renewable diesel in the future.Helsinki air quality will improve especially in the city centre, as more and more City work equipment and other vehicles shift to renewable fuels, says Staras logistics unit leader Sami Aherva.Renewable diesel reduces greenhouse gas emissions. An even bigger improvement in terms of people and the environment is a decline in harmful local emissions thanks to renewable diesel.Renewable diesel reduces particle emissions by up to one-third in older cars and work equipment, Aherva affirms. At their best, biofuels reduce greenhouse gas emissions by up to 90 percent compared with fossil fuels.New generation renewable biofuelsThe renewable diesel used by the City of Helsinki work equipment represents the so-called new generation renewable biofuels, which are produced solely from waste and residues. The exhaust gases from these biofuels contain significantly less fine particles, hydrocarbons, carbon monoxide and nitrogen oxides than conventional fossil diesel.Biofuels perform as well as fossil fuels and do not harm work equipment, as shown, for example, by studies conducted by VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland Ltd.In accordance with its EcoCompass environmental programme, Stara is committed to making its operations carbon neutral by 2030. Stara will extend the requirement for the use of biofuels to the criteria of the competitive bid processes used to select subcontractors.Biosata project in the backgroundThe shift to biofuels in the City of Helsinki work fleet is based on the Biosata project, which is one of the projects of the Helsinki Metropolitan Smart & Clean Foundation. The goal is to make the Helsinki region the best test platform in the world for smart & clean technologies and solutions.During the course of the project, Staras work equipment and the bus services contracted by Helsinki Region Transport (HSL) will shift solely to renewable, waste-and-residue based biofuels by 2020.A large network of project partners will ensure a rapid shift to biofuels: Stara, Neste, HSL, UPM, Teboil, St1, the Ministry of Employment and the Economy, the Helsinki Metropolitan Smart & Clean Foundation, the Finnish Petroleum and Biofuels Association and VTT collaborate to strive at the widest possible use of biofuels in the project.
Visit.alvaraalto.fi is a new online service for friends of architecture and travel. The website compiles the unique architecture of Alvar Aalto and combines Aalto destinations with various tourist services throughout Finland.The website presents the best-known Aalto destinations and high-quality tourist services. Combinations of those can be used to create exciting Aalto tours throughout Finland. In addition to well-known architectural classics and lesser-known architectural sites, visitors can enjoy nature destinations, cultural attractions and culinary treats.The website presents several Aalto destinations in Helsinki. They include Finlandia Hall, the Rautatalo Office Building, the House of Culture, Studio Aalto (the architects office) and the Aalto House (the home and studio).There is a long list of Aalto destinations elsewhere in Finland. The destinations in the Lake Pijnne region include the acclaimed Syntsalo Town Hall, Muuratsalo Experimental House, which was the architects summer home, and the Alvar Aalto Museum, which allows visitors to immerse themselves in the world of Aaltos architecture, design and personal history.The tours have been designed and realized jointly by experts of Alvar Aalto Foundation, local tour guides and local entrepreneurs. This national architectural tour and tourism project was coordinated by Alvar Aalto Foundation and supported by the project fund of Finlands Ministry of Education and Culture for cultural tourism products.The website is available in English and Finnish.Go to the website: https://visit.alvaraalto.fi/en/
services on Monday morning. Now commuter trains are resuming normal. The electrical fault that has disrupted train traffic has been repaired.Further information: HSL Helsinki Regional Transport Authority 
The Presidents of the United States and of Russia will meet in Helsinki on Monday, July 16th.Helsinki is one of the places in the world that can be trusted to organize the meeting reliably  everything works well here, and we can organize a meeting of such magnitude in just two weeks. Only a few days after the meeting was announced, the meeting arrangements are already highly advanced, says Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.Questions and answersJoint release by Helsinki Police Department, City of Helsinki and Helsinki Region Transport 14 July 2018 on traffic arrangementsThe meeting arrangements are handled by the Office of the President of the Republic of Finland and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland. The Presidents will be accompanied by large delegations.Over 1,400 Finnish and international journalists have accredited to the meeting. There will also be a large number of tourists in Helsinki during the meeting of the Presidents. The City of Helsinki will aim to minimize disruptions and inconvenience to citizens and travelers caused by the meeting arrangements. Movement in the vicinity of the meeting venues will be restricted. The restrictions will be announced on the City of Helsinki website Hel.fi and on social media channels.
Helsinki Police Deparment will have up-to-the-minute information availableon Twitter at @HelsinkiPoliisi.Helsinki Region Transport:Summit likely to cause major disruptions to public transport in the capital region 15-16 JulyAviation will be restricted in the city of Helsinki and in the surrounding areas from 6 am on Sunday 15 July to 8 am on Tuesday 17 July 2018. The restrictions apply to all aviation, including unmanned aviation.
Inquiries concerning Helsinki administration, city environment, traffic arrangements, land use and city structure, buildings and public areas, services and permits:City of HelsinkiCommunications+358 9 310 36223City of HelsinkiLeila Oravisto +358 9 310 36103leila.oravisto@hel.fihttps://www.hel.fi  Information and articles about Helsinki https://www.myhelsinki.fi/en/helsinki2018-meetingImages, video and other materials about Helsinki: http://materialbank.myhelsinki.fi/ 
  There will be major disruptions to public transport in the Helsinki region on Sunday 15 July and Monday 16 July due to the meeting of the US and Russian presidents. Most of the disruptions will be on Monday between 11am and 8pm. All tram services in the city will be disrupted several times during the day. Main streets may be closed and emptied for the presidential motorcades. Several bus routes will be diverted during the closures, causing major delays and disruptions to bus services across the region. Suomenlinna ferry will not operate on Monday. The ferry will be replaced by the service ferry operating to Katajanokka. In addition, various protests will cause diversions and delays. People are advised to opt for walking, cycling, the Metro and commuter trains, if possible. Metro services and commuter trains will mostly operate as usual on Sunday and Monday. Please allow plenty of extra time for your journeys! Planned
Helsinki city centre to be closed to vehiclesThe meeting of the Presidents of the United States and Russia will have a major impact on traffic in Helsinki and Vantaa on Monday, 16 July 2018. The main impact will be felt in the vicinity of the Presidential Palace and on Mannerheimintie.Several motorcades will pass through the metropolitan area during the presidential visits. The motorcades will cause significant disruptions to traffic especially in the Helsinki city centre and also on routes between Helsinki Airport and the Helsinki city centre. No other traffic is allowed on routes when motorcades are proceeding.On Monday, the Market Square, the Esplanades and Etelranta will be closed to all vehicular traffic. (See map.pdf.) The South Harbour can be driven to through southern Helsinki on Tehtaankatu or other routes specified by the police. The Esplanades and a few streets in the city centre will be closed to vehicular traffic on Sunday. (See map.pdf)Approximately from 11:30 to 20:00, vehicular traffic in the Helsinki city centre will be affected by the following special arrangements:Traffic disruptions will be so significant that I recommend drivers to avoid the city centre, or at least to reserve plenty of time to reach their destinations. The Presidents schedules may change on a short notice, which would affect traffic and could cause long and unexpected breaks in various parts of Helsinki and Vantaa, says Chief of Police (acting) Heikki Kopperoinen of the Helsinki Police Department.I wish that citizens, entrepreneurs and visitors to Helsinki will have understanding and patience for the exceptional arrangements. Nevertheless, this is a fine opportunity for Helsinki and Finland. Lets show our city at its best and make a positive and service-minded impression of the city, encourages Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.The presidential visits will affect traffic as early as Sunday due to demonstrations and other reasons, but disruptions to traffic will be more limited than on the actual day of the visits on Monday.Public
transportPublic transport will be disrupted extensively on both Sunday and Monday, 1516 July. Most of the disruptions and long service breaks will occur on Monday approximately from 11:0020:00. The Metro and local trains will largely run as normal. Trams will be halted at times on Monday. Mannerheimintie will be closed at times, and many buses will be rerouted during road closures.Approximately 10 bike-share docking stations will be out of service on Sunday and Monday, 1516 July. Bikes cannot be returned to or picked up from these stations.More information on public transport disruptions and changes to public transport services is available from Helsinki Region Transport HSL at hsl.fi.Other
traffic arrangementsNo-stopping zones will be expanded in the city for the duration of the presidential visits. Cars parked in these zones will be moved to nearby areas starting no later than Saturday evening.Water transport will also be restricted due to the presidential visits. Private vessels will be prohibited in front of the Presidential Palace on Monday. Market operations on the Market Square will be cancelled for the entire day on Monday, and the waterbus and cruise vessel piers at the Market Square will be closed. The Suomenlinna islands will be served by the Suomenlinna maintenance ferry, which departs from Katajanokka. Suomenlinna and Vallisaari can also be reached by waterbus from Hakaniemi. Water transport services at the Market Square will operate as normal during the weekend.
Finlandia Hall will serve as the meetings Media Centre. Cycling will be rerouted from behind Finlandia Hall to Mannerheimintie and the eastern side of the Tlnlahti Park. Movement in the vicinity of Finlandia Hall will be restricted.The following websites and social media channels provide important news and updates before and during the presidential visits:Helsinki Police Department: www.twitter.com/helsinkipoliisiwww.poliisi.fi/helsinkiwww.facebook.com/helsinginpoliisilaitoswww.instagram.com/helsinkipoliisiCity of Helsinki: www.hel.fiOn Twitter @helviestinta @HelsinkiKympHelsinki Region Transport HSL: www.hsl.fiMonday
Helsinki will host a meeting of the Presidents of the United States and Russia on Monday, 16 July. The meeting will necessitate major special arrangements in the Helsinki city centre.Due to the meeting, movement in the Market Square area will be restricted on Monday, 16 July. Market operations at the square will be cancelled for the entire day on Monday. Due to the restrictions on movement in the area, waterbuses and cruise vessels will not be able to operate to and from the Market Square on Monday.Service to Suomenlinna will be secured in a manner to be announced in more detail later.The City of Helsinki regrets the inconvenience caused to entrepreneurs for the cancellation of the Market Square operations and the closure of the water transport piers at the square.Traffic and other special arrangements will be announced later by the Helsinki Police Department, the City of Helsinki and Helsinki Region Transport (HSL).Contact:Tommi Laitio, Acting City Manager, tel. +358 50563 4950,
  tommi.laitio@hel.fiInformation to Market Square vendors:Raimo K. Saarinen, Acting Division Head,raimo.k.saarinen@hel.fi, tel. +358 (0)9 310 38801,tukkutori@hel.fiInformation to water transport service providers:Stefan Frberg,Manager, outdoor services, stefan.froberg@hel.fi, tel. +358 (0)9310 87901
Aviation will be restricted in the city of Helsinki and in the surrounding areas from 6 am on Sunday 15 July to 8 am on Tuesday 17 July 2018. The restrictions apply to all aviation, including unmanned aviation.The restrictions will be following:The restrictions apply to all aviation, including unmanned aviation. Therefore, it is not allowed to fly drones or other unmanned aircrafts in the areas shown on map 1. In the areas shown on map 2, flying a drone or other unmanned aircraft is allowed only with the above-mentioned restrictions. No exceptional permits will be granted.Restrictions do not concern military, border guard, police, customs, maritime, aviation or rescue and fire fighting, emergency medical service or ambulance flight authorities or flights assigned by them when flying inside the area is required due to tasks assigned to authorities. Restrictions do not concern urgent medical flights by helicopters and flights based on an international obligation of Finland.Attachments:Map 1:no-fly zone Map 2: The wider area surrounding Helsinki will be designated as transponder mandatory zoneTrafiAreas in Helsinki that are permanently forbidden from dronesFurther information:Trafi: Senior Inspector Iiro Keskivli, tel. +358 29 5346 052Helsinki Police Department: Superintendent Sami Htnen, tel. +358 50 560 6358
Four students of Aalto University have completed a research and development project aimed at strengthening the ecological sustainability of the Lux Helsinki festival of light, which is organized in Helsinki annually in early January. On assignment from the City of Helsinki and Helsinki Marketing, the students developed a set of measurements, a measuring tool and a collaboration platform, which ease the evaluation of the sustainability of events from multiple angles.The students  Julia Renko (Aalto School of Business), Kelly Purcell (Aalto School of Engineering), Hsiao-Pei Liao and Angela Hernandez (Aalto School of Arts and Design)  interviewed both internal and external stakeholder groups of Helsinki for their project. They also compared the sustainability standards of Lux Helsinki with those of other European festivals of light.After initial field work, the students familiarized themselves with measuring systems often used in the monitoring and evaluations of sustainability. First, they used the information to develop a measuring system customized for festivals of light. Next, they used the measuring system to develop a prototype digital tool to ease collaboration among events.In addition, the student team developed a collaboration platform that all stakeholder groups can utilize to work together effectively towards the goal of making Lux Helsinki Europes most ecologically sustainable festival of light. The collaboration platform is integrated with the measuring system so that the measuring system can be used to recognize the segments of an event that need to be improved. Furthermore, the collaboration platform provides a roadmap for solving these problems and makes it possible to develop new, clean and smart solutions for festivals of light. In terms of further development, its advisable to look for suitable partners, such as [the Helsinki energy company] Helen and Helsinki Region Transport, as well as other possible providers of new solutions. I look forward to seeing the measuring tool and the collaboration platform in use and benefitting all future event productions, says Pivi Piispa, Senior Business Development Advisor for the City of Helsinki. Read more:Lux Helsinki
British lifestyle magazine Monocle has again ranked the cities of the world in its Quality of Life Survey. This year, Helsinki is ranked 10th among the cities of the world, and 8th among the cities of Europe. Helsinki has managed to move up from last year, when the City was 13th on the global ranking. And 6th among the European cities. This year's global city ranking is topped by Munich, Tokyo and Vienna. Monocle describes Helsinki as a typical Nordic capital, with good transport networks and close proximity to nature. The magazine further characterises the city as lively and fun, while paying attention to, for example, the de-regulation of the restaurant sector. Young Helsinki-designers, the booming start-up scene and popular festivals such as Flow and Sideways, are also praised by Monocle. As for the areas of improvement, the magazine mentions the Tl bay area, which it thinks should be cleaned up and made more attractive for swimmers. According to Monocle, the most essential change from last year is the rejuvenated hotel and restaurant sector, which plays a part in keeping Helsinki interesting even after the record-breaking tourist year.Helsinki's strengths and weaknesses as observed by Monocle have varied over the years. For example, in 2017, Monocle listed the discovery of maritime opportunities as a new asset of Helsinki. The areas of improvement had to do with the development of the pedestrian city. In 2016, Monocle urged Helsinki to invest in the suburbs and the integration of immigrants and increasing nightlife options.The best ever result for Helsinki in Monocle's comparison came in 2011, when it headed the ranking.The annual ranking, published by Monocle since 2007, is compiled by the editorial staff of the magazine. The magazine studies the quality of life in different cities and publishes a list of the top 25 cities.Monocle (The article has not been published in the e-version of the magazine.)
The Helsinki City Boards Economic Development Sub-committee approved at its meeting of 28 May a proposal for the main emphases of the Citys economic development policy until 2021. The original proposal, which had been presented by the City Executive Offices Economic Development Division, was amended with counter-proposals before approval. The new economic development policy relies on the Helsinki City Strategy and emphasizes the following three themes: (1) an internationally appealing Helsinki, (2) a city of skilled workforce and (3) a platform for new and growing business activity. The areas of emphasis comprise a total of 14 sets of activities, which the City will implement during the City Strategy term. The emphases are checked as necessary over the course of the term.International appeal, skilled workforce and new, growing business activity emphasizedThe implementation of the activities emphasized in the Helsinki economic development policy will be pursued jointly by the entire Helsinki City organization.The theme internationally appealing Helsinki is closely linked with ensuring sustainable growth in travel and tourism and prevention of possible unwanted secondary effects.In order to secure the availability of skilled workforce, Helsinki seeks to remove obstacles for growth in enterprises. The potential offered especially by young and second-generation immigrants should be better utilized.Helsinki as a platform for innovations and growing business activity is the area of emphasis with the longest-term goals. By 2021, that is, during the City Strategy term, Helsinki seeks to create a strong foundation that can help the city to become the best platform for new business activity in Europe by 2025.In addition to the actual emphases and activities of the economic development policy, the dynamism of Helsinki is vitally affected by activities related to education, housing, traffic and transport, the environment, culture, and safety.The goal set in the City Strategy, to make Helsinki the most functional city in the world, is a central theme of the economic development policy.Read more:The
Our Revised Opening Times in summerCustomer Service Point at Srnistenkatu 1 is open MonThu 8.15am4pm and Fri 10am3pm in July.Helsinkis Building Control Services and Archive
are closed 9th July29th July.The Helsinki city Building Control is closed for three weeks in July 9.7.29.7.2018. The information and appointment booking services are closed and no permits are processed during this time. Only the most necessary commencement reports and meetings, and inspections are handled during these weeks. Read moreThe archive within the Tellinki Service Point
The Helsinki City Boards Economic Development Sub-committee approved the principles of the City of Helsinkis immigrant integration programme at its meeting of 28 May 2018, in accordance with counter proposals made to the original proposal for the programme principles. The new principles will be in effect until 2021. The programme was prepared jointly by the immigration and employment unit of the Helsinki City Executive Offices Economic Development division, the City of Helsinki divisions and City stakeholders.The population growth of Helsinki, the projected increase in employment-aged residents in Helsinki and the dynamism of the whole city strongly rely on immigration. With view to these circumstances, the immigrant integration programme is built around the following four themes: Helsinki is a city for skilled workforce, the worlds most impactful place for learning, an open city that promotes public participation, and a city that counteracts differentiation among districts and population groups.The goal of the programme is to allow all foreign-born Helsinki residents to find employment that meets their skills, level of education or training, and abilities. At the same time, the City of Helsinki sets an example as an employer in securing the availability of skilled workforce with the help of such means as a recruitment goal. Work-based immigration and its share of the total immigration will be increased with the help of high-level services and by other means.The activities of the immigrant integration programme advance good relationships among different population groups and support equality. Differentiation among Helsinki districts and population groups will be curbed by targeting services to districts and population groups and by emphasizing actions that prevent social exclusion of young people.The immigrant integration programme includes a development plan for the education of immigrants, ranging from early childhood education to adult education.Read more:The Immigrants Helsinki
At the end of 2017, around 65,000 households in Helsinki received the general housing allowance. This was 21,000 more than a year earlier, and the remarkable increase was due to students living in Finland being, as of 1 August 2017, transferred under the general housing allowance, instead of receiving, as earlier, a housing supplement to their study grant.Of all households in Finland receiving, at the end of 2017, the general housing allowance, 17 per cent lived in Helsinki. The proportion of residents receiving the general housing allowance is larger in Helsinki than in the other municipalities of the Helsinki Metropolitan Area or the rest of Finland on average. However, in Turku, Tampere and Oulu, for example, the percentage of general housing allowance recipients is higher than in Helsinki.28 per cent of under 15 year olds in Helsinki lived in a household receiving the general housing allowanceAt the end of 2017, almost 109,000 people in Helsinki belonged to a household receiving the general housing allowance. The fact that students no longer received the student housing supplement but were, instead, eligible for the general housing allowance, increased the proportion of under 30 year olds among housing allowance recipients from 55 per cent to almost 63 per cent. In Finland as a whole, the percentage of under 30 year olds was even higher, 67 per cent.In the case of Helsinki, though, it is worth noting that almost 28 per cent of under 15 year olds belonged to a household receiving the general housing allowance. This percentage is almost ten percentage points higher than in Finland as a whole.97 per cent of general housing allowance recipients live in rented homesThe general housing allowance was most commonly received for covering your rent. In 2017 in Helsinki, just over 63,000 households in rented homes but only 2,000 households in owner-occupied homes received a housing allowance. The proportion of households both living in a rented home and receiving the general housing allowance has not changed notably over the last twenty years. Of all households in Helsinki renting their homes, around 27 per cent receive a housing benefit. Among households living in owner-occupied homes, this proportion is just over one per cent.Every fifth Helsinki resident received some kind of housing benefit from KELABesides the general housing allowance, KELA (the national Finnish social welfare authority) pays a housing allowance for pensioner and, in some cases, a student housing supplement, as well as housing assistance for conscripts. Every fifth Helsinki resident received some kind of housing allowance from KELA. The great majority (82%) received the general housing allowance. Of 65 year old or older Helsinki residents, almost 13 per cent received the housing allowance for pensioners.More about the subject in the statistics publication:Yleinen asumistuki Helsingiss 2017. Helsinki City Executive Office, Statistics 2018:12, pdf-publication.
Buildings of the City of Helsinki are shifting to solar power step by step. For the past couple of years, the City has been conducting a programme in which it installs solar power plants at suitable buildings. Today, solar power plants are operating at more than ten City sites.The most famous of the City of Helsinki solar power plant sites is Finlandia Hall. The buildings roof received solar panels in 2016. West Terminal 2 of the Port of Helsinki, completed in 2017, produces the energy for the terminal lighting with solar power, generated with 156 panels installed on top of the new passenger boarding bridges.A number of Helsinki schools utilize solar energy. They include the Hiidenkivi comprehensive school, the Keinutie elementary school and the Torpparinmki comprehensive school. The Aurinkolahti and Latokartano comprehensive schools have had solar energy systems since 2009.A solar power plant was completed at the Teurastamo (Abattoir) culinary and cultural centre earlier this year. It is placed on the meat wholesale hall of the Helsinki Wholesale Market. A solar power plant utilizing advanced power optimizers was installed on the roof of the Mellunkyl rescue station in May. A typical solar power plant in Helsinki is a 4050 kW plant. Solar power normally reduces a buildings electricity bill by 220 percent.The new building of the Yliskyl day care centre in Laajasalo utilizes both solar power and geothermal heating, and the building will be largely energy self-sufficient. The Neulanen day care centre in Myllypuro, scheduled for completion in 2019, will also have solar panels.The City of Helsinki actively promotes the use of renewable energy in new construction projects, both in conjunction with large renovations and new construction.Solar power giantsLarge buildings naturally have the biggest solar power potential, as their roof structures can be designed to be suitable for solar panels.The first large solar power plants in Helsinki have already been completed. Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority (HSY) completed a 475 kW solar power plant at its Pitkkoski water purification plant in 2017, which was preceded by a 257 kW plant at HSYs Viikinmki water treatment plant, a 105 kW plant at HSYs Vanhankaupunki water purification plant and a 117 kW plant at HSYs Mikkelnkallio base in Espoo. The roofs of HSYs head office building and HSYs Sortti waste collection stations in Ruskeasanta and Jorvas also accommodate solar power plants. HSY is planning several significant solar power plants to be completed in the next few years.Helsinki City Transport (HKL), a City of Helsinki municipal enterprise, announced a 480 kW solar power plant in April, to be installed on the roof of the Metro train depot in late 2018. According to HKL, the plant will be a profitable investment, which will pay itself back in 14 years. The Metro depot solar power plant will have power optimizers in each panel to boost efficiency, flexibility and safety in power generation.A new deep-freezing building is being planned for the Helsinki Wholesale Market area. The building would have a 350 kW rooftop solar power plant.Municipalities combine forces as solar power clientsThe City of Helsinki participates in a 2016 joint municipal procurement programme for solar power systems. The supplier is GEF (GreenEnergy Finland Oy), which delivers systems on a turn-key basis either with lump-sum payments or with monthly installments.Helsinkis new City Strategy sets ambitious climate goals for the city: Helsinki should become carbon neutral by 2035 and reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 60 percent from 19902030. The achievement of the goal requires significant increases in renewable energy production.City of Helsinki solar power projects plant power output in kWp and year of completionCompleted solar power plants: Mellunkyl rescue station 42.4 kWp, 2018Helsinki Wholesale Markets meat wholesale hall 65.6 kWp, 2018Yliskyl day care centre 25 kWp, 2018Torpparinmki comprehensive school 27.5 kWp, 2017HSYs Pitkkoski water purification plant 475 kWp, 2017HSYs Mikkelnkallio base in Espoo 117 kWp, 2017HSYs Vanhankaupunki water purification plant 105 kWp, 2016HSYs Viikinmki water treatment plant 257 kWp, 2016Hiidenkivi comprehensive school 44.5 kWp, 2017Port of Helsinki, West Terminal 2, 50 kWp, 2017Finlandia Hall 47.7 kWp, 2016 Vuosaari harbour 18 kWp, 2015Before 2015:School and day care building Kanava 17.25 kWp, 2012Viikki Environment House office building 60 kWp, 2011Latokartano comprehensive school 10 kWp, 2009Aurinkolahti comprehensive school 20 kWp, 2009 Plans for new solar power plants:HKL, Roihupelto Metro train depot 480 kWp, 2018Neulanen day care centre 23 kWp, 2019 Helsinki Wholesale Markets new deep-freezing building 350 kWpCity of Helsinki climate action
The biggest design event of the Nordic countries brings more than 200 events for friends and professionals of design to Helsinki on 616 September 2018. The main venue for the 2018 festival is the Helsinki City Hall.The theme of Helsinki Design Week 2018 is TRUST. The theme is visible throughout the recently published event programme. Topics dealt with by means of workshops, exhibitions and discussions are, among other things, how trust changes over time and in regenerating cities. How does, for example, the increased popularity of sharing economy affect the structures of society? Or can artificial intelligence create operating models for the future? The feeling of trust is also connected to physical spaces, whose influence is estimated, for example, from an educational point of view. The main venue for the biggest design event of the Nordic Countries is the main lobby of the Helsinki City Hall. During the festival, the main lobby is filled with different kinds of discussion-based activities related to the theme of TRUST.A lot of new activities in addition to the main eventsHelsinki Design Week's fresh programme launch includes a number of new things in addition to the main events published earlier. The topics covered during the festival will include, among other things, artificial intelligence and its influence on working life, the role of hygge in the urban environment, challenging perceptions of the environmental impact of food, and school age children's immersion in what the best day-care centre in the world could be like.The main events of the Helsinki Design Week 2018 include the likes of HDW HOP City Installations, Design Diplomacy Discussions, Data-Driven Design Day and the Day of Architecture. Further information on the main events can be found in our previous news article or on the Helsinki Design Week website. Programme for children and childlike during the entire festivalThe new Children's Design Week offers creative programme for children and furthers design education and knowledge of the built environment. The main event locations are the Helsinki City Museum, the City Hall and the former boiler hall Kattilahalli in Suvilahti. Programme will also be arranged around the city together with the children's event organisers.The pre-events of the Children's Design Week started with the design work shop arranged at the City Hall on Helsinki Day, and since then, they have spread to numerous Helsinki playgrounds, where children can tune their own magic forest animals during the summer. The actual magic forest can be experienced during the Children's Weekend at the Kattilahalli in Suvilahti on 1516 September.The whole City fills with designIn addition to Helsinki Design Week's self-produced own programme, there are more than 150 events by independent event organisers, which fill the streets, galleries, shops and museums with design, architecture, design and city planning. There will be, for example, discussions, exhibitions, launches and parties. In 2017, the festival had more than 161 000 visitors.Founded in 2005, Helsinki Design Week is the biggest design festival of the Nordic countries. Appearing at the annual multidisciplinary festival arranged in September in addition to the different fields of design are, for example, fashion, architecture and urban culture. The next Helsinki Design Week is arranged on 616 September 2018.Read more:Programme
"Housing Fair Finland will organise a new urban event in collaboration with the City of Helsinki from 19 September 2018. The event will highlight new innovations in urban living and showcase the everyday life of Jtksaari residents. The housing fair event City Living in Jtksaari will include discussions about urban living in the future, and visitors will be able to get a glimpse into the lives of Jtksaari residents, their shared spaces, roof-top saunas, city blocks and their courtyards as well as the parks in the area. Access to the event is free.A housing fair is a testing platform for various types of housing, and a new example of the activities is the Hackathon to be held during the City Living event.The new event concept for the housing fair can be implemented in all types of emerging urban environments in Finland and overseas. ""Working together with the City of Helsinki and our other partners, we want to build and develop opportunities for living in the urban environment,"" says Harri Tuomaala, Managing Director of the Housing Fair Finland Co-op.The first urban housing event in September will look at living in the city using Jtksaari as an example. The themes of the event's seminars and discussions will include the city as a service, new concepts of housing, the everyday life of the ageing population, communal living, sustainable urban development and people-oriented architecture. The panels will be made up of specialists including urban researchers from the universities of Helsinki, Tampere and Jyvskyl, researchers from the Centre of Excellence in Research on Ageing and Care, architects working in the housing sector, urban builders and service providers. The seminar programme will be published at the beginning of August. The AEC (Architecture, Engineering, Construction) Hackathon, an international event for the real estate and construction sectors, will be held over the last weekend of the City Living event. It is part of the World Summit on Digital Built Environment WDBE 2018 to be held on 11 and 12 September. The Hackathon, which will focus on the development of housing and living in Jtksaari, will be held in the main building of Vanha Poli, now owned by Kojamo, between 7 and 9 September 2018. The event will be co-organised by KIRA-digi, a company that aims to accelerate the digitalisation of public services. The"
"City of Helsinki invests in the diversity of city livingThe housing policy of the City of Helsinki is aimed at balanced urban development and diverse and affordable housing options for people from all different walks of life. This is also the aim in Jtksaari, as the city's objectives for housing production management and financing methods are adhered to. There will be ARA rental flats, Hitas and right of residence flats as well as privately owned and rented flats.""Urbanisation is a global megatrend. Helsinki is also growing quickly, and the number of inhabitants in the city grew by 8,091 people last year. More than 500,000 square metres allocated for housing has been approved in the Helsinki city plan so far this year.What is behind this growth is people's desire to move to cities. Meeting new people, urban culture and the diversity of services attract people to cities. Helsinki wants to stand out by investing in the city's functionality. We want to offer people the best environment for city living,"" says the Mayor of Helsinki, Jan Vapaavuori.Approximately 6,000 people live in Jtksaari, and when the area is completed in the late 2020s there will be more than 20,000 residents. The event will highlight issues such as planning, construction and services in the area. Residents and entrepreneurs in the area have been included in the planning of the event. Interesting"
programme for residents, families and expertsThe City Living event will be perfect for anyone interested in urban housing and living as well as for housing experts. The main venue of the event will be Hyvntoivonpuisto ('the park of good will'), which is to be built in the middle of Jtksaari. An expert programme will run throughout the weekdays of the event, with different themes for each day the Jtksaari forum will gather in the afternoons, and the main events in the evening will attract wider audiences. The area will offer entertainment and music for families during both weekends.Visitors can also visit homes, communal spaces and city blocks in Jtksaari.
"The City of Helsinki has chosen Kalasatama residents' association's resident party, Maria Baric Company's Kalasataman valon juhla (""light party""), Red Nose Company's Kalasataman kulttuuripilkki (""cultural jig"") and Susanna Leinonen Company's Kalasatama in Motion project as the environmental art projects of the summer to receive financing. The events are open to the public and free to attend.The resident party arranged by Kalasatama residents' association is a continuation to the 2017 inauguration of the Kalasatama Park. The event is open to the public and the event programme consists of music performances, food, speeches, presentation points and activities for the children. ""Everyone in Helsinki is welcome to attend the resident party"", says Juhana Harju, chairperson for the Kalasatama residents' association. The event is arranged by volunteer residents, and other players in the area, such as companies, are also participating. The resident party is planned and arranged entirely by the residents of the area.Time of the event: 1 September 2018. Maria Baric Company's Kalasataman valon juhla is a group of event, which comprises a community fire artwork, a fire theatre performance and a workshop that is open to the visitors before the performance. Shown at the event is Ave Fenix, the group's internationally most successful fire theatre work, which is a story about the mythical firebird told by means of fire circus and fire puppet theatre. ""Our aim with valon juhla is to bring happiness and community spirit to the construction sites of Kalasatama, as well as warmth and beauty that lights up the environment  by means of fire theatre. Here, the rise of the Phoenix from ashes to new flames and a new life symbolises the new start and possibilities of the Kalasatama area, when the exterior of the area shines in its new glory after the construction phase"", says artistic director Maria Baric.Maria Baric Company is an award-winning Helsinki-based professional visual theatre group.Time of the event: autumn, announced later.www.mariabariccompany.comfacebook.com/mariabariccompanyRed Nose Company's Kalasataman kulttuuripilkki is a joint event day for the residents in the area. The event comprises both performances and more relaxed programme, realised by a group of experienced artists and performers. The diverse programme is a combination of different art forms, from music to clownery. Special attention is paid to the children. The event has been planned from the beginning for the residents of Kalasatama, by utilising local resources and as a collaboration between several artists and cultural actors active in the area. ""Kalasataman kulttuuripilkki celebrates a young neighbourhood of many possibilities. It offers a time and a place for human encounters and sense-opening cultural experiences. The event is suitable for persons of all ages, so it is worth visiting from both near and far"", tells Kiureli Sammallahti, artistic director for kulttuuripilkki.Time of the event: 9 September 2018.www.rednose.fiSusanna Leinonen Company's Kalasatama in Motion project approaches Kalasatama by means of movement and film. By documenting the urban environment, the artwork offers a community-minded and participatory approach to the residential area of Kalasatama. The project includes different kinds of workshops and directed exercises for the residents. The final result is a short dance film, which is shot with the residents of Kalasatama. The premire of the film created during the project will be held in Kalasatama. ""We have already had several workshops, where we have collected experiences and feelings of the residents. The material has led the artistic working group near the city planning and urban culture. The process has been well received in Kalasatama"", says executive manager Salla Mistola.Susanna Leinonen Company is a Finnish top-tier contemporary dance company with international activities.Premire of the short film: 9 September 2018.https://susannaleinonen.comThe environmental art projects from previous years are available at the Helsinki New Horizons website.The construction of Kalasatama will take 20-30 years. The events in the Kalasatama area are a part of Kalasatama's environmental art project, whose objective is to improve the comfort of the residents during the long construction phase. Both permanent and temporary art and events are realised through the project. The environmental art project is directed by Helsinki City Executive Office in co-operation with the Urban Environment Division and the Culture and Leisure Division. The environmental art is financed through a fee per floor square metre, which is collected from the developers."
"Helsinki is not called a design city for nothing. Here, design is seen as a comprehensive concept without it, we would not be building the New Children's Hospital or creating novel products. Design has become a facilitator of wellbeing  and a part of the everyday lives of the citizens.The wellbeing can be considerably advanced through design and service design. In the New Children's Hospital, design is an essential component just like in LullaMe's self rocking baby mattresses and Planmeca's dental care and X-ray units. In the designing of these, careful consideration has been given to make the use and user experience pleasant and safe. When the planning of the New Children's Hospital started, nobody in the hospital world talked about service design and the word was strange to me as well, explains Pekka Lahdenne, Senior Project Manager of the New Children's Hospital at HUS. He has been in charge of the functional design of the new hospital.Architect Antti-Matti Siikala at SARC Architects says that design has always been a part of the architect's basic work. To the architect, it is obvious that ""form follows function. In spite of this, the New Children's Hospital was an exceptional project.Siikala says that the designing of the New Children's Hospital included numerous perspectives, from the medical treatments to the child's and the family's experience, the wishes of the personnel, the reliability of operation and the multifunctionality.One essential objective was to provide the best possible start to the patient's recovery. Lahdenne emphasises that it is not a matter of entertainment, but specifically about furthering the recovery. Through the environment, we can affect things and make taking care of things pleasant. The experiences of the child patient affect a large group of people from parents and siblings perhaps even to grandparents and friends.Lahdenne has noticed that the importance of service design is slowly being recognised in the hospital world as well. It has been noted that the patient experience affects the commitment to care, in other words, how the instructions are followed and what kinds of care results are achieved.The children's hospital treats children aged 016, or newborn babies and teenagers up to 18 years of age. ""Children's hospital"" may sound like a hospital in miniature, but in reality it is the other way round: more space is needed, as parents do also have to fit in for the duration of the treatment.  Essential to the design, besides the need for space, were the experiential elements. We thought a lot about what the world looks like through the eyes of a small child. This was observed in, for example, the height of the windows, as the children have to be able to look outside, too. The principles of service design taught us to look at things from the perspective of people of different ages, says Lahdenne.A lot of thought has been put into the ergonomics. First, there were models constructed of the treatment rooms to ensure that the different measures would be done according to the wishes of the personnel. What is the best place for oxygen bottles or other instruments?In the operations planning of the children's hospital, emphasis was laid on quality, but also on efficiency. Another goal was to make the waiting times and hospitalisation periods as short as possible. The planning involved multiprofessional user groups, which assisted in designing the emergency room, intensive care unit, operating theatre and inpatient ward and, for example, the catering and the hygiene. The experience and wishes of the personnel were systematically taken into consideration.Digitalisation is also made use of. Manual routines are automated and further used for improving the flow of information. For example, positioning technology can be used for telling parents when their child is taken from the operation theatre to the recovery room.The queue number system has become funnier when instead of a number, the child gets an own avatar which follows him or her through the entire hospital period. The children are given access to own tablet computers. Children have participated in the designing of their user interfaces. The UI's are different for different age groups.  We also thought about how the parents would be able to live as normally as possible with their children in the hospital. For example, they have to be able to work on their laptops, says Siikala.The hospital also has an own story based on the stripped-down illustrations of Tove Jansson's old Moomin books. Picture communication helps with remembering the floors: the star floor is easier to remember than floor number six.To dental and X-ray equipment manufacturer Planmeca, design holds an essential role through all processes. Product development is not a separate function, but an important starting point for the planning. Unlike many other industrial enterprises, we have an own strong design team with several industrial designers and our own usability designers as well, tells Maarit Vannas, Vice President, Marketing and Communications.She emphasises that in an enterprise, design implies a lot more than just the surface or shape of a product.  Design is rooted in a deep understanding of the client. We want to create products and services that help make the working procedure of the nursing staff more effective and improve the patient experience through insightful design solutions.The everyday life in the field is followed continuously. The headquarters and production premises in Herttoniemi are visited annually by more than 4,000 end users, distributors and sales technicians, who provide valuable information in addition to the own sales network.The company also works in close co-operation with international odontological universities and research institutes.Vannas says that Planmeca's products have an own design language, Scandinavian clarity with soft lines. The company has received recognition for this in international design contests.The starting point for the own design language is that the appliances are as humane and approachable as possible. The aim has been to get rid of the mechanicalness. For example, in the X-ray units the patient always has open eye contact with the person who tends to him or her. The surfaces that the patient grabs in imaging situations are not of cold or hard metal but of soft silicone. The colour palette is warm. We want to help the patient relax by means of design. Consequently, the X-ray image turns out better and the imaging does not have to be repeated. Durability and ergonomics are also important in the designing of the appliances. Design is a definite competitive advantage to us and we cherish and develop it continuously.Service design has been systematically utilised by LullaMe's Hanna Sissala as well. LullaMe produces self-rocking baby mattresses, which replace the regular mattress in an infant bed.The product idea was born from the own everyday life: the firstborn suffered from colic and the nights were shattered. With no sufficient rocking device for the baby on the market, Sissala started to develop one herself.She looked up studies on what sort of movement would be the most efficient when calming the baby. She tested the movements in practice and noticed the same thing that had come up in the studies: the head of the baby must move. When the movement direction was established, I started to figure out how it could be made to work in the infant bed.Here she was joined by a designer. The new mattress had to be as quiet and safe as possible. Each and every standard was scrutinised for safety, as the baby is invaluable to its parents.Gradually, a basic mechanism with netted fabric on an aluminium frame was developed. When the first mattresses were introduced to the market, the feedback showed that the first version was not entirely flawless. Last spring, a new version was introduced and now the feedback has been laudatory: a good night's sleep has been salvaged.The production of the mattress has taught Sissala the perspective that is fundamental to service design: if something works well and is easy to use, it is based on heaps of headwork and customer testing. Sissala sees the service design of her company as a comprehensive set of things, which also includes a good website. The entire process, from the gathering of information to the use of the product, must work well.Sissala has noticed that the design culture is strong in the startup field. The first question is what the customer says. The beginning is characterised by agile experiments.Sissala has good experiences of the capital city's startup ecosystem. People help each other further the ideas. She has received help from, among others, Aalto University's Protomo, Startup Center, the City's enterprise service NewCo Helsinki and GE Health Innovation Village. When I faced problems with furthering the idea, I got advice and managed to move on.Sissala says that to an early-stage company, good advice and an encouraging approach are even more valuable than the financing. When the network that supports the early-stage entrepreneur is this good, I think there will be more success stories from Helsinki in the future as well.Text: Kirsi RiipinenPhotos: HUS New Children's Hospital/ Matti Snellman, Planmecaand Lullame."
More informationWorld Industrial Design DayUnited Nations  Sustainable Development Knowledge PlatformPlanmecaHUS  New Children's HospitalLullame More Design Stories Design Stories from Helsinki
The Presidents of the United States and of Russia will meet in Helsinki on Monday, July 16th.Helsinki is one of the places in the world that can be trusted to organize the meeting reliably  everything works well here, and we can organize a meeting of such magnitude in just two weeks. Only a few days after the meeting was announced, the meeting arrangements are already highly advanced, says Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.The meeting arrangements are handled by the Office of the President of the Republic of Finland and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland. The Presidents will be accompanied by large delegations and by hundreds, possibly more than a thousand, journalists. There will also be a large number of tourists in Helsinki during the meeting of the Presidents. The City of Helsinki will aim to minimize disruptions and inconvenience to citizens and travelers caused by the meeting arrangements. Movement in the vicinity of the meeting venues will be restricted. The restrictions will be announced on the City of Helsinki website Hel.fi and on social media channels.Ministry of Foreign Affairs: https://um.fi/Helsinki2018 City of Helsinki tel. +358 310 36103, leila.oravisto@hel.fi Helsinki Marketing, tel. +358 50 401 3548, vappu.manty@hel.fiImages, video and other materials about Helsinki: http://materialbank.myhelsinki.fi/ 
  Trees bear a major significance for the cityscape, and they improve the overall appeal and quality of the urban environment. Trees also absorb air pollutants and carbon dioxide, help reduce runoff, damp noise and block sunlight. The environmental benefits of trees are not easy to detect in urban planning and maintenance, as the magnitude and economic value of the benefits have not been assessed in Finland so far. Such assessments will now be made in both Turku and Helsinki with the help of the i-Tree software.Tree registration data and test patches used in
The i-Tree software can be used to assess on the urban level, for example, how much carbon dioxide and air pollutants trees absorb. This assessment produces concrete numeric values, and it enables planners to evaluate what kind of trees to cultivate in cities for the best outcomes in terms of our welfare.According to Minna Terho and Juha Raisio, two tree specialists of the City of Helsinki Urban Environment division, the economic value of urban trees should be known in order to support planning and maintenance. It is necessary to know, for example, how the increasing density of the city structure affects the functionality of urban trees, the requirements for tree maintenance and, thereby, the quality of the environment and the welfare of residents.
Anyone willing to try their hand at haymaking is welcome to participate in the volunteer event at Tuomarinkyl Manor on Thursday 5 July 2018, starting at 10:00.Organised by the City, the haymaking event for volunteers is a decades-old tradition. The event involves stacking hay around poles across an area encompassing approximately five hectares. The stacked hay will ultimately become winter fodder for the domestic animals of Haltiala farm.Participants will also have the opportunity to take a break from the haymaking to enjoy rides in a tractor-drawn carriage. For children, the event will also feature a sheep enclosure and pony rides.Once the work is done, volunteers will also be able to enjoy a relaxing sauna. The mens sauna is located in Tuomarinkyl, while women will be transported to Haltiala by tractor.Participating volunteers can also look forward to free soup and coffee.The haymaking event for volunteers will not be held in the event of heavy rain. However, a light drizzle will not prevent the event from going forward.The maximum number of volunteer participants is 250. To register as a volunteer, please contact the Urban Environment Divisions customer service department using the contact details provided below. Registration closes on Tuesday 3 July 2018 at 16:00.Registration / customer service:Srnistenkatu 1Opening hours: Mon 8:1517:00, TueThu 8:1516:00, Fri 10:0015:00Tel. 09 310 22111kaupunkiymparisto@hel.fi(If you wish to register via e-mail, please use the following subject line: Ilmoittautuminen Tuomarinkyln heintalkoisiin)Tuomarinkyl Manor on the mapPhoto: Seppo Laakso
Digitalents Helsinki is a modern and creative youth community, in which young people learn coding, game development and new media skills by doing. Digitalents Helsinki creates jobs for young people through an effective community and broad-based networking. Young people are guided to employment or studies after an eight-month work period. The community supports the participating young people until they find their next career path.The community seeks to make 1629 year olds active members of the job market by focusing on the development of digital and workplace skills. It seeks to create a good and functional network with businesses, educational institutions and the Helsinki City organization. The objective of the cooperation is to increase and to maintain the awareness of various actors of each other by sharing contacts, information and best practices.The community offers its customers services in the gaming, software, media, and information and communication technology sectors.Young peoples career paths are supported by youth workers. The activity is led by the City of Helsinki Culture and Leisure division.You can participate in Digitalents Helsinki as a hobbyist, student, work-trial participant, pay-subsidized employee or an unemployed job seeker.Businesses can bring their expertise and resources into Digitalents Helsinki in the form of mentoring or funding.If you consider yourself an expert on new forms of employment, service design, game development, software development or new media, and wish to share your expertise with young people, then come and join the community!Read more:Digitalents
  Local property-specific plastic waste collection starts next autumn in the neighbourhoods of Jtksaari, Kalasatama and Kruunuvuorenranta. The opportunity to recycle plastic packaging has been a prominent request in the resident feedback in the area. The waste collection systems in the areas are changed to allow for the collection of plastic according to a front-loaded time frame in comparison to the binding legislation. Separate collection of plastic packaging is not yet demanded in the HSY's waste management regulations or the EU's waste management directive, but, for example, the EU will probably require an improvement of the recycling rate for plastic packaging in the next few years.Helsinki has a strategic goal of reducing its emissions by 60 per cent by 2030 and reaching carbon neutrality by 2035. Leading the way in climate responsibility means, among other things, these kinds of practical climate actions that are stricter than required in the legislation. Emission reductions and recycling economy projects will be carried out in Helsinki in tandem with the business community and residents.Collected plastic is refined and used in
"The biggest advantage of recycling plastic is that virgin raw materials are not used for the production of the plastic and that the plastic packaging that has been collected can be brought back into practical use. The materials collected are refined and used, where possible, for producing recycled plastic products.The plastic collected as waste is utilised by Suomen Uusiomuovi Oy. HSY delivers the collected plastic packaging according to an agreemeent between Suomen Uusiomuovi Oy and Fortum to Riihimki to Fortum's mechanical separation plant, where the different types of plastic are separated and further refined into materials for practical use. The cleanliness of the plastic is also important for the recyclability. ""It is great that the people in Helsinki's new and fast growing areas get to sort their plastic waste. The fact that there has been great interest towards sorting plastic waste tells good things about the Helsinkians. People want to take responsibility for their environment and now it is made easy in everyday life. This way, we reduce our use of non-renewable natural resources step by step"" says Deputy Mayor for Urban Environment Anni Sinnemki.Recycling is"
"The recycling is made as easy as possible for the housing cooperatives and residents as pipeline-based waste collection systems, Jtksaaren Rri, Kalasataman Imu and Kruunuvuorenrannan Rode, bring a new technology to the collection of waste. The waste of the area slides through an underground pipeline to the waste management stations, from where it continues its journey as recyclable raw materials. In the current change works, one of the feeding points is changed into plastic collection and thus its recycling is available to all.""All three new big housing areas in Helsinki, Jtksaari, Kalasatama and Kruunuvuorenranta, will be able to start using the plastic waste collection around the same time. Plastic waste collection has been wanted in the new areas and it is great to be able to fulfil the wishes of the residents in this way"", says Jarmo Mattila, CEO at Jtksaaren jtteen putkikerys Oy.The preparations for the collection of plastic waste will start in the areas in early autumn 2018 and the system will be completed in terms of the plastic waste collection by the beginning of December in Jtksaari and Kruunuvuorenranta. In Kalasatama, it will be completed in early 2019. The collection of plastic packaging will not incur extra costs to the housing cooperatives.Further information on the progress of the plastic waste collection in Jtksaari will be posted at www.roori.fi, in Kalasatama at http://kalasatamanimu.fi/ and in Kruunuvuorenranta at http://rode.fi/."
Helen is continuing its investments in the recycling of waste heat by building a new heat pump to complement the underground heating and cooling plant located in Srninen. Thanks to the new heat pump, the thermal load of the Baltic Sea will be reduced considerably when the heat of the purified waste water will be recovered even more efficiently than before.To be commissioned in 2021, the new heat pump will be built in the worlds largest heating and cooling plant owned by Helen Ltd and located under the Katri Vala Park. The plant already has five large heat pumps, and it has been possible to raise their production volume each year by developing the production process.Read more:Helen
  has been appointed the first Chief Digital Officer of the City of Helsinki. He comes from Finland's national public service broadcasting company YLE, where he has headed the development of YLE's web services. Rusama has 20 years of experience of developing and directing digital services. He has also worked, among other places, at Sanoma and Sulake. The position of Chief Digital Officer is new and appointed for a five-year term.Mayor Jan Vapaavuori
"  considers the advancement of digitalisation as one of the most important tasks of the City of Helsinki. ""In the Helsinki City Strategy, the ambitious aim is to be the city in the world that best capitalises on digitalisation. It must be acknowledged that digitalisation is not primarily a matter of technology, but of service innovations, courses of action and management of change. In the Chief Digital Officer, I see a change agent who works to put Helsinki at the forefront of this change, to utilise the opportunities of digitalisation. We must live the future today"" says Mayor Vapaavuori. The Chief Digital Officer heads the digital regeneration of the City. His task is to advance the utilisation of digitalisation in the City organisation, produce digital reforms essential to the implementation of the City Strategy and manage the related processes of change.""The Helsinki City Strategy is ambitious and inspiring. How it pans out is much dependent on the utilisation of the opportunities brought on by digitalisation. Digitalisation changes all fields of activity, courses of action and culture, while also making the competition increasingly international and cross-bordering. The success of the capital of Finland is important to entire Finland. I start my job with a comprehensive observation round at grass roots level. I listen to what is working and what is not and based on that, I co-operate to shape a general impression of the direction in which the different functions of the City ought to be developed"", states Rusama.Rusama will start his job in the middle of August.The position of Chief Digital Officer raised widespread interest, 75 persons applied for the position."
Helsinki is looking for new owners and uses for old tram cars that are no longer suitable for operation and have been removed from service. There is no need for the tram cars to serve as museum cars, so the Helsinki public transport operator Helsinki City Transport (HKL) is looking for new owners for the cars who could put them into uses supporting Helsinkis urban culture, rather than dismantling them.
Applicants for the old tram cars should present the intended new uses of the cars. The uses will be assessed by HKL from the perspective of their social acceptability. The applicants should demonstrate how the tram cars, if handed over to them, will be maintained in a condition that shows respect for tram operations and honours the traditions of tram operations and the history of trams in Helsinki, even on a longer term.For example, old tram cars will not be handed over to be used as summer cottages or as storage space otherwise, HKL is open to suggestions for new uses. An old tram car can be located outside Helsinki but must remain in Finland. New owners shall cover all costs related to the transport of the cars, which will otherwise be handed over to them for no cost. As necessary, HKL can assist in the transport of the tram cars, charging the new owners only the real costs of the transport. Applicants can apply for more than one tram car.The new owners of the tram cars will be responsible for reporting to HKL annually how well the intended new uses of the cars have been met. The equipment shall not be handed over to third parties without HKLs consent. When a tram car comes to the end of its service life, the owner shall dismantle the car appropriately at their cost with due consideration to environmental aspects. HKL will hand over old tram cars in their current condition and is not responsible for the suitability of the equipment for transport operations and the condition of the equipment. The new owners should be aware that old tram cars may, for example, have been damaged by mold. HKL retains the right not to accept applications at their discretion.Information on the HKL tram fleet can be found at https://www.hel.fi/hkl/en, click By tram and Fleet.The available tram cars (information in Finnish): >11, 12>320>91>trailer521(a trailer of the fleet presented on the fleet page)>trailer615Applications with possible attachments should be sent by 31 August 2018 to Helsinki City Transport: More information on tram cars is available from equipment manager Teemu Niippa, tel. +358 (0)9 310 35916, email teemu.niippa@hel.fi (until 6 July 2018).
"Finland's greatest culture and human rights event in all the colours of the rainbow, Helsinki Pride, is celebrated the week after Midsummer, 25 June1 July 2018. For the second time the City of Helsinki takes part in the Helsinki Pride parade.The objective of the Helsinki Pride event is to promote and highlight the rights of sexual and gender minorities. This year the theme of the Pride week is voice. The purpose of the theme is to bring up the diversity of the communities and make room for voices often left unheard in our society. The theme also supports the goals of the City of Helsinki: to produce services that all citizens can use on a secure and equal basis and to provide a working community where you can be yourself.""Helsinki aims to be the most functional city in the world and a good home for everyone. The Helsinki Pride event emphasises important themes in this connection, offers significant encounters, cries out about fundamental flaws, creates living city culture and on top of this manages to have fun  I wish the City organisation could always be as effective in many ways"", says the Mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori.The City of Helsinki sends a truck to the parade""Helsinki Pride celebrates and underlines that a good city is one where all of us can lead a full life. Unfortunately, discrimination and even threat of violence are still part of life for many people belonging to a minority. By taking part in Pride we signal that all Helsinkians are welcome to use our services and to be employed by the City. An equal Helsinki is at the same time more functional, funny, attractive and wise"", comments the Executive Director for culture and leisure Tommi Laitio.The City of Helsinki will participate in the parade on 30 June with a truck as the last vehicle. The Mayors and other representatives of the City will travel on an environmentally friendly truck of the City's Construction Services Stara.During the week the City Hall as well as HAM, the Tl sports hall, the Swimming stadium, the cultural houses and many libraries will fly the Pride flag to celebrate the event.Read more from the programme"
  Immigrants often find it harder to find employment in Finland than the native population. However, working significantly improves adaptation to a new country and increases the well-being of immigrants. The Helsinki City Executive Office's new interview study focuses on immigrants from different cultural backgrounds, particularly on their economic adaptation to Finland and the relation of employment and well-being. In addition, the study also looks at the career paths of the interviewed immigrants and their adaptation to the country from a broader perspective. The study shows that especially for immigrants who have recently arrived in the country, almost any kind of employment can enhance their well-being and further their later employment opportunities in their own line of work. In order to be beneficial, the job does not even have to be a full-time job nor match the qualifications of the immigrants: even in practical work training and part-time jobs, the participants learn the language and culture and become a part of the work community. For this reason, accepting a job should not be hampered by the fear of losing social benefits nor having to deal with excessively complicated paperwork, something that is quite common according to the study, when combining small or irregular income with social benefits.Employment provides
In addition to providing income, working also promotes well-being in many other ways: it activates and enables social interaction and creates a feeling of working towards a common goal. It also enhances self-esteem, which is connected to the person's identity and to how the person experiences his or her status in society. A majority of the immigrants interviewed for the study had gathered cultural capital in Finland from different kinds of practical work trainings and pay subsidy employments. Even different kinds of low-income and low-education entrance jobs had been functioning as stepping stones for some to jobs that match their skills. The labour market's ability to identify the immigrant's skills must yet be improved, as among the people interviewed, mainly those who had been especially active, determined and able to network had found work. Even many highly qualified immigrants had been caught in a spiral of unemployment, practical work trainings or further education. Also unemployed immigrants need opportunities to meet Finns, to be able to learn the language and the culture and become a part of the Finnish society. If finding a job on the open labour market is difficult, solutions allowing the arranging of meaningful activities that maintain the immigrants ability to function and work, as well as promotes their well-being, self-esteem and social relations are needed.Immigrants
Take-up of social benefits had a negative impact on the self-esteem of the people interviewed, especially among the unemployed: they emphasised their wish to earn their living by working. Paying taxes was seen as a civil duty, but also as a kind of proof of full membership in society.
Diverse and appropriate utilisation of the immigrants' skills and potential is important considering both the well-being of the immigrants and the competitiveness of Finland as a country on the global market. However, the research results show that immigrants interviewed need long-term personal guidance so that their skills can be better identified and that they can reach career paths that match their skills. The researchers of the study recommend the active promotion of means to get Finnish organisations to open their doors to immigrants.Interview
The Helsinki City Executive Office's study about immigrant career paths was conducted by interviewing 41 immigrants in Finland from different cultural backgrounds, who lived in Helsinki or Turku at the time of the interview and who had experience of job search and/or working in Finland.
The interviewees were divided into three groups according to their position on the labour market: employed, unemployed and inadequately employed, i.e. those who at the time of the study were not working full-time or were working in jobs that did not match their qualifications. Before this study, only a few systematic studies have been conducted about the effects of inadequate employment on well-being. The study is part of the Polkuja tyhn -project financed by the Strategic Research Council at the Academy of Finland. The study features a comprehensive summary in English.Further
tymarkkinapoluista ja tynteon merkityksest heidn hyvinvoinnilleen, Helsinki City Executive Office Research Series 2018:2, pdf publication, Issuu-publication, the results of the publication in a nutshell. (Links only in Finnish)
The latest statistics published by the Union of International Associations (UIA) on Friday 15 June cover congress events held in 2017. According to the latest ranking, Helsinki is ranked in 20th position, which is ahead of many major congress cities such as Amsterdam, Prague, New York and Sydney. In previous statistics from 2016, Helsinki was ranked in 15th position. Despite the slight drop in the rankings, Helsinki enjoyed a record year for congresses in 2017. According to statistics compiled by Helsinki Marketing, almost 72,000 congress visitors visited the Finnish capital during the year, while the number of international association meetings increased by almost a third compared to 2016. Congress visitors generated almost a hundred million euros* in tourism income for Helsinki.Last year we broke all our previous records in terms of the number of both congresses and congress visitors. It is very satisfying that, despite our small size, Helsinki outperformed even some of the biggest congress cities, says
  Ines Antti-Poika, Convention Director at Helsinki Marketing.The leading digital healthcare congresses HIMSS Europe and Health 2.0 will be held in Helsinki from 11 to 13 June 2019. These events will bring to Helsinki the latest innovations in the healthcare industry along with leading experts, from hospital executives to decision-makers and companies.
Our unique R&D ecosystem and world-class startups make Helsinki an internationally appealing destination for such high-tech events. Attracting these kinds of international association meetings to Helsinki also significantly enhances global recognition of top Finnish expertise, Antti-Poika continues.Helsinki expects to host almost 300 international conferences this year. For example, the International
Vascular Biology Meeting 2018 (IVBM) at the beginning of June and the European Association of Biblical Studies
  (EABS) at the end of July and start of August will each bring around a thousand experts to the Finnish capital. * Congress visitors spend an average of 300 euros per day in Helsinki and stay on average 4.6 nights (source: FCB/Taloustutkimus 2016).
  (Raunis bowl)? Helsinkis Green Treasures is a new guidebook that presents 200 fascinating attractions in Helsinkis nature. Whats best, many of the attractions are surprisingly close to urban areas and easy to reach.The 200 natural attractions described in Helsinkis Green Treasures offer some of the most magnificent experiences in Helsinki. The book includes the majority of Helsinkis nature protection areas, areas included in the Helsinki nature protection programme and protected habitats. Further, the book includes nearly all natural landmarks in Helsinki, significant geological and heritage sites, and a selection of parks and other man-made green areas. The 250-page book is published jointly by the City of Helsinki Environment Services and Edita Publishing. The editor and photographer is Jussi Helimki.The book includes some of Helsinkis most significant nature sites, such as the internationally renowned wetlands of the Vanhankaupunginlahti bay, and the large forested areas of the Helsinki Central Park. Also included are many areas well familiar to many, such as the Seurasaari recreational and museum island and the Suomenlinna fortress islands. Furthermore, the book leads readers to lesser-known but equally exciting sites.
The main purpose of the guidebook is to help readers to discover how close nature is in Helsinkis urban environment and how diverse the Helsinki nature is. The sites range from valuable green areas to small nature spots close to the city centre. The book is one of the Finland 100 projects celebrating the centenary of Finnish independence.
The best thing about Helsinkis green treasures is that breathtaking nature sites can be well reached by public transport or by bicycle. You may be able to pop into a close-by forested area in the Central Park or visit Helsinki waterfronts to breathe the same sea air as in the outer archipelago in just half an hour, says Helsinki environmental protection manager Pivi
Kippo-Edlund.Read more about the guidebook and buy the book online from Edita: https://www.editapublishing.fi/muut/tuote/helsinki-s-green-treasures-200-natural-attractions
(over 16 years of age)Haartman Hospital and Emergency Room, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12 and Malmi Hospital and Emergency Room, Talvelantie 6 J.Call the Medical Helpline tel. 116117 before you go to the emergency clinic. The service is open 24/7 and free of charge.ChildrenChildren's Hospital Emergency Clinic, Stenbckinkatu 11, tel. 0987 10023. When local health stations are closed, residents of Helsinki with serious illnesses and in urgent need for care can also go to the Jorvi Hospital emergency room in Espoo, Turuntie 150, tel. 09 87 10023, or to the Peijas Hospital emergency room in Vantaa, Sairaalakatu 1, Vantaa, tel. 09 471 83300.Emergency
Dental CareEmergency dental care is provided on Midsummer (22 - 24 June) 9 - 21 at Haartman Hospital, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12. Appointments can be booked 8 - 21 at 09 310 49999. Night emergency duty is at Tl hospital emergency department, Tlnkatu 40, tel. 09 471 87708.Please always call before seeking treatment for Emergency Dental Care.Emergency
Social Services and Crisis emergency support 24/7Emergency Social Services and Crisis emergency support serve 24/7 also on Midsummer. Emergency Social Services tel. 020696 006 and Crisis emergency support tel. 09310 44222. 
"The City is gathering information about areas of development concerning Helsinki as a tourist city. The open questionnaire is directed especially at actors in the tourism industry, but residents' opinions and thoughts about development are also wanted. Based on the comments, a plan of measures will be put into effect in the autumn in order to develop the most important issues relating to the industry as well as to fix potential problems.The questionnaire is used to reveal concrete areas of development concerning tourism infrastructure, attractions and traffic. Besides comments from the residents, answers from tourism entrepreneurs, Suomen matkatoimistoalan liitto SMAL ry, guide associations and the tourist network Makers of Helsinki are gathered.""The most functional city in the world should be functional not only for the residents, but also for tourists. It is important to get concrete information about how we can improve the functionality of Helsinki as a tourist destination and place to visit. This way, any challenges caused by the growth in tourism can also be minimised. We commit to furthering the best ideas that come up in the feedback. That is why I hope those in the industry will participate actively, Mayor Jan Vapaavuori says.Senior Advisor Jukka Punamki at the City's Economic Development unit also finds it important to get feedback about problems from those who work with tourists.""We hope that tourist guides, bus drivers, receptionists and waiters answer the questionnaire. However, feedback from residents is also essential. Tourism is looking good in Helsinki and the growing number of tourists is also changing infrastructure needs.""The investigation process supports the implementation of The Most Functional City in the World  The Helsinki City Strategy 20172021. A Helsinki tourist road map related to the strategy is being prepared. The map is a means of moving the City in a more active direction when it comes to tourism development. The aim is for the map to be ready in 2021.The questionnaire Suggestions to improve the conditions of travel industry and visitors is open until 31 August 2018 and is available in Finnish, Swedish and English.Respond to the questionnaire!Suggestions to improve the conditions of travel industry and visitorsMore informationWebsite for the tourism business in Helsinki (in Finnish)The Most Functional City in the World  The Helsinki City Strategy 20172021"
HSL public transport services will switch to summer timetables on Monday 18 June. At the same time, there will be changes to some bus routes.New timetables are available in PDF format on HSLs website. In addition, you can view the new routes and timetables in HSLs Journey Planner https://www.reittiopas.fi, remember to use the date 18 June or later.Works are already underway to install the new timetables at stops. However, at major transport nodes, such as terminals, summer timetables will be installed just before they take effect.Read more:HSL
Helen's underground heating and cooling plant located under the Esplanade Park has been completed, and trial operations have started. The large heat pumps produce both district heat and district cooling. They recover a significant amount of waste heat from properties for utilisation in heat production.The new heating and cooling plant is located under the Esplanade Park at a depth of some 50 metres. A gigantic cooling accumulator of 25 million litres is also located in connection with the plant. Together they form the underground Esplanade cooling centre.These two newly completed heat pumps that produce heat and cooling are large entities with their pipework.The Esplanade heat pumps replace some of the fossil fuels used in Helen's energy production and reduce carbon dioxide emissions by more than 20,000 tonnes a year.Read more:Helen
Innovators from all over the world are invited to Finland to develop apps that improve life on earth by utilizing satellite data. The World Challenge is an opportunity for students, academia and industry to deliver brilliant innovative solutions that support the mission of the United Nations  especially in the areas of world peace, health, ecology, education and sustainability. The finalist teams get a one-week, all-expense paid trip to Finland for the climax of the Challenge. Main prize includes a slot for experimental technology onboard the International Space Station.The competition is organized by Digital Forum Finland and Ultrahack. NASA and the European Space Agency (ESA) provide a virtual globe platform, Web WorldWind for competitors. Never before has there been such abundance of accessible space data assets as we have today. We call all companies and students from all over the world to join the World Challenge final to no less than make a better world by using these data assets, encourages Minister of Transport and Communications of Finland Anne Berner. Contenders develop a web app based on Web WorldWind platform co-developed by NASA and ESA. The platform enables the integration of e.g. open satellite, drone, telecom and public sector data to a virtual globe model. Web WorldWind experts provide advice, contenders bring innovative brains and development skills. They can map buildings, terrain, vegetation analyses, road status, optimum transportation and more. The goal is to develop global web applications that can be used by anyone anywhere.The deadline for the applications is August 3rd 2018. Finals week takes place on August 27th-30th 2018 in Helsinki and Nokia Executive Experience Center in Espoo, Finland. The Finnish national airline Finnair supports the final week culmination by flying international teams from all over the world to participate the competition.Finland has the honor to host the World Challenge final following UNs decision to establish their European R&D center to Finland this year.Finland already produces the best nanosatellites and commercial satellite data services. Next step is to make Finland the hub for cooperation with the most important space players and the most attractive place to research and develop solutions for sustainability. And dont forget that World Challenge Finland final main prize is a slot for experimental technology onboard the International Space Station, says Kimmo Isbjrnssund, heading ESA Business Incubation activities in Finland.World Challenge Finland is organized by Digital Forum Finland and Ultrahack. Partners include Business Finland, ESA Business Incubation Center Finland, Turku Business Region, EIT Digital, Finnish Meteorological Institute, National Land Survey of Finland, Nokia, CGI, Espoo Marketing, Reaktor Space Lab, GISdevio, City of Helsinki, City of Vantaa, Aalto University, Aalto Startup Center, Microsoft, Vaisala, IBM Finland, University of Helsinki, Clarion Helsinki, SSF, Space Nation, FLIC, Halti and Finnair.Read moreWorld Challenge
"Five solar panel benches, which can be used for recharging electric bicycles and mobile devices, have been introduced in Helsinki by Helen. The first of their kind in Finland, the benches will be located in Teurastamo, Kalasatama and the Market Square.The middle part of the solar bench has an integrated solar panel, which also functions as a seat. You can use the bench for charging up your device even when the sun is not shining as the power generated by the solar panel is stored in an in-built accumulator. The bench has two USB ports and two 230-volt sockets.""The locations of the benches have been planned in cooperation with the Kalasatama project of the City of Helsinki. Kalasatama was selected as one of the sites for the benches because the area is a figurehead for a smart city where intelligent solutions are piloted together with the residents to provide innovative housing services and improved quality of life,"" explains Helen's Project Manager Kristiina Siilin.The benches are protected against vandalism: e.g. the panel is protected by plexiglass, which also ensures that the bench is not too hot to sit on, for example, when wearing shorts.The solar benches have been made possible by Helen's Environmental Penny customers. The objective of the Environmental Penny product is to allocate funds especially for solar and wind power development.The benches are part of the EU project mySMARTLife.Read more:Helen"
Better than the front row  Helsinki Art Museum HAM invites you into the heart of the Philharmonia Orchestra conducted by Esa-Pekka Salonen. Experience the third movement of Sibeliuss Fifth Symphony like never before: through virtual reality headsets and headphones. HAM Helsinki Art Museum: 16.- 29.8. Free entrance.Find out what it feels like to be inside one of the worlds greatest orchestras. As you turn your head, the 3D audio and video allow you to fully experience the nuances of each instrumental section, with sound so detailed you will even hear the score pages turning!This 360-degree experience brings you closer to the inner workings of a symphony orchestra than ever before. As Esa-Pekka Salonen, Principal Conductor & Artistic Advisor of the Philharmonia Orchestra said: The incredible power of virtual reality is that it is disappointing to leave it  to come back to reality. There is no doubt that for classical music virtual reality will be a very powerful, useful medium, and I am very excited to be taking part in this project.Read more: HAM Helsinki Art Museum
The City of Helsinki organises a photo and video contest in the spirit of the website Helsinki New Horizons. We hope to receive pictures and videos of real situations of living in the different neighbourhoods of Helsinki. The photo and video contest continues all summer, from 1 June 2018 to 31 August 2018. How to enterPhotographs: Post your picture on Instagram and add the hashtags #uuttahelsinkikuvakisa as well as the name of the neighbourhood depicted, for example #kalasatama or #haaga. If you wish, you can also describe in more detail what the picture portrays or what the situation in the picture is.Videos: The format of the video can be avi, mp4, mpeg, mov, flv, f4v or wmv. Submit the video through the Helsinki Channel website (in Finnish).The contest prizesPhotographs:1. A gift token worth 300 euros to a shop of your choice2. A gift token worth 200 euros to a shop of your choice3. A gift token worth 100 euros to a shop of your choiceVideos:1. A gift token worth 300 euros to a shop of your choice2. A gift token worth 200 euros to a shop of your choiceHelsinki Neighbourhoods Association Helka will also award grants of 200 euros anddiplomas to the makers of the Helka jury's favourite pictureand video clip.The rules of the contestRead the exact instructions and rules
  Helsinki residents are invited to acquaint themselves with Helsinkis future light rail car and light rail projects at an exhibition on display at Cable Factory 1420 June. The exhibition allows visitors to test the light rail cars seats, see the drivers compartment, give feedback and learn about the plans of the public transport authority Helsinki Region Transport (HSL). Visitors can learn about the future Jokeri Light Rail and the Crown Bridges projects as well as how Helsinki plans to develop areas on light rail lines.The future light rail car of Helsinki, Artic XL, is the big brother of the new Artic tram car now in service in Helsinki. Artic XL is a product of customer-oriented service design. The needs of families with small children and those who move slowly have been some of the key concerns of the designers. The Cable Factory exhibition displays an actual size prototype of the front section of the car. The prototype, which tests the functionality of the design, also shows the blue-and-green colouring of Artic XL.The Artic XL light rail car will operate on the future Jokeri Light Rail line, which will replace the current trunk bus line 550 in the next few years. The rail connection from Kruunuvuorenranta and Laajasalo to the city centre over the Crown Bridges will also be operated by the light rail car. Helsinki will be growing and developing fast on both rail lines.Helsinki City Transport (HKL), the owner and operator of trams in Helsinki, has ordered 29 Artic XL light rail cars, which are manufactured at the Otanmki plant of Transtech Ltd (part of the Czech koda Transportation Group) in Kajaani, eastern Finland. The first prototype car to be tested in traffic will be launched into Helsinki inner city tram service next year.The light rail car exhibition at Cable Factory (kaapelitehdas.fi) offers a rare opportunity to be acquainted with the Helsinki metropolitan areas future transport connections and the development projects driven by them. The exhibition has been produced jointly by HKL, HSL, the Jokeri Light Rail project, the Crown Bridges project, the City of Helsinki and Transtech Ltd.The exhibition opens to the public on Thursday, 14 June at 3 p.m. The hours are 1119 on weekdays and 1216 on weekends. The light rail car designers are on hand on the opening day to answer questions from visitors. The opening day programme includes presentations by project experts, and visitors can give feedback. Also on hand on the opening day is public transport mascot Vlkky to delight children and the child-minded.
The campaign #ProtectYourPocket, financed by the Internal Security Fund of the European Union, includes three short animation videos which will be shown on big screens and distributed on social media. Each video demonstrates, with a touch of humor, how a cartoon figure is not paying attention to the belongings in his or her pockets while standing in a large crowd watching a football game on outdoor big screens, taking public transport or enjoying a concert at a festival. Because of its characteristics these happenings are a paradise for pickpockets.By the use of three animation videos the EUCPN and 25 European Member States aim to step up the fight against this crime by informing and warning citizens on how they can protect themselves.Read more:Prevention PickpocketingEUCPN
For a city bike user, a bicycle is always nearby: There are 150 city bike stations in Helsinki. Espoo currently has 70 stations, with 35 more to be added during the summer. Altogether you have a whopping 2,550 city bikes at your disposal.During the bathing season, which runs from June 4 to August 12, the city has lifeguards on the beaches and take samples out of the water. The outdoor tennis arenas can be used free of charge during the opening hours.The City of Helsinki administers beautiful areas in the archipelago and maritime parks near the city and in areas nearby. Everyone can visit these areas, either for free or by renting.At the National Museum the exhibition Barbie the Icon is now going on. In Kiasma you can see Grayson Perrys exhibition of classical pots and enormous tapestries, with surprising motives. In the City Hall there is an exhibition called Following in Footsteps of Film Stars, where you can get to know Helsinki during the golden era of cinema. At HAM, you can look at graffiti or walk in the footstep of Leonard Bcksbacka, in the ongoing exhibition Air de Paris.Helsinki Citys park website is a guide to park walks in the loveliest parks in town. There are many different trips to the nature in the capital region. You can also take a walk around the parks watching the public art Helsinki has to offer.Theres something for everyone in the restaurants, cafs and clubs of Helsinki. How about that?The citys event calendar gives tips on a daily basis about what to do. The summer begins on the citys birthday, June 12. The traditional military parade brings together military bands from all over the country. The parade is Fridays at 12:30 and the MIL-Espa concert at 2:00 p.m. at the Espa Stage. In July, there is Jazz Espa and in August Etno-Espa on the stage. The summer ends with the Helsinki Festival, August 17 to September 2.On the website MyHelsinki you can check out what's going on in the city. We will always pick these:
The first phase of the Helsinki rail yard improvement project will affect HSLs commuter train services 25 June - 16 July. The works will affect K, N, I and P trains. Some trains will not run between Helsinki and Pasila during the daytime. In addition, there will be changes to departure tracks at Pasila station and passengers are advised to check their platform at the station. Night services, other commuter trains and long-distance trains will run as usual.K trains: K trains will leave from and terminate at Pasila. K trains will not run between Helsinki and Pasila.N trains: N trains will leave from and terminate at Pasila during the daytime. N trains will not run between Helsinki and Pasila during the daytime.I and P trains to/from Helsinki Airport:Only I trains will run from the airport to Helsinki. P trains will run from Helsinki to the airport.Read more:HSL
  Every year for 53 years, the City of Helsinki has congratulated the first baby born in the small hours of the birthday of the City (12 June). Mayor Jan
Vapaavuori visited the Women's Hospital at ten oclock in the morning to congratulate the Helsinki Day baby.A baby boy was born into the family of Natalia Mykknen and Juho Hakola at 00.36.In honour of the babys birth, the City gave the baby a blanket, handmade at the Uusix workshop. In addition, the parents received a bouquet of flowers and a letter of congratulations, according to which the baby will receive a gift of a 200 euro cheque as soon as the baby has been baptised or entered into the population register.The tradition of congratulating the Helsinki Day baby has been going on since 1965.
Helsinkis birthday will be celebrated across the city with free-of-charge events that are open to all. The day gets off to a relaxing start at 9am with morning coffees by the Espa Stage in Esplanade Park together with Mayor Jan Vapaavuori, whose speech will also be signed for the benefit of people with hearing disabilities.Later in the morning, the local slang society Stadin Slangi
  will provide the entertainment on the Espa Stage. Their programme culminates at midday, when the City Slang Man and Woman
of the Year will be named.The Helsinki Day programme offers lots of fun events and activities for kids throughout the city. The Espa Stage will present a special programme for kids in the afternoon from 1pm to 8pm, including performances by Nrpiiset,
  Robin Rekku ja jekkuorkesteri, Klovni Rosalii, Sisidisko and Gommi ja Pommi. The event will be hosted by the Kids Own Radio DJs.City Hall will host a childrens workshop in connection with Helsinki Design
Week, where kids can create an enchanted forest. Families can also visit the Helsinki City Rescue Department and find all about about rescue operations, first aid, accident prevention, civil defence, and safety issues. The Fire
Museum in Erottaja will also be open to the public, and visitors can also enjoy the views from the 42-metre tower.Herttoniemi Manor will host a special Countryside in the City
  event, where kids can play with the farm animals and enjoy pony rides.The Helsinki Day programme includes for the first time this year karaoke. Singa Open Air Karaoke is a fun family singing event that takes place in front of the Helsinki Music
Centre from 4pm to 6pm and continues in the courtyard of the Korjaamo Culture Factory from 6pm to 10pm, where the host will be Ina Mikkola.
Another new event is the Jtksaari Block Party, where you can enjoy a carnival atmosphere. This participatory multi-art event for the whole family brings together local amateurs and professionals in the field of culture.
The Kulttuuritalo House of Culture will be celebrating its 60th birthday with free dances inside the Aalto Hall from 3pm to 7pm. The music will be provided by 2013 Tango Queen Heidi Pakarinen and Karavaani.Annala Villa, the oldest manor house in Helsinki, will also be taking part in the celebrations for the first time. At the Lilac Festival in the Secret Garden you can enjoy elderflower juice on the sunny terrace of the villa during the day and dancing accompanied by live music in the evening.One of the most popular traditional events during Helsinki Day is Dinner
Under the Helsinki Sky, when long tables with white tablecloths are set up along the north side of the Esplanade Park. Up to a thousand people will be able to sit together and enjoy a great meal starting from 7pm. Places at the table can be reserved in advance online or from Virka Info inside City Hall.The classic Kontula Shopping Centre Festival offers a fun programme for the whole family, including the chance to try circus tricks together with the Dance Theatre
Hurjaruuth and live music all the way until 8pm.The popular Yurt Sauna returns to the Tlnlahti bay, offering free saunas from 3pm to 9pm on 10-12 June.This years main Helsinki Day concert is being organised together with Radio Suomipop and Nelonen Media in Kaisaniemi Park. The programme includes top Finnish artists, including Elastinen, Jenni Vartiainen,
  Ismo Alanko, JVG, Sunrise Avenue and Apulanta. The open-air concert is free of charge, and gates open at 3pm.You can also enjoy the atmosphere at the Kustaankartano
Festival with singalongs, music and a performance by the ever-young Finnish entertainer Danny. Younger visitors will be entertained by the childrens orchestra Pistikka, giant soap bubbles and a mini zoo.At the Brygga Park Party in the Old Church Park you can enjoy a wide range of performances, borrow live books and try your hand at art from 1pm to 6pm.Responsibility is a key theme of Helsinki Day
On Helsinki Day, the nations capital is packed with free-of-charge public events that are organised together with local associations, businesses, clubs, organisations and active locals. The festivities are also brought to those who are unable to attend the events in the city. For example, Helsinkis service centres offer activities and entertainment for local residents: Kustaankartano will host a festival, Roihuvuori will offer country dancing, and Laajasalo will have a mini zoo.Event organisers were able to apply for a small grant from the City of Helsinki this spring to help support the production of their Helsinki Day events. This year 21 events were selected by a jury comprising local residents to receive funding.Helsinki Day is organised by the City of Helsinki and coordinated by Helsinki Marketing. This years official partners are Helsingin
Stadin FriiduMaija Johanna Vilkkumaa (age 44) is a Helsinki-based singer-songwriter. She is one of the best-selling musicians in Finland. Vilkkumaa has released seven studio albums, one compilation album and one live album. Nearly all of her studio albums have sold gold, and altogether over 300,000 copies of her albums have been sold in Finland.
   Vilkkumaa, who studied Finnish language at the University of Helsinki, started her career in the band Tarharyhm, established in 1990. However, she created her main career as a solo artist after Tarharyhm split up in 1995. During her career, Vilkkumaa has received several awards, such as the Teosto Prize in 2003 and the Juha Vainio Award in 2010.In 2013, Maija Vilkkumaa published her first novel, Nainen katolla.Stadin KundiJrn Johan Donner (age 85) is a Helsinki-based writer, film director and former MP, as well as a former diplomat and member of the European Parliament. Jrn Donner has written more than 60 books. He published his first book at the age of just 18, directed his first short film at 21, founded the Finnish Film Archive at 24, became a film critic for the Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter, the largest daily newspaper in the Nordic countries, at 27, and received an award for the best first work at the Venice International Film Festival at 30. He is the only Finn to have collected an Academy Award. He received the Finlandia Prize in 1985 for his book Is ja poika. The President of Finland granted Donner the title of professor in 2003.Stadin Slangi ry is Finland's biggest local heritage association, whose important tradition for over 20 years has been to name the Stadin Kundi and Stadin Friidu of the year. Anyone can suggest candidates. The board of the association defines the selection criteria independently. This has led to the range of people chosen over the years being broad and diverse. Examples of these are the first Kundi and Friidu, Kari Rahkamo and Eva-Riitta Siitonen, or last year's familiar names Pirkko Saisio and Reiska Laine.www.stadinslangi.fi
"Liisa Kivel has been appointed Communications Director of the City of Helsinki. She will transfer to the City from her current position as Head of Communications at KONE Corporation. The Communications Director is in charge of the City's communication and heads the communications function of the City Executive Office. The function comprises the City's communication, marketing, public relations and participation, interaction and general information.""Helsinki has an ambitious and inspiring strategy. I see many opportunities for the Communications to help promoting this strategy and eagerly await the new challenges"", says Liisa Kivel. The position as Communications Director was open for application on 623 April and attracted 72 applicants.More information in the City Board agenda and decision announcement (in Finnish)."
Helen is exploring various options of building new bioenergy heating plants in Helsinki. The environmental impact assessment (EIA) of the plant planned for Tattarisuo continues in accordance with the statement issued by the Uusimaa Centre for Economic Development, Transport and the Environment (ELY Centre of Uusimaa) so that the EIA report will include a new site option south of the Tattarisuo industrial area.The environmental impact assessment of the plant planned for Tattarisuo was launched earlier this year. By the new extended deadline, a total of 12 statements, 100 opinions and a petition with more than 2,000 signatures were submitted to the ELY Centre of Uusimaa, which acts as the coordinating authority in the EIA process.According to the statement by the ELY Centre of Uusimaa, the EIA programme meets the requirements of the EIA decree with regard to the contents of the assessment programmes. The most significant requirement in the statement is the new option for the plant's location and its assessment as part of the ongoing EIA process.The ELY Centre also requires more detailed studies of the original site with respect to, e.g. the groundwater, impacts on the surface water and fish stocks of Longinoja, impacts on nature and birds, dust, noise impacts, and the assessment of air quality.In its statement, the ELY Centre requires that new alternatives further from residential houses and other sensitive areas should be sought in the nearby areas of the current site. A new site option is proposed south of the Tattarisuo industrial area on the basis of negotiations carried out with the City of Helsinki.Therefore, both of the site options studied in the EIA will be located in Tattarisuo. Neither option can be implemented if the Malmi airport operations continue.The study on the assessment of environmental impacts of the heating plant continues on the basis of the statement issued by the ELY Centre. The EIA report will be completed in the autumn, and a new public meeting will be held after that in late autumn.An online survey open to all will be published at helen.fi in early autumn as part of the EIA report. A workshop for the stakeholders will also be organised in early autumn.Read more:Helen
The City of Helsinki scientific award will be given to Academician Markku Kulmala on Helsinki Day, 12 June. Kulmala is world leading in the research of the physics and chemistry of atmospheric aerosols, and his research has significantly increased our understanding of the mechanisms of climate change. The research work creates opportunities to reduce the pace of climate change and mitigate its effects. Kulmala is one of the founders of a new field of research that explores the interactions between ecosystems and the atmosphere. The amount of the scientific prize is 10000 euros.Polluted
Academician Markku Kulmala works at the University of Helsinki campus at Kumpula, and the team he leads investigate the impacts of human activity and natural processes on air quality and the climate. The top unit of Kulmala also acts for the benefit of the City by building a comprehensive network for the measurement of air quality and by studying the potential air quality of the prospected city boulevards.Kulmala's integrative approach in particular has significantly reshaped established research environments and structures. Air quality and climate interactions are varied and highly complex phenomena. Polluted air, for example, may change the local and even global climate, and the climate affects air quality in many ways. The research of Kulmala thus offers significant environmental, social and economic benefits.Markku Kulmala has also played a key role in developing international research infrastructures and establishing a major network of observation stations. The comprehensive measurements conducted at Finlands SMEAR stations have contributed to increasing the international significance of the research units under Kulmalas leadership. As proof ot this, Finland today hosts the headquarters and coordination of the European Integrated Carbon Observation System as well as coordinates the European Research Infrastructure for the Observation of Aerosol, Clouds and Trace Gases.The prize aims at
The purpose of the Helsinki City Scientific Award is to strengthen and consolidate Helsinki as a scientific city. The prize is granted as recognition for important scientific work carried out in Helsinki or by an academic with a background in Helsinki. Information about the
  The summer lunch service for children and young people at Helsinkis public playgrounds started on 4 June. The hot meals served outdoors are free of charge, and they are available to everybody under the age of 16. New items on the summer 2018 menus include sweet-potato-and-pumpkin soup and black-salsify soup.Meals are served on every weekday starting at 12 noon until 3 August. There is no registration, but participants should bring their own food bowls, spoons and forks.The public playground summer menus with detailed product information are published in Finnish and can be found here for the next three weeks and here for the full summer season.Check the summer hours of playgrounds here and the playgrounds on a map here (both in Finnish).Read more about public playgrounds in Helsinki here.The public playground summer meal service in Helsinki is now in its 76th year. Over the summer months, about 200,000 servings of food are distributed at a total of 61 playgrounds. This translates into roughly 2,000 kilogrammes of food daily. About 30 playgrounds stay open throughout the summer, while others are closed in July. The busiest month in terms of playground operations and meal service is June.The menus are compiled from foods well suited for outdoor meal service, such as soups and stews. Menus are adjusted annually according to feedback from customers. For example, vegetarian meals have been increased in recent years on the basis of the feedback. Due to many requests, the menus again include traditional Finnish pea soup. Last summer only a vegetarian version of pea soup was served.Meal service at Helsinki public playgrounds has long traditions. Public meal service at playgrounds was begun in 1942, in the midst of World War II, when a large part of Helsinki residents suffered from food shortages. The playgrounds wanted to guarantee at least one hot meal per day to children and young people. The free-of-charge meal service at Helsinki public playgrounds is a unique public service not only in Finland but worldwide.The public playground meal service is organized jointly by the City of Helsinki Education Division and Helsinki Service Centres meal services.Read more:
  Today on Helsinki Day, the city will be presenting awards to roughly 20 influential people from a variety of fields. The recipients have done exemplary work for Helsinki or made the city known through their international efforts. The awards will be presented at the invitational Helsinki Day celebration hosted by the Mayor Jan Vapaavuori and the Deputy Mayors, which will be held in Bio Rex.Golden Helsinki Medals will be awarded to ten accomplished citizens. The 2018 recipients are:The Golden Helsinki Medal is the highest accolade awarded by the City of Helsinki, a kind of honorary citizenship. The City Board decides on the granting of the Helsinki Medals annually in conjunction with Helsinki Day.Helsinki residents who have distinguished themselves in science, arts, culture and sports will also be honoured at the Helsinki Day invitational celebration alongside those receiving the Golden Helsinki Medals.Helsinki-based athlete or sports team of the
Academic Markku Kulmala, researcher of the physics and chemistry of atmospheric aerosols* * *Culture Award 2018 (15,000)Leea Klemola, actor, director, playwright* * * Artist of the Year awards, 3 pcs (5,000
Helsinki offers free-of-charge contraception to residents of Helsinki and students of Helsinkis educational institutions who are under the age of 25.The types of contraceptives offered by the City include contraceptive pills, vaginal rings, IUDs, contraceptive implants and condoms. Young people can ask the nurse of their own educational institution, their local health station or from Helsinkis centralised contraceptive advice service for more information on contraception. Starting contraception with the support of a professional is both safe and easy.Lowering the threshold for asking about contraception and using contraceptive services promotes well-being and health, especially among young people. The resulting reduction in the numbers of unwanted pregnancies and sexually transmitted diseases also leads to health care cost savings.Gynaecologist Satu Suhonen wants to encourage young people to broach the subject of contraception with their loved ones as well as with professionals. Suhonen is the physician in charge of Helsinkis centralised contraceptive advice service.A large proportion of abortions are performed on young people under the age of 25, which is why Helsinki wants to focus its efforts on this age group, Satu Suhonen explains. Suhonen also raises the subject of using condoms in conjunction with other contraceptives.The condom is indispensable when it comes to preventing sexually transmitted diseases, which is why its use is highly encouraged. Helsinki provides a wide range of contraceptive advice services. In addition to providing advice, we also talk to clients about their rights in regard to their own sexuality and body. We also ask about sexual harassment, Suhonen continues.Helsinki is launching a free-of-charge contraception campaign at the start of June, which will be visible on both the streets and digital media.The campaign will be on display for two weeks from 1 June in metro and tram cars, in some of the citys central metro stations and in the Forum and Itkeskus shopping centres, for example.Free-of-charge contraception will also be prominently highlighted on the City of Helsinki Social Services and Health Care Divisions website and its social media channel on YouTube, Facebook and Instagram. Weve also prepared some cards and posters in support of the campaign, which we will be distributing to the Social Services and Health Care Divisions units and cooperation partners.This summer, the students of Helsinkis educational institutions can take care of contraception matters at centralised clinics. For more information on the centralised summer clinics, please contact your educational institutions nurse or call the appointment booking number 050 310 5560.
Southern Helsinki is getting a new landmark at the seafront in Hernesaari: an impressive, nearly one-kilometre-long construction-site wall decorated with art. The art wall will separate the areas of construction work from public spaces on the waterfront, and it will make a colourful landmark for many years to come. Some parts of the wall will change place and move along as the construction work progresses.This colourful wall will be one of the first things seen by the 440,000 annual cruise-ship passengers arriving in Helsinki via the cruise quay that will be moved to Hernesaari next year. In addition, Hernesaari is a popular leisure destination especially in the summer, so the wall will become a familiar sight to thousands of local residents.Helsinki
expedition to HelsinkiIn spring 2017, the City of Helsinki and Aalto University organised a design competition for the art wall, open to students of graphic design. First prize went to Armi Teva and Miia Puustinen, whose Helsinki 24h comprises 24 illustrations depicting Helsinki from morning till night. Each of the illustrations represents one hour of the day, taking you through suburban shopping centres, downtown streets, and everyday life in Helsinki.They also portray interesting places outside the tourist areas, ones that a visitor might otherwise miss. Helsinki residents may spot new perspectives on their hometown while recognising the familiar market spaces, slushy mornings, and summer night memories. In the future, Helsinki 24h will greet the growing Hernesaari suburb and those strolling along its waterfront.The Helsinki
24h art wall is a fine way to kick off the Hernesaari urban development project. The art wall will lead cruise passengers to the city and offer surprising views along the residents seaside route. Those interested can peek through the holes along the wall to see how the construction work is coming along, says Outi Sntti, the project director responsible for urban development in Helsinkis West Harbour area.Official
opening on Helsinki Day, 12 JuneThe official unveiling of the Helsinki 24h art wall will be held as part of the Helsinki Day celebrations at Cafe Birgitta on 12 June. The event will be open to everyone. The opening ceremony will include music, for instance, and the artists will tell about the places and people featured in the images on the wall. In addition, there will be a panel discussion about the development of marine Helsinki and Hernesaari. For more information about the opening ceremony, please visit http://www.helsinkipaiva.fi/tapahtuma/hernesaaren-taideaidan-avajaiset/(only in Finnish). Homes
for over 7,000 people in HernesaariThe construction of a new residential area in Hernesaari begins this year with the demolition of warehouse halls. The wall will separate the demolition and construction site from the street and the waterfront area. Hernesaari will become an active residential and leisure area and a travel destination. Homes will be built for 7,500 residents, mainly in blocks of flats. In the future, Hernesaari will offer 4,000 jobs, the cruise quay, and versatile travel and leisure services.The existing buildings will be demolished, apart from the grain silos, the Munkkisaari industrial building, and the Ford factory building. Also the public sauna Lyly and Cafe Birgitta will remain in Hernesaari. The bulk of the construction work will take place in the 2020s.
  The City of Helsinki handed out research grants worth 73 000 euros for ten projects in urban research on Friday 8 June 2018.The grants were handed out at the summer seminar for urban research, organised by the City. The discussion focused on the cooperation between the City and the institutes of higher education as well as the significance of urban research as support for decision-making. The operations of the newly founded urban research institute and the new scientific developments were on the agenda.The new urban research institute strengthens the interaction
"Finland's first multidisciplinary unit for urban studies has started its operations at the University of Helsinki. The unit studies phenomena relating to cities as well as processes from the perspective of different branches of science. It also strengthens the multidisciplinary co-operation in research projects and in teaching.The City of Helsinki as well as Espoo and Vantaa have funded the institute's operations with about 3 million euros. The funding agreed on for the period of 20182023 will be directed at research that supports the development of the Helsinki metropolitan area. The goal is to strengthen the interaction between the universities and the Cities, support the high quality of urban research as well as add research data about developing cities. The City of Helsinki already has decades of experience of doing its own urban research. The City has also done high-quality urban research in co-operation with higher education for years. The forms of the new co-operation strengthens this further.""We will also need high-quality research-based information in the future so that we are able to solve the challenges of urbanisation and big cities as well as take advantage of opportunities. Founding the urban research institute is an important step in gathering data and research concerning cities. The funding of the institute as well as the research grants handed out today, already for the 30th time, is an expression of how highly the City of Helsinki regards researchers. The funding also expresses the persevering, tight and successful partnership between the City and the institutes of higher education in the Helsinki metropolitan area,"" Mayor Jan Vapaavuori stated in his speech at the summer seminar. The significance of the research subject for the City of"
The City grants are meant for researchers with a master's degree, especially those working on their licentiates or doctoral theses. The grants are also used to support postdoctoral researchers.The scientific quality of the research plan, the feasibility and the significance of the research subject for the City of Helsinki are all grounds for giving out the grants.The grants of the City of Helsinki were handed out to the
A new denizen of Helsinki will alight on the ledge at the north end of Tennis Palace on Helsinki Day, 12 June 2018. Artist Villu Jaanisoos Seagull is a portrait of the tenacious and alert bird that has adapted to life in the Finnish capital. The fibreglass figure is over six metres tall. Commissioned by Helsinki Art Museum, it inaugurates a new series of changing works on the ledge over the entrance to the Tennis Palace. The work will remain in place for the time being, and may eventually be transferred to another location in Helsinki. The Seagull will brighten up the north end of the building and serve as a landmark to announce HAMs presence.The unveiling of Seagull will be part of the Lokki Block Party on Helsinki Day. The work will be unveiled by Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori at 16:15. Lokki Block Party will provide programme in the spirit of HAMs Graffiti exhibition from 14:3017:30. The programme also includes a Supafly street art workshop in HAM Corner, and performances by rap artists Asa, Haamu and AK. The event will be hosted by Renaz Ebrahimi, and dance music will be played by DJ SHY GRL.Estonian-born Villu Jaanisoo (b. 1963) has been professor at the Academy of Fine Arts since 2009. A bold reformer of the tradition of sculpture, Jaanisoos expressive public artworks are famous for their innovative use of materials. His public works in Helsinki include Siberian Jay in Kalasatama, which belongs to HAMs collection, and Everything Is Possible, a large gorilla made of used car tyres that was destroyed in spring 2018. The gorilla piece belonged to the State Art Collection.Natural motifs, recognisable animals in particular, are typical element in Jaanisoos art. I create art of the things I see, he says. He is also masterful in the use of materials and form in a monumental scale. I usually make a scale model first, although everything works better in a large scale. I like creating large works of art. You get immersed in the process so that you forget all your troubles.Read more
New parking arrangements for tourist traffic will be tested this year in the vicinity of the Senate Square. New parking spaces for tourist buses will be placed on Unioninkatu and Rauhankatu.  The goal of this experiment is to reduce wrongful parking of tourist buses in the Senate Square, thus improving the pedestrian safety and comfort on the square, Project Director Katariina Baarman from the Helsinki City Executive Office says.The circumstances for pedestrians are also improved by making the section of Hallituskatu that is situated beside the Senate Square a pedestrian street.The new parking spaces for tourist buses will be placed on Unioninkatu, on the section between Kirkkokatu and Rauhankatu. The new parking spaces on Rauhankatu will be placed on the section between Unioninkatu and Snellmaninkatu. Simultaneously, this section of Rauhankatu will be made a one-way street, allowing the direction of travel from Unioninkatu towards Snellmaninkatu. The new parking and traffic arrangements are valid from12 June until the end of October. The plan is also to extend the trial during the summer season 2019 so that the parking spaces for tourist buses are removed from the eastern and southern edges of the Senate Square. According to the plan, the buses could, however, still drop off and pick up passengers at the edge of the square.Whether or not the parking arrangements are to be made valid for every summer season will be discussed after the trial periods and after the acquired experiences have been analysed. Background informationThe most functional city in the world  The Helsinki City Strategy 20172021 provides the guidelines for the future of Helsinki. The strategy is implemented in key projects, one of which concerns an expansion of the central pedestrian zone and the prerequisites for an underground distributor street. The changes in the parking arrangements for tourist traffic on the Senate Square constitute one part of the solutions assessed in the project.Further information:Katariina BaarmanProject Director Helsinki City Executive Officetel. 09 310 37125katariina.baarman(at)hel.fiThe parking arrangements for tourist traffic www.uuttahelsinkia.fi/keskusta/suunnittelu
  The English section of the Helsinki-info bulletins new edition presents the International House Helsinki one-stop source of services for international newcomers, a Moroccan-born Helsinki resident, and training for immigrants on how to live safely in their Finnish homes.International House Helsinki provides newcomers to the Helsinki region with information and public authority services, allowing them to get settled and to start working without delay. Employers obtain free advisory services in matters related to the international workforce.Its a big improvement from the past, both for international employees and for employers, to have all essential services under one roof, says Human Resource Specialist Emilia Kyllnen of Futurice, a digital services company that actively recruits international workforce.
Integration starts here, declares Elina Nurmi, Project Manager of International House Helsinki, which is coordinated by the City of Helsinki.A long-time chef and food entrepreneur in Helsinki, Moroccan-born Hicham Daoussi believes in the power of food to build bridges between cultures. Food unites people across religions and cultures, he says. Daoussi not only makes Moroccan food but plans to take Finns on culinary tours to Morocco.The Helsinki rescue society HELPE runs a safety training programme for immigrants. There is a great need for the training, HELPE Director Olli-Veikko Kurvinen says, explaining that newcomers to Finland are often unaware of many basic questions related to everyday safety. The programmes safety trainers include volunteer members of immigrant communities, and training is given in the trainees languages and with attention to their cultural backgrounds.Read the above articles in Helsinki-info
HSL will introduce new public transport fare zones and tickets as soon as the majority of Travel Cards have been changed to new ones. The goal is to introduce the new fare model at the beginning of 2019. Ticket prices will also change. According to the proposal, the new 30-day AB ticket would cost five euros more than the current city internal season ticket. However, the new ticket will allow passengers to travel in a much larger area than the current internal tickets. Consequently, for many season ticket users, the total cost of travel will actually decrease as they no longer need to buy single tickets for journeys outside the validity zone of their current season ticket. Those season ticket users, who will only need an AB or BC ticket, will in the future pay 44 percent or almost 47 euros less for their season ticket than at present. In addition, HSL will introduce an annual ticket that is payable monthly, providing the most ecomical way to use public transport.The new fare zones will meet the needs of the expanding Helsinki region with its increasingly compact urban form and growing population. The Helsinki region constitutes an integrated commuting area, where residents travel across municipal boundaries. In many places, the closest shopping center, library or swimming hall may be in the neighboring municipality. In additin, the regions municipalities are increasingly developing their services so that it is easy to use them across municipal boundaries. The new zone model will, in many cases, make travel across municipal boundaries much cheaper than at present, says Suvi Rihtniemi, the Executive Director of HSL.The current ticket zones follow municipal boundaries and short journeys across municipal boundaries are expensive relative to the distance travelled. Another problem is that the journeys made with the same ticket can vary a lot in length: in the east, you can travel all the way to the border of Sipoo, while in the west, the regional ticket zone begins already in Hanasaari.In addition, the new model will simplify the ticketing system. The current tickets and their validity zones are difficult to understand: what do region, extended region 2 and extended region 3 mean? Zones radiating from the center of Helsinki, indicated by letters ABCD are easier to understand.According to forecast models, the new zones will increase the use of public transport across the region by one percent in the long-term. The figure may sound small but it is a significant shift as the total number of public transport journeys in the region is over 370 million a year. Public transport passenger kilometers will increase even more, by about five per cent, as the distances travelled increase. The use of public transport is expected to increase the most in the large B zone, where public transport supply is good. About half of the HSL area population, over 600,000 people, live in Zone B.What will the tickets cost?The Executive Board of HSL will decide the ticket prices for 2019 in autumn 2018. On 12 June, the Board will circulate the Operational and Financial Plan 2019-2021 to municipalities for comments. The prices are proposals used to calculate the budget. The Executive Board of HSL will decide the prices on the basis of the municipalities statements on the Operational and Financial Plan in autumn 2018. The ticket revenue goal set out in the plan is 371.3 million euros.Read more
The new HSL app combines tickets, the Journey Planner and transport news tailored to passengers preferences all into one app. In addition to single and day tickets, the new mobile app allows passengers to buy 30-day season tickets for adults.The new HSL app combines mobile tickets, routes and transport news tailored to passengers preferences into one mobile service.HSLs 30-day tickets for adults go mobile with the new HSL app, says Mari Flink, HSLs Director of Customer Experience and Sales.The app also includes the HSL Journey Planner. The Journey Planner finds the fastest routes and tells which ticket you need for your journey. The app allows you to buy a ticket directly for the selected route.In addition, the HSL app keeps users up-to-date with transport news. The app shows transport news tailored to the users preferences in the news stream. Passengers can see news for their favorite routes and areas in one glance.We want to keep our customers up-to-date as much as possible. If a customer tells they live, for example, in Pasila and travel by tram and train, the service can tell the customer about tram diversions or changes to access routes at Pasila station, explains Niko Tynkkynen, the person responsible for the design of the HSL app.A feature allowing customers to purchase a monthly auto-renewable subscription will be added later. Customers will always have a valid ticket and they need not remember to buy a new ticket, says Satu Rnnqvist, HSLs Senior Mobile and Online Sales Expert.The HSL app is available for Android and Apple iOS devices from app stores free of charge. Tickets can be paid by payment card or by mobile payment. The tickets available include single and day tickets for children and single, day and 30-day tickets for adults.Read more
Helsinki celebrates its 468th birthday on Helsinki Day, 12 June. The citizens have the chance to celebrate at over a hundred free events all around the city. Mayor Jan
Vapaavuori opens Helsinki Day on the Espa stage during the morning coffee event at 9:00. After this, the Mayor visits the Women's Hospital in accordance with the tradition to congratulate the first baby born on Helsinki Day as well as his or her parents. As tradition has it, Stadin Slangi ry will reward Stadin Kundi and Friidu on the Espa stage at about 12:00. The reception room's balcony at the City Hall is open for the public at 1416. On the balcony, you have the chance to meet the City of Helsinki's Mayor and Deputy Mayors.The Mayor hosts the Helsinki Day festivities at Bio Rex, Lasipalatsi at 17:30. Citizens of Helsinki are rewarded at the party. The Helsinki residents have earned credit in the fields of sports, science, arts and culture.The following prizes will be awarded at Bio Rex:
  The Helsinki City Executive Office has adopted a new organizational structure, which took effect on 1 June, 2018. The number of divisions was reduced from six to five, and communication functions were reorganized into a new Communications division.The biggest changes took place in the Economic Development and Planning Division and in Communications. The personnel of the Economic Development and Planning Division grew from 160 to around 200, as the division added a new unit, that is, Information Technology. The unit consists of the information technology personnel of the former Information Technology and Communications division of the City Executive Office.
The new Communications division has three units: Communications, Marketing, and Participation and Citizen Information. Communications and Participation and Citizen Information were parts of the former Information Technology and Communications division, which is now replaced by the Communications division.The recruiting process for the head of the Communications division, that is, Director of Communications, is nearing completion. The goal is to have the new Director of Communications in office after the summer vacations period.In addition to the three units, the Communications division comprises the Infopanki (Info Bank) information portal for international newcomers as well as the Protocol and Hospitality team, which both report to the Director of Communications.The reorganization of the Economic Development divisions units and teams continues. According to the City Executive Offices operating regulations, the divisions organizational structure will be confirmed later with a separate decision.Legal Services has ceased to exist as an independent division and now operates as a unit of the Administrative Division.Internal Auditing continues to report directly to the City Manager, that is, it is not part of any of the five divisions of the City Executive Office.The responsibilities of the City Executive Office remain the same as before despite the internal reorganization of the office. The City Executive Office is the planning, preparation and executive body for the City Council, City Board and the Mayors.
  The cruise vessel M/s Isosaari now ferries visitors from the Helsinki Market Square to the Isosaari island and back on a regular schedule. In addition to scheduled service, full-service chartered cruises to Isosaari are organized on M/s Isosaari for corporate and other groups. There are several daily departures from the Market Square. The travel time to Isosaari is about 40 minutes.M/s Isosaari is one of the largest archipelago cruise vessels in Finland. Formerly named M/s Asp, and it used to operate in the archipelago between Turku and Ut in western Finland. The vessel can carry up to 275 passengers, and its 15 cabins can accommodate at least 40 passengers on overnight cruises. There is an indoor restaurant that seats 80 guests and two large sun decks. With a length of more than 40 metres, M/s Isosaari can operate in demanding conditions.Almost the size of the Suomenlinna islands, Isosaari is one of the Helsinki region islands furthest away from the city. It was opened to visitors last year and has been a popular destination for outings ever since.
The Isosaari island has a great deal to see and to do. The nature is versatile and untouched. The island has a colourful history. It served as a waypoint and base for seafarers and fishermen from the mid-17th century onwards. Most lately, Isosaari has served as a fortress island. The island was in military use for more than 100 years, serving independent Finland since 1917. Military operations on the island closed in 2012.Visitors to Isosaari can enjoy many services on the island: two restaurants, a waterfront outdoor restaurant, three saunas, marinas for guests, guiding services, and Finlands most demanding par-3 golf course.
According to a recent comparison carried out by the Danish digital startup platform Valuer, Helsinki is the second best location in the world for a startup entrepreneur.What pushed Helsinki to the upper reaches of the list were aspects such as talented entrepreneurs, accelerators, investors, key influencers and business hubs, as well as early-stage funding channels and the citys international networks.In addition, the international reputation of Helsinkis startup field was mentioned, which has been boosted by companies such as Nokia, Rovio, Supercell and Linux. The promising startups in the area mentioned by Valuer are Naava, Yousician, Smartly.io, Blok, Singa and Nosto Solutions.The comparison also took into consideration the cities cost of living, safety, housing market and quality of life. At the top of the list was Singapore, and the third place, after Helsinki, went to San Franciscos Silicon Valley. In fourth place was Berlin, with Stockholm as fifth.Additional informationValuer  The Top 50 Best Startup Cities in the World
Main image: Microsofts representatives thanked the City for organising a successful event. The company, in turn, received an award at the event for developing communality and the ecosystem. From the left: Agnieszka Wolnicka, Mohammad Bakharzy, Anne Alarotu, Pekka Horo and Max Mickelsson.Cities must take startup companies seriously and understand that they have a lot of potential. When the companies succeed and internationalise, they bring large amounts of tax income, says Marek Kiisa, one of Estonias most well-known business angels.The City of Helsinki took on the challenge on Tuesday with the Helsinki Startup Day, an event open to everyone, offering the chance to network with startup companies and meet investors and accelerators.The main organiser of the event was the Citys Enterprise Services NewCo Helsinki, and the other organisers were the Finnish Business Angels Network FiBAN, education business accelerator xEdu, Slushs summer version the Start North community and the twin city Talsinki project.The main organiser of the event was the City of Helsinkis Enterprise Services NewCo Helsinki. Wide smiles were justified, since the event was a success. Some of the organisers of the event had time for a picture. From the left: Lauri Mttnen, Ari Seppnen, Soile Pietil, Tommo Koivusalo, Touko Kontro, Tatu Palomki and Otto Heikkil.The day featured a packed programme including everything from workshops to pitches and expert presentations.Marek Kiisa was one of the workshop facilitators and a panellist in the afternoon. Kiisa and another panellist, New York-based investor Stephan Reckie, both emphasised the building of trust and the significance of the entrepreneurs passion. Of course, new companies must also be able to sell their idea.Business angels Stephan Reckie and Marek Kiisa summed up their advice for startup companies: Be dependable, let your passion show and pitch continuously.Pitching must be done continuously, not only at pitching events. And your passion for your idea must show, said Reckie.The education business accelerator xEdu was responsible for one of the workshops. When xEdus CEO Antti Korhonen summed up the learning environment of the future, the participants actively recorded the presentation on their camera phones.The first ever Helsinki Startup Day was a success. The head of NewCo Helsinki Tommo Koivusalo says that when the planning and organising of the pilot event was started the expected turnout was two to three hundred people. Instead, there were a thousand registrations.The popularity of the event suggests that there is a strong startup ecosystem with a vast reputation.The event gained the interest of not only startup companies and investors but also the international media.Other cities do not organise free events open to everyone such as this one. But we in Helsinki want to be original in a good way, says Koivusalo.In his opening words to the event, Koivusalo asked the participants for feedback, which will be taken into account when planning future events.The Citys Mayor Jan Vapaavuori amused the audience in his greeting speech by asking a couple of times if hes pitching Helsinki enough. He mentioned a long list of aspects that make Helsinki one of the most fascinating cities in Europe. Among other things, Helsinki is stable but creative, dependable and the right size. Its location is no longer described as a distant corner of Europe either, but instead the most convenient route to Asia.Mayor Jan Vapaavuori pitched Helsinki diligently in his greeting to participants.At the event, the City wanted to award a company, community or individual, who does valuable work in developing communality and the startup ecosystem. The choice was not easy, since there are a lot of such operators.The award was eventually given to Microsoft Flux, a free communal workspace with meeting rooms and startup services.The mutual communality of the starting companies stood out several times during the day. According to a recent report by Startup Genome, the startup field in Helsinki is the most communal in the world. Indeed, the ranking was praised not only in the days presentations but also in the corridors.The ranking is not without foundation, assured Aaro Isosaari, Johannes Salmisaari and Timo Luukkola from the student organisation Aaltoes. They believe that the startups operating here have a common understanding that when you help a friend from another company, you learn something yourself.Communality is really strong here. If there are problems, you actually get help. Those that already have their business running are glad to help others start their business, said Salmisaari.Aaro Isosaari, Timo Luukkola and Johannes Salmisaari from the student organisation Aaltoes praised Helsinkis communality. The ranking of the startup field in Helsinki is not without foundation.Luukkola has noticed that in our startup circles you can call anyone and get help quickly.They are proud of the activities of Aaltoes, as well as their student entrepreneur event, FallUp. They all help young people with the early steps of entrepreneurship.Director of Government Affairs at Microsoft Max Mickelsson found the event to be an excellent use for the City Hall. General Manager of Microsoft Finland Pekka Horo added that this kind of a startup event increases the citys attractiveness and profiles it as startup friendly.The event passes on the idea that this is a city worth coming to and that the city has a functional ecosystem.Avanto Ventures, which connects startups and large companies, also has the same impression.This is a really good day. We have good startups and investors attending. Credible players have been present. I am really glad that we are part of this, said Maija Ikonen.She also thinks that Helsinki has become a communal place and that an example of this is the startup centre Maria 01 in the premises of the former Maria Hospital. The City of Helsinki is one of the owners of the company Startup Maria.Maija Ikonen from Avanto Ventures praised the event. Interesting startups and big prominent players were present at the event.We operate on Mechelininkatu next to Maria. It is full of really good startups and it is home to some great communality. Maria 01 is a great place also in the sense that it trains and develops entrepreneurs. Every week we have golden opportunities, said Ikonen.In the Digirockstars workshop, Oki Tg explained why 90 per cent of startups fail and how failure could be avoided.Tea Kyht from Merikoti Oy is pleased that the electronic world we live in still has events where you get to meet people face to face. She was interested in a few startups at the event, as an investor. The first Helsinki Startup Day* Approximately one thousand registrations. Participants included startups, investors and experts from the Nordic and Baltic countries.* Free and open to everyone.* In addition to expert presentations, the event included workshops and spontaneous meetings between entrepreneurs and investors.* It also functioned as a warm-up for the Arctic15 event starting this Wednesday, which gathers investors and startups together at the Cable Factory.* In connection with the event, FiBAN organised their Pitch Finland event this time under the name Pitch Helsinki. The startups chosen by the screening board presented themselves to approximately hundred angel investors. Unlike normally, the event was open to the public.Additional informationThe Helsinki Startup Day programme Text: Kirsi RiipinenPhotos: Ilkka Ranta-aho
Helsinki Pride fills the city with all the colours of the rainbow in the week after Midsummer 25.6.-1.7.2018. During seven days, over 80 events in 50 different places in Helsinki. Helsinki Pride week is organised by HeSeta ry, an organisation working for improving the rights and well-being of the LGBTIQ-people, and by a large number of volunteers.Read more:Helsinki Pride
"Seven borough liaisons have been hired to promote citizen participation. The areas of the borough liaisons were published in May. Each borough liaison has been given neighbourhoods, in which he or she furthers citizen initiatives and helps networks in the area to find each other. We are bridge-builders between the citizen and the city, we establish connections to the city organisation with others who engage in participation work, says Outi Rissanen, borough liaison for north-eastern Helsinki.The borough liaisons confirm in unison that they are excited and full of expectations ahead of the new job. I am ready to break down prejudices, if we should meet such, says Jarkko Laaksonen, borough liaison for southern Helsinki.The borough liaisons will begin by planning how to best reach out to the residents, companies and communities and become known in their own areas. In the future, they can be contacted through electronic channels or met, for example, at a library, playground or events. Initially, the liaisons outline the co-operation networks, needs and resources in their own areas. I am waiting to be able to further the community relations in my area, says Silja Lindblad, borough liaison for western Helsinki. On the same track is Antti Sarpo, borough liaison for the central neighbourhoods, who hopes to be able to guide the citizens through the complicated city organisation.The areas of the borough liaison have mainly been allocated according to the seven major districts of the city. The population of the major districts varies from about 40,000 to over 100,000, which is why the district division has been reworked a bit. The attachment includes a list of the neighbourhoods allocated to each city pilot.Ella Tanskanen from the northern major district wants to build new kinds of activities, specifically activities rooted in the needs of the citizens. A colleague, Belinda Barbato from the eastern major district and stersundom, wants to start off by getting to know the residents and players in her area, and sorting out what kind of ideas the residents already have for developing their own area.""Participatory budgeting on the city level is a new thing""The borough liaisons note that the city already offers a lot of opportunities for interaction and participation, but a new thing in the operations of the city is the participatory budgeting, which commences in autumn. There, the citizens get to decide annually the purposes for which a sum of 4.4 million is spent. The borough liaisons work together with other city player to ensure that the preparation of area-specific projects is carried out in a multivoiced and equal manner. The aim is to make all citizens join in. Even those who have not participated before, says Pauli Saloranta, borough liaison for the southeastern major district and Vuosaari.The kick-off seminar presenting participatory budgeting on 31 May invited together citizens, city employees and experts of participation. New forms of participation were discussed at the seminar. The Potkua osallisuuteen (""Boost to participation"") event was open to everyone. Areas of the borough liaisons"
Helsinki Business Hub takes action to tackle the issue of talent shortage. The project is initiated in the IT sector, where talent shortage is most acute. Various estimates suggest Finland currently needs 7000 software developers and the amount is predicted to grow each year. Education alone cannot solve this challenge.Helsinki Business Hub will not be solving the challenges in talent attraction alone  the activities are carried out in cooperation with different public and private sector actors. Participants include the cities of Helsinki and Espoo, The Ministry of Economic Affairs and Employment, as well as the regions software companies.By doing things together we aim to avoid overlaps and gain as much results as possible. A year is a short time, when we are dealing with people and their willingness to relocate. The goal in this time frame is to attract 100 experts to the Helsinki region. In addition to that, we are developing a new approach, that can be scaled up after the pilot project and transferred to serve other industries as well, says Miska Hakala, Director of Business Platform Development at Helsinki Business Hub.Attracting talented software developers is the lifeblood of the Finnish industries and services. Otherwise production will be draining from Finland to abroad. It is excellent, that this challenge is now being tackled with this Talent Attraction Project and practical actions are taken in attracting the experts here, says Rasmus Roiha, CEO of Finnish Software Entrepreneurs Association.The IT sector is the natural starting point for the development of talent attraction. The industry has an acute need, but IT know-how is also one of Finlands biggest strengths. However, this is not purely just about software companies. With the transformation brought by digitalization, attracting software developers is becoming more and more crucial for all industries.We are constantly in need of educated, and also somewhat experienced professionals in software development. At best the larger talent pool would ease the recruitments for everyone in the industry, and thus improve the entire sectors competitiveness. Especially startups often have to face competition over the same talents with the bigger companies, which can hinder their growth. As result, the process of entering new innovations to the markets is slowed down, comments Tuomas Kytmaa, Managing Director of Zalando Finland.The Talent Attraction Project kicks off rapidly with needs assessment and identifying potential target markets. Our plan is to pilot different marketing activities as soon as possible. This way we will rapidly get info on which measures yield results and can develop our operations efficiently in short time. The capital regions of our neighboring countries have conducted talent attraction activities for years already. We must gain results fast, in order to survive the competition also in the future, Hakala says.The Talent Attraction Project is a pilot supported by the cities of Helsinki and Espoo and the Uusimaa Regional Councils regional trials and innovations (AIKO) funding. For its part the project executes the Finnish Ministry of Economic Affairs and Employments Talent Boost program, which aims to make Finland more attractive for international experts and strengthen the growth and internationalization of Finnish companies through international talent. Talent boost
  Helsinki seeks to build a functional and carbon-neutral city together with citizens and businesses. The City of Helsinki will investigate during the summer of 2018 how the Carbon Neutral Helsinki 2035 action plan will impact the areas business conditions. As part of the investigation, the City will be gathering opinions from representatives of the areas businesses and others interested in the subject. One of the goals of the investigation is to find out how the action plan can contribute to the creation of new jobs and export opportunities. The investigation will also explore the concerns and wishes related to the action plan as well as proposals for further development of the plan.In accordance with the Helsinki City Strategy, Helsinki shoulders its responsibilities to mitigate climate change and seeks to become carbon neutral by 2035, says the City of Helsinki climate expert Mira Jarkko. Extensive climate action has significant impacts on the whole society, and were now exploring its impacts on business conditions in particular.A proposal for the Carbon Neutral Helsinki 2035 action plan, containing 143 actions, was completed in February 2018. By implementing the action plan, Helsinki will be systematically moving towards carbon neutrality in 2035. The actions are targeted at the current City Council term, and the plan will be updated for each new Council term. The cost efficiency of the actions and the effects of the entire programme on the quality of life and business conditions in Helsinki will be assessed during the summer of 2018 in close cooperation with decision-makers, the business community and residents. The assessment work will utilize the results of an expert seminar and an online survey.Carbon neutrality will require Helsinki to shift to emissions-free energy production. In addition, emissions from transport, housing and consumption must be reduced markedly in Helsinki with the help of improved energy efficiency and other measures. The climate action will also have an impact on business conditions in Helsinki in the coming decades. For example, an increase in the number of electric vehicles and new mobility services can improve air quality, reduce traffic noise and ease mobility. Improvements in the energy efficiency of the Helsinki building stock and increases in locally produced renewable energy can produce savings for property owners.To be realized, a systematic climate action programme requires participation by businesses, but at the same time it can create immense new business opportunities. We believe that the programme will have positive consequences, generating growth in the regions clean tech business and creating new jobs. Helsinki also wants to serve as a testing platform and as a home market reference for new solutions, promoting export opportunities for those solutions, says Helsinki Economic Development Director
  Marja-Leena Rinkineva.Energy efficiency will not improve with mere regulations, and consumption patterns will not change, if there are no alternatives that can improve the quality of life. The City of Helsinki wants to create good opportunities to lead carbon neutral lives in cooperation with citizens and the business community. The climate action will impact the quality of life of Helsinki residents, health, general living comfort, the number of jobs in Helsinki, and the citys overall appeal. The investigation to be conducted during the summer of 2018 will help the City to assess other possible impacts of the climate action.The Carbon Neutral Helsinki 2035 action plan will proceed to final decision-making in OctoberNovember 2018. The climate work will continue after the decision has been made this will involve development of workable solutions and implementation of those solutions together with businesses and the citizens of Helsinki.Carbon-neutral Helsinki can be realized only through collaboration among the City, citizens, the business community and the Finnish Government, Mira Jarkko emphasizes.Helsinki
HIMSS Europe 2019 & Health 2.0 2019 is the annual digital health conference that gathers people from hospital CEOs to innovative SMEs and start-ups from all over Europe and overseas. It is the biggest and most significant event in this area in Europe.The conference offers a great chance to explore international innovations in consumer health, patient care, digital healthcare technologies, big data and analytics, AI and, wearables as well as network with over 2000 digital health stakeholders.The conference showcases the cutting edge and innovative solutions from up-and coming startups which will shape the future.A tremendous team effort has been done in order to arrange HIMSS & Health 2.0 Europe conference in Messukeskus Helsinki, Expo and Convention Centre in 2019 and for the next three years. Messukeskus is the biggest event organizer in Finland with over 2000 events and 1,2 Million visitors per year. Several organizations have worked together in order to achieve this goal. The parties are: Ministry of social affairs and health, Sitra, Business Finland, City of Helsinki, University of Helsinki, The Hospital District of Helsinki and Uusimaa (HUS), Business Oulu, Turku Science Park and Messukeskus Helsinki, Expo and Convention Centre. This project has shown how well the public & private organizations work together in Finland.Finland is a perfect location for this conference for many reasons. For example, Finland ranks number one in availability of latest technologies and the availability in scientists and engineers. Finland is among the most digital countries worldwide. It scores very well in the strength of digital skills where it is ahead of all other Member States with some distance. It is also very strong in digital public services. Digital skills are the greatest relative strength of Finland.eHealth era started 35 years ago when first hospital information systems were taken into use. Since then electronic services have become mainstream and already since several years ago all patient records are stored and shared electronically. According to international studies, Finland is one of the leading countries in eHealth. The national eHealth infrastructure is solid and gives possibility for further development.The most recent eHealth service is the national personal health record storage that is offered free of charge for every citizen. It is also free for innovative companies who want to build new health or wellness related services. This is a unique concept in the world. For example, wearable monitor manufacturer can store data to this PHR system and citizen can forward it further to healthcare service provider.With a world-class startup scene, highly educated people/workforce, and a unique and proven ecosystem that fosters R&D, Finland is one the best places to find new ideas and expand your business.Original news articleby Business Finland 29.5.2018HIMSS Europe 2019 & Health 2.0 2019 conference will take place in Helsinki, Finland
State-of-the art libraries like Oodi, the new Helsinki Central Library, are not only a key element in the international renowned Finnish education system but also design attractions in themselves. Designed by ALA Architects, Oodi showcases Finnish wood construction and modern architecture, setting the trend for the libraries of the future. CNN has even named Oodi one of the most highly anticipated new buildings of 2018.Oodi will be a non-commercial public space open for everyone, proudly taking its place in the node of parliamentary and cultural institutions. The 10,000-square-metre building has been designed together with the residents of Helsinki to ensure that it corresponds to their needs as well as possible. In addition to traditional library services, Oodi will offer workshops with 3D printers and sewing machines, diverse workspaces, a cinema, a game room and music studios.Finns are among the worlds most enthusiastic users of public libraries the population of 5.5 million people borrows close to 68 million books a year. Indeed, Finland was named the worlds most literate nation by the UN in 2016. Not only will we open a new-world class central
Vapaavuori, Mayor of Helsinki. Oodi and Finnish library culture and architecture are currently on display at the Venice Architecture Biennale, which runs from 26 May to 25 November 2018. The Mind-Building exhibition at the Pavilion of Finland explores the development of Finnish library architecture over the years, from the countrys first public library in 1881 to the opening of Oodi in December 2018. Mind-Building
"rests on the idea of the public library as a case study of modern monumentality. The exhibition considers libraries as buildings that remind us of the values of civic society and the power of enlightenment. The exhibition at the Pavilion of Finland and its library theme have attracted a lot of international media attention, including positive previews in The Guardian, CNN and Monocle. Both Wallpaper and the Financial Times have named Mind-Building one of the highlights of this years biennale.""We are delighted by the great reception that"
Celebrating its 100-year-long existence, the Finnish Defence Forces will organise a public event themed National Defence is everybodys business available to everyone free of charge at the Senate Square in Helsinki from 30 May to 4 June.Offering plenty to experience, this festival will sport as its main display area the Senate Square that will be open to the public from 30 May to 4 June 2018 from Wednesday to Sunday daily at 10-18, and on Monday at 10-16. The display points available in a bespoke tent will feature Finnish Defence Forces personnel, conscripts and reservists as well as representatives of national defence associations.This festival will also include an equipment display as well as tailored demonstrations, and offer a chance to give a Hornet simulator a try. Moreover, the daily treats will comprise musical performances by versatile military bands, and on Sunday 3 June the Finnish Defence Forces Conscript Band will feature Diandra as its soloist. In addition, a series of interviews will be available highlighting the experiences and views of conscripts, personnel, and national defence specialists.Apart from the main display area at the Senate Square, the venues will include the Etelsatama Harbours Pier of Pakkahuone display of a Hamina class fast attack missile craft from 2 June to 4 June. Moreover, the Military Museum in Suomenlinna houses a special exhibition, A hundred years of work during war and peacetime focusing the history of the Finnish Defence Forces, free of charge until June 6th.On Saturday 2 June this Festival will also extend to Santahamina, the Guard Jaeger Regiment and National Defence University, as well as the Naval Academy in Suomenlinna as part of the Finnish Defence Forces Visitors Day. This days highlights will include an Utti Jaeger Regiment parachute jump with the Finnish flag from an NH90 transport helicopter at 14:50 onto Kaivopuisto, followed by a Hornet solo flight as well as an airshow by the Midnight Hawks aerobatics team off Kaivopuisto, weather permitting. Air Force flying display cause noise.The Senate Square area will be most accessible by means of public transportation since exceptional traffic arrangements catering for assembiling and disassembling the displays will apply in its vicinity from 29 May to 4 June.You will be able to enjoy the Finnsh Defence Forces 100 also online in social media by #pv100. During the course of the Festival, the best photos published on the Instagram by #pv100kuva will be daily awarded.Read moreProgram
In the new edition of the City of Helsinkis international news bulletin Helsinki News, Helsinki Deputy Mayor for Culture and Leisure Nasima Razmyar asserts that culture and leisure play vital roles in achieving Helsinkis strategic goal to become the worlds most functional city. Our role in building a functional city is to brighten that city. We can make people happy, Razmyar says.
Razmyar points out that the Helsinki Central Library Oodi, which will open to the public on 3 December 2018, exemplifies Helsinkis cultural strengths at their best: that culture belongs to everybody.We will be a temple of literacy and a place of learning, says Library Oodi Director Anna-Maria Soininvaara. The flagship of the Helsinki library function, Library Oodi will both serve as a traditional library and foster digital culture. Our mission is to support and to improve literacy by all means, as well as to narrow the digital divide. Well provide new channels to information, Soininvaara emphasizes.Another major addition to Helsinkis downtown cultural district, the Amos Rex art museum, will open on 30 August 2018 with digital installations by the Tokyo-based art collective teamLab. The exhibition underscores how the museum will reach out to new and young audiences.
Laitio, Executive Director of the City of Helsinki Culture and Leisure division, explains that Helsinki embraces diversity by building positive encounters. The City integrates minorities  immigrants, sexual minorities, disabled people and other  by inclusion, he says explaining how, by inclusion, everyone is able to join and feel welcome in society.
Ruuti empowers young people and makes their voices heard through several channels, says Katri Kairimo, the programme leader of Ruuti, which is the Helsinki youth public participation system. She explains how Ruuti makes young people active doers, not targets of action.
A wide range of activities provided in school premises or nearbyThe morning activities will focus on free play, games, crafts, reading, time spent together peacefully, outdoor activities and friendships. The children will be able to participate in the activities before classes start, with the schools indoor spaces and yard areas serving naturally as the premises for the activities. The activities will primarily be provided at the childs school or in its immediate vicinity, such as playgrounds. Morning activities are an important part of a functional school day For their part, morning activities support the reconciliation of the everyday life and working life of families and reduce the amount of time children spend alone in the mornings, also increasing childrens sense of safety. Participating in the activities will build friendships and support the development of positive interaction skills. Signing up for morning activities is voluntary for families and not subject to a client fee. Breakfast will not be served during the activities, but children can eat their own food. Guardians can sign their child up for the activities and notify about the end of participation via the Wilma system. The activities were developed togetherThe morning activity pilot was launched at schools in the autumn term of 2017, with roughly 2,000 children participating in the activities. Guardians and school personnel were engaged in the pilot, and the feedback received was taken into consideration in the development and establishment of the activities. The activities will continue to be monitored and developed in cooperation in the future. In their current scope, the activities are estimated to cost 300,000 per year. Helsinki is home to 87 Finnish-language and 14 Swedish-language comprehensive schools, each of which will provide morning activities starting this autumn.
"The recently opened web service Visit.alvaraalto.fi provides friends of architecture and culture with a compilation of Alvar Aalto's unique architectural landmarks and different kinds of tourist services around Finland. The website has a selection of the best Aalto architecture and high-quality tourist services, which form interesting Aalto routes around Finland. In addition to the renowned classic buildings and the lesser known architectural objects, the tourist can feast on experiences of local nature, culture and delicacies. In Helsinki, there are several Aalto objects. The selection on the website includes, among others, the Finlandia Hall, Rautatalo (""Iron house""), the Helsinki Hall of Culture, as well as Alvar Aalto's atelier and home. The website also offers a vast selection of objects in other parts of Finland. Examples of these are the famous Syntsalo Town Hall in the landscapes of Pijnne, the Muuratsalo Experimental House that was also the summer home of Alvar Aalto, and the Alvar Aalto museum, where the visitor can attend exhibitions and dive into the architect's extensive range of works and life. The routes have been planned and realised in co-operation with experts from the Alvar Aalto Foundation, tourist area guides and local entrepreneurs. The national tourist route project, co-ordinated by the Alvar Aalto Foundation, has received funding from the Ministry of Education and Culture's productisation of cultural tourism project fund. The web service is available in Finnish and English.Take a look at the serviceVisit.alvaraalto.fi"
"Binder is a new Finnish web service, which increases intercompany co-operation and helps create new business activities. In Binder, companies can find, among other things, new co-operation partners, new distribution channels, customers and sub-contractors. The cities of Helsinki, Espoo and Vantaa have also participated in the initiation and development of Binder.""Intercompany co-operation is absolutely essential in today's world and it may significantly speed up corporate growth and be a prerequisite for internationalisation. However, there were no services for this purpose and this is precisely the thing we set our sights on with Binder"", tells founder Tuomo Virkkunen.The use of the web service, available in Finnish and English, is free of charge and simple. After registration, users can browse companies in the service and add their own company to the service. If the user finds a company, whose need it wants to offer a solution to, then it is possible to use Binder to contact the company and propose co-operation. Likewise, it is possible to receive targeted suggestions to one's own company.Binder offers a diverse set of uses for different needs. The service can be useful, for example, when a company is looking for new distribution channels for its product, a large company is looking for SMEs to complement its own offerings, a company is looking for a graphic designer or a startup wants to co-operate with a certain large organisation. Using the platform, different players meet easily and all parties can benefit from it.""It is now worth adding your company, the offerings of the company and a description of the commercial need to Binder, whereupon the service can offer your company to potential clients and you can receive co-operation propositions from the other users of the service"", tells Virkkunen.The service is still being developed and the users can participate in modifying it in the desired direction.One of the companies that have already tested Binder is Holda Technologies Oy. The Espoo-based startup develops an application for the rental housing market, which brings the entire tenancy into one place both for the lessor and for the tenant. ""In March, we were at the stage where we needed pilot project partners for testing and developing the Holda Koti application. We found Binder interesting, because it combines different types of companies, says Holda CEO Vesa Robertsson. Holda did find a property investment company, which wanted to develop with an agile startup. ""The partners have an immense significance for startups. Through established companies, we can reach the real problems that impede the sector. We bring agility and renewal to the table and in exchange we get marketing drive, credibility and a network"" says Robertsson.The participating cities of Helsinki, Espoo and Vantaa will aim to open their projects and networks through Binder for better corporate visibility and find people for different kinds of development projects. At the same time, the objective is to support development and growth of the companies through investments in the platform, where the makers and needs meet.The cooperation strategy of the six largest cities in Finland, the Six City Strategy, has participated in the development of the Binder service through its key project called Open innovation platforms. The Six City Strategy is part of Finland's structural funds programme for sustainable growth and jobs 20142020.Further informationwww.binder.fi"
  The City of Helsinki invites enterprises to join a challenge competition for learning. The challenges are, how to utilize 3D city models in educational games, and how to combine game technology with a new type of innovative learning? The virtual models of the competition are the one for Kalasatama, Mustikkamaa and the Helsinki Zoo area Korkeasaari, and the virtual model of the historical MunkkiniemiHaaga plan by architect Eliel Saarinen.
The challenges, how the competition will proceed, and the technological environment were announced at the University of Helsinkis Think Corner on 28 May. The 3D models of the competition areas are supported by Unity and delivered by Umbra Composit. The winner will be able to refine their product at the Kalasatama Comprehensive School together with end users, that is, students.The KalasatamaMustikkamaaKorkeasaari 3D model is based on aerial photographs taken in the summer of 2017. It is today one of the most high-quality reality mesh 3D city models in the world. The model was first presented in the challenge competitions announcement event.
Eliel Saarinens MunkkiniemiHaaga plan from 1915 is one of the finest products of Finnish urban planning. It took almost three years at the Hvittrsk studio of the architect to build the scale model of the plan, only small parts of which were implemented. The 3D model was produced by the Helsinki 3D+ team in 2017. See the 3D model.The challenge competition is organized by the projects of the Six City Strategy (6Aika) of Finlands six largest cities focusing on smart learning environments of the future and Open Innovation Platforms, Helsinki 3D+ of the City of Helsinki, NewCo Helsinki and the Start North learning and innovation platform.Read more:Helsinki 3D city models
"According to Startup Genome's report, the City of Helsinki's startup scene is the world's most locally connected. This summer, the growth enterprise community gets a new event, the open Helsinki Startup Day, to be arranged on 29 May at the Helsinki City Hall. The event is produced by the City's enterprise service NewCo Helsinki in collaboration with Finnish Business Angel Network (FiBAN). Other partners are xEdu, Start North and the Talsinki project. The registration period for the event-filled Day runs through 22 May and more than 500 participants have already signed up.The first ever Helsinki Startup Day is a free-of-charge event, which offers an opportunity to network with startup entrepreneurs and meet investors and accelerator people, among others. Also present are key players from the Nordic countries and the Baltic region. The language of the event is English.The Day includes pitching startups, workshops, meeting places and different kinds of presentations. The workshop section is hosted by the likes of Superangel.io's Marek Kiisa, who is one of the most renowned business angels in Estonia.""According to a recent report, Helsinki's startup scene is already a world leader in local connectedness. Our objective is to be among the most exciting locations in Europe for seminal startup activities and we are already well on our way in this. Helsinki Startup Day provides startups and those interested in growth entrepreneurships with an excellent opportunity to get inspired, network and receive information"" says City of Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.Head of the City's Enterprise Services NewCo Helsinki Tommo Koivusalo believes that there is a demand for the new event.""The programme-wise super interesting, but low threshold and free-of-charge event provides entrepreneurs or prospective entrepreneurs in different stages with an excellent vantage point into growth entrepreneurship. At the same time, the event acts as a warm-up for the year-by-year growing Arctic15 event, which brings together investors and startup entrepreneurs to the Cable Factory on May 3031"", says Koivusalo.FiBAN's Pitch Finland event is arranged in connection to the Helsinki Startup Day, under the name Pitch Helsinki.Pitch Finland is the leading regular pitching event of the Nordic countries, which presents potential growers to investors. At the event, startups chosen by a selection jury present themselves to around a hundred angel investors with the aim of finding new financiers among them. Exceptionally, the event is now open to the public, offering an opportunity to learn from and enjoy the pitches of others.Before FiBAN's pitching part, Mayor Jan Vapaavuori gives his greeting.Live streamingThe Helsinki Startup Day event can also be followed through a stream at www.helsinkikanava.fi.RegistrationHelsinki Startup Day: ProgrammeHelsinki Startup Day organisersNewCo HelsinkiA part of the Helsinki City Executive Office, NewCo Helsinki's mission is to increase the number of successful companies and entrepreneurs by offering services in the Helsinki area, which support entrepreneurs both in the initial phase and in the growth phase. www.newcohelsinki.fiFiBANA national non-profit association that aims to improve the possibilities for private persons to invest in potential unlisted growth enterprises. The network is one of the biggest and most active angel investor networks in Europe with more than 650 confirmed investor member and 100 annual events. www.fiban.orgxEduEurope's leading business accelerator for edtech startups creating transformative learning solutions with pedagogical impact. xEdu creates a unique ecosystem, which is based on enterprises, schools, investors and large-scale enterprises.www.xedu.coStart NorthA network and platform for education and innovation created by young people, which helps create individual education and working life career paths agilely and effectively. www.startnorth.comThe Talsinki ProjectThe objective of the Talsinki Central Baltic Interreg project is to create co-operation between Tallinn and Helsinki in order to develop the business activities of SMEs. The Talsinki Project "
From 18 June to 12 August, health stations are open on weekdays 8-16. During this period, the Wednesday evening appointments will not be available. The Kalasatama Health Station services are open as follows: The Vuosaari Health Station services are open as follows:The Jakomki, Kivikko, and Malminkartano health stations are closed from 25 June to 29 July. During this time, clients of these health stations will be directed to other health stations as follows: The Helsinki self-treatment product distribution point will be open between 1 June and 31 August on weekdays 8-16.The centralised contraceptive advice is open through the summer. The child psychiatry team will be closed between 16 and 27 July. Most dental clinics will not offer evening appointments between 1 June and 31 August.
 The dental clinics listed below will be closed as follows: Please note! Clients of closed dental clinics who are in urgent need of care will be directed to other dental clinics.The centralised maternity and child health clinic telephone service will be open 18 June-12 August on weekdays8-13 tel. 09 3105 5530.  Thematernity and child health clinic's chat serviceis open between18 June-12 August 12-13 on weekdays.The Vuosaari Family centre is open 18 June-12 August at 8-16 on weekdays. The Itkatu Family centreis open18 June-12August at 8-16 on weekdays.The Kivikko local maternity and child health clinic is closed 25 June-12 August. During this time, the services will be organised at the Itkatu Family centre.The Jakomki, Maunula and Suutarila maternity and child health clinics will be closed between 25 June-29 July. During this time, the clients of these clinics of these clinics will be directed to other maternity and child health clinics as follows:All other maternity and child health clinics will remain open throughout the summer. Between 18 June and 12 August, clinics will handle the examinations of expectant mothers and 1-year-old or younger infants as well as other necessary examinations. The opening times of the open Maternityand Child Health Clinicsare limited as follows from18 Juneto 10 August:Lauttasaari Tuesdays 8:30-15Vallila Thursdays 8:30-15Viiskulma Mondays 8:30-10:30Itkatu Family Centre Mon-Fri 8:30-11:30Laajasalo Fridays 8:30-10:30Vuosaari Mondays 8:30-15Malmi Thursdays 8:30-10:30Oulunkyl Monday 8:30-10:30Pihlajamki Tuesdays 8:30-10:30Haaga Fridays 8:30-10:30Laakso Wednesdays 8:30-10:30Munkkiniemi Fridays 8:30-10:30Pitjnmki Thursdays 8:30-10:30
be closed in the summer as follows:TheSofianlehto Activity Centre will serve as the on-duty unit of work and day activities 9-20 July.The outpatient clinic for the intellectually disabled (Sofianlehdonkatu 8 B) will be open 25 June-3 August, MonFri8-15
The psychiatric and substance abuse special services listed below will be closed as follows:The service centres and offices listed below will be closed as follows:The service centres and offices listed below will be open as follows:Other service centres and units will be open as usual.The War Veteran Rehabilitation Office (Lkrinkatu 8, building 4) will be closed 2-29 July and the Home Services Office (Kpylntie 11, building N) will be closed 16-29 July.The
 The Senior Info telephone consultation service is intended for elderly people who live in Helsinki, and their relatives who take care of their everyday errands. From 1 June to 31 August, the Laakso office is open Mon-Fri 8-16.Phone service: Mon-Fri 9-15, tel. 09 3104 7589Maintenance phone: Mon-Fri 9-12, tel. 09 3104 6837Street address, customer service: Lkrinkatu 8 S, building 4, 1st floor, 00250 HelsinkiReturn, maintenance and delivery of aids: Lkrinkatu 8 V, building 4, ground floor, 00250 Helsinki
Postal address: PO Box 6600, 00099 City of Helsinki, Email: laakso.apuvalinepalvelut@hel.fiFrom 1 June to 31 August, the Malmi office is open Mon-Fri 8-16. Phone serviceMon-Fri 9-15, tel. 09 3104 7589Maintenance phone: Mon-Fri 9-12, tel. 09 3104 6837Street address: Talvelantie 6, building 18, door C, 00700 HelsinkiHUS Medical Imaging CentreEmergency Social Services and Crisis Emergency Supportwill be availablethroughout the summer.Emergency Social Servicestel. 020 696 006 and CrisisEmergency Supporttel. 09 3104 4222.24 h telephone health service - tel. 09 3101 0023Thetelephone health service provides information about health services in Helsinki as well as treatment instructions for illnesses.  In life-threatening emergenciescall 112.
"The international Cities in Motion Index (CIMI) carried out by IESE Business School ranked Helsinki 22nd overall in the index, which comprises 165 cities. Helsinki kept its top spot in the social cohesion category, where Bern and Berlin came second and third respectively. Helsinki improved its overall ranking by seven places from last year and nine places from 2015, which was used as the reference year for the index.First published in 2013, the CIMI index measures the cities in nine different categories, which are governance, urban planning, technology, environment, international outreach, social cohesion, mobility and transportation, human capital and economy. Helsinki's improved ranking was especially due to positive results in the categories of economy, social cohesion and human capital. Helsinki climbed remarkably in the environment category as well, from 29th to 12th place.""Helsinki is a fine city. And it wants to be even finer in the future. This index is another expression of how Helsinki has managed to take leaps forward in a short period of time"", says Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.Among the top 50 cities, Helsinki was the city that improved its ranking the most, along with Barcelona and Milan. Of the other Nordic capitals ranked above Helsinki Reykjavik was 5th, Copenhagen 13th and Stockholm 16th. Oslo was 23rd, just below Helsinki. New York, London and Paris were at the top of the overall index.The comparison included 165 cities from 80 countries. Out of these, 74 were capital cities.Compared to last year's index, Helsinki's ranking improved or remained unchanged in all other categories, except technology, urban planning and mobility and transportation. overall ranking: 22nd (last year 29th) social cohesion: 1st (last year 1st) governance: 6th (last year 10th) environment: 12th (last year 29th) economy: 32nd (last year 42nd) international outreach: 50th (last year 63rd) technology: 55th (last year 52nd) human capital: 57th (last year 62nd) urban planning: 61st (last year 33rd) mobility and transportation: 67th (last year 28th)Further informationIESE Cities in Motion IndexIESE Insight"
  What is the average rent for dwellings in Helsinki, and how much has it changed over the last few years? And how many dwellings were there built in Helsinki last year  or, for example, in 2000? Answers to such questions will be found on Helsinki Citys new website about housing and construction  which is launched today on the address asuminenhelsingissa.fi .
The website presents fresh statistics and research on  among other topics  housing production in Helsinki. The figures show that construction in Helsinki is at present at a historic level  higher than ever in the 2000s. More detailed data on households and the housing stock are grouped according to type of dwelling and type of building.Statistics on housing and construction updated
Figures on dwelling prices and rents, too, in Helsinki are available on asuminenhelsingissa.fi, and updated four times a year. Furthermore, there are chapters of their own on housing stock and inhabitant structure in Helsinki Citys so-called ARA council housing, and for households grouped by type, tenure status and housing space.The website now brings together several sources that were earlier scattered over the web pages of the City of Helsinki, and it presents a list of the research reports produced by the city on housing and construction.The website is only available in Finnish at the moment.For details: http://asuminenhelsingissa.fi/
"The suspense at the Ultrahack hackathon event at 1 pm was palpable. It was finally revealed to the application developers, who had been working hard since Friday, which of them would get to stand up on stage and accept the 3 000 euro award.The challenge presented by Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Tampere was solved by, all in all, nine different teams. The assignment concerned a new kind of digital service that would make the thousands of yearly events organised by the Cities more attractive for their visitors.""We want to help the event visitors tailor the best possible event experience for themselves"", said the City's Event Expert Pivi Munther, who had been challenging and encouraging the participants during the weekend.The tension was broken by team X Event being announced as the winning team. Olli Savisaari, who presented the team's application, urged the audience to remember the Saturday during last summer's Flow Festival when a storm interrupted the show for hours. The application by X Event guarantees a functioning, fast two-way communication channel between the audience and the event organiser even in exceptional situations. The application can be used not only to communicate, but also to engage the event guests in pre-planning the event. For example, a chat discussion may appear on the screen with a question about the attendees' favourite food option for the event. ""The visitors can answer the organisers' questions by clicking just once and thus enhance their own event experience"", Savisaari said.Savisaari also presented how the chat immediately  quicker than lightning  gives instructions on how to reach the event venue. ""This is not some mock-up model but a real chatbot, built by us this weekend.""The explanation for the quick response is that the routine questions are answered by artificial intelligence. The chat queries are forwarded to a real person only when the artificial intelligence is unable to respond. Kari Pesonen, City of Helsinki Project Manager and jury member, is amazed by how much the teams were able to accomplish in just a weekend. Many of the teams that solved the event challenge based their solutions on existing applications. For example, team Messis that gathered information about different events in one place, already has a finished web service, messis.fi., while team PenguinUp's car pooling service is piloted this summer at the Hallifornia festival in Sweden, expected to host around 40 000 visitors. The solution by team X Event, however, was built pretty much from scratch during the weekend. ""There are not really any existing applications which harness artificial intelligence like this"", Pesonen said and thanked the resourcefulness of the team.Team X Event's application stood out from the other competitors' entries with its elegant simplicity. For the user, the chat function is an easy way to contact the organiser, and there is no need to install any separate event applications for it to work. Team X Event also convinced the jury with their knowledge. Except for the cash prize, the winning team can also look forward to cooperation negotiations with the Cities that came up with the challenge. During the coming years, attendees of city events in Helsinki could be advised by a chatting artificial intelligence application.Text: Petja PartanenFurther reading:Ultrahack hackathonPress release (In Finnish)Video by Petja Partanen"
The Helsinki Central Library Oodi, which is to be opened in December 2018, is an open meeting place at Kansalaistori, right in the heart of Helsinki. Oodi is expected to draw 2.5 million visitors annually.Helsinkis new Central Library Oodi will complement the Tlnlahti cultural and media hub formed by Helsinki Music Centre, Finlandia Hall, Sanoma House and the Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma. The library serves visitors from early morning to late evening seven days a week. Oodi will have three floors, each with its own atmosphere. The street level is a fast-paced and changeable space with an open lobby for various events, halls, library information point, book return, and a caf. The second floor will include studios, game rooms, work and meeting space, an urban workshop, and facilities for courses and interaction. The third floor resembles a traditional library the most. It will be a place to relax and unwind with its books, reading oases and cafs. You can admire the Tlnlahti park and the city centre from the Citizens Balcony, opening towards the Parliament House.The Venice International Architecture Exhibition has become the most respected stage for architecture internationally: the 2016 exhibition drew over 250,000 visitors. The Finnish section responds to the Architecture Exhibitions theme this year, Freespace, by converting the Aalto Pavilion into a temporary library space. It is wonderful that Oodi is included in the Venice International Architecture Exhibition. It is a way of telling the world about the new library, as well as the Finnish library institution, says Anna-Maria Soininvaara, Director of Oodi. Finnish construction, including wood and energy-efficiency, is an area of interest even abroad, Soininvaara continues.The exhibition opens to the public on 26 May, and will remain open for six months.Read moreHelmet
"The Market Square in Helsinki is a popular market place, lively port for water-borne traffic and one of the most famous attractions in Helsinki. In the future, Helsingin Leijona Oy will be in charge of the short-term development of the area. The company has previously led the conceptualisation of the Tori Quarters.""The Market Square is a centre of urban city life and the heart of maritime Helsinki, whose potential has not yet been fully realised. Previous attempts to improve the Market Square entity have not resulted in the desired outcome. Now the objective is to lay aside the comprehensive plan, take a more pragmatic approach and systematically look for and implement smaller improvements to the image and functionality of the Market Square"", says Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.According to the Helsinki City Strategy, the waterfront between the Olympia Terminal and the Market Square is developed into a functional whole supporting the vitality of the city centre. The area with its buildings has been established as a cultural environment of national importance. ""The planning of the Market Square is associated with the wider development work on the City centre and the South Harbour. According to previous reports on the Market Square, it is sensible to concentrate the development work to one player. I believe that, for example, the Market Square visitors' connection to the sea shore and their experience of the sea can be improved"", says Helsinki Deputy Mayor Anni Sinnemki.There are currently several ongoing projects connected to the development of the Market Square and its neighbouring areas. Considering the extent and diversity of the area, it is best to take it one step at a time. The development work is continuous and the work is concretised with trials, events and marketing communications. The responsibility for the measures implemented in the shorter term is concentrated to the property development company Helsingin Leijona Oy, owned in its entirety by the City. The expansion of its field of operations is a natural continuum from the development of the Tori Quarters towards the Market Square. The first concrete deeds are expected as early as this year. The long-term vision for the wider area entity, mentioned in the City Strategy, will be created together with this work."
"The Market Square in Helsinki is a popular market place, lively port for water-borne traffic and one of the most famous attractions in Helsinki. In the future, Helsingin Leijona Oy will be in charge of the short-term development of the area. The company has previously led the conceptualisation of the Tori Quarters.""The Market Square is a centre of urban city life and the heart of maritime Helsinki, whose potential has not yet been fully realised. Previous attempts to improve the Market Square entity have not resulted in the desired outcome. Now the objective is to lay aside the comprehensive plan, take a more pragmatic approach and systematically look for and implement smaller improvements to the image and functionality of the Market Square"", says Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori.According to the Helsinki City Strategy, the waterfront between the Olympia Terminal and the Market Square is developed into a functional whole supporting the vitality of the city centre. The area with its buildings has been established as a cultural environment of national importance. ""The planning of the Market Square is associated with the wider development work on the City centre and the South Harbour. According to previous reports on the Market Square, it is sensible to concentrate the development work to one player. I believe that, for example, the Market Square visitors' connection to the sea shore and their experience of the sea can be improved"", says Helsinki Deputy Mayor Anni Sinnemki.There are currently several ongoing projects connected to the development of the Market Square and its neighbouring areas. Considering the extent and diversity of the area, it is best to take it one step at a time. The development work is continuous and the work is concretised with trials, events and marketing communications. The responsibility for the measures implemented in the shorter term is concentrated to the property development company Helsingin Leijona Oy, owned in its entirety by the City. The expansion of its field of operations is a natural continuum from the development of the Tori Quarters towards the Market Square. The first concrete deeds are expected as early as this year. The long-term vision for the wider area entity, mentioned in the City Strategy, will be created together with this work."
  festival  is in its seventh edition this year and highlights all thats new and exciting in the Helsinki city centre. Larger than the previous editions, the flower artworks exhibition is seen at 21 sites including the House of Parliament and the Kaisaniemi Botanic Garden. The Tour de Terrace happening opens the citys outdoor restaurant and bar season. The Night of Shops and the Family Day including workshops invite people to the city centre. All Lovely Helsinki programme items are free of charge. Happenings held at museums are included in the museum ticket price.This annual city festival promotes a dynamic and versatile downtown Helsinki for both residents and visitors. The festival is joined by nearly 80 Helsinki city centre actors, including downtown shopping centres, boutiques, hotels, cafs, restaurants and museums.
  and created by florist Tanja Lhdeaho. Reflecting the Finnish summer, the artwork consists of columns, cut flowers and potted plants.The Kaisaniemi Botanic Gardens glass pavilion displays a work by Minna Uusi-Simola, in which a new life and meaning are given to whats left of plants. Rubbish
& flowers by Henrik Enbom and Isa Kukkapuro is created in the spirit of trash design and displayed at the inner courtyard of Hotel Fabian.The Kaivopiha plaza is decorated to honour the 150-year-old Student Union of the University of Helsinki, and the Stockmann department store displays a work by florist Hanna Piippo consisting of thousands of flowers.
The City Halls inner courtyard hosts the Tori Quarters central park, the worlds smallest central park, which is planted by citizens. Everybody is welcome to join the planting, which takes place on Thursday, 24 May, from 1518.
The competition to decorate the Esplanade light poles with flowers is included again in the festival programme. The decoration is done by flower professionals, and the winners are selected by the public. The works are created from 914 on Thursday, 24 May, and voting continues to Sunday night, 27 May.The flower art exhibition opens on Thursday, 24 May, and continues to 27 May. Some of the works will be on display throughout the summer.Friday evening, 25 May, is the Night of Shops. City centre boutiques and shops organize special programmes and give discounts on products and other benefits. The informal and jolly Tour de Terrace happening is the official opening of the citys outdoor restaurant and bar season.The Family Day on Saturday, 26 May, includes kids workshops and other programme for families in the Esplanade Park. There will be workshops at Ateneum Art Museum and Design Museum, guided tours at the Botanic Garden, and an urban gardening happening in the open space between the Museum of Finnish Architecture and Design Museum.See the festival progamme at www.ihanahelsinki.fi (in Finnish only) 
  The Helsinki City Council discussed a new report on a programme for housing and related land use at the Council meeting of 16 May 2018. The programme was approved by the City Council in June 2016. The progress of the programme and changes in the programmes operating environment are reported to the City Council annually.The population of Helsinki grew by 8,091 in 2017, that is, by 1.3 percent. The volume of residential construction has grown at a record rate.Housing prices have gone up faster in the most expensive areas of the city than in other areas, so the gap in prices between those areas and other areas has widened.A total of 4,890 new homes were completed in Helsinki last year, 91 percent of which are in multi-story buildings. 23 percent of the new homes are ARA rental homes. The Citys own residential production completed 838 homes. To reach the goal of 6,000 new homes per year, it is estimated that 8,500 homes should be under construction at all times.The main detailed plans that took effect in 2017 cover the northern part of Verkkosaari in Kalasatama, the area of the Koskela hospital and laundry, the railway yard blocks in Central Pasila and a section of Fallkulla.Helsinki
Home town Helsnki brochure (PDF)The City Council also decided to alter the detailed plan for Ruoholahti, which makes it possible for the Cable Factory cultural centre to build the proposed Dance House Helsinki at the Cable Factory site. The alteration is coupled with a new transport and traffic plan, which takes the Cable Factorys maintenance vehicles mainly through the streets surrounding the Cable Factory and through the northern section of the adjoining Kaapelipuisto park.The City Council also decided to change the detailed plan for the Kulosaari shopping centre. The shopping centre will be demolished and replaced with street-level commercial spaces and three apartment buildings on top of the commercial spaces. The goal is to retain the main commercial services and to produce new housing in the immediate vicinity of the local metro station.The Helsinki City Council meeting is available on demand on the City of Helsinki web channel Helsinki-kanava, which also publishes related materials.
A new public sculpture will be unveiled in Kalasatama. Sculptor Riikka Puronens seven-metre-tallCompass and Starswill be landmark in the Toukola Waterfront Park located between the Kylsaarenkuja and Roomankatu streets and the sea.Compass and Starswill be unveiled onThursday, 24 May, at 16:00. The public unveiling will be done by HAM director Maija Tanninen-Mattila, with the artist in attendance. TAccording to Puronen, two different worldviews meet in her piece: the compass represents a mathematical view of the world where things can be measured and verified, while the two objects balancing on the central axis of the compass are containers for something mystical and unnameable.Puronen is known for her original visual style and skilled juxtaposition of materials. Compass and Stars is made from coloured and gilded steel and aluminium using electrochemical methods of metalworking. The large size of the sculpture was inspired by the surrounding open park area.Riikka Puronens (b. 1968 in Loviisa) commissioned works can be seen in several locations in Helsinki, including inside an office building owned by Senate Properties and outside the Myllypuro metro station. Compass and Stars is the fourth public work of art to be installed under the environmental art project for the new Kalasatama district.
"Services to help event visitors are coded at Ultrahack.The weekend-long Ultrahack hackathon event starts on Friday 18 May in Viikki in Helsinki. One challenge is to code new kinds of digital solutions, which simplify the life and movement of city event participants. What is the easiest way to get to the summer's city festivals? When purchasing tickets, would it be possible to reserve other services as well and get information about other ongoing festivals and events in the city? Answers to questions such as this are provided by the application developers of the coding event arranged on 1820 May. The event is arranged in the premises of Airo Island in Viikki in Helsinki. The digital services created during the weekend are presented to a jury at the end of the hackathon on Sunday. The Event Tech & Mobility Hack challenge presented jointly by the cities of Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Tampere was met with a rush. The challenge received project proposals from a total of 69 different teams. The screening was strict, as only 12 teams were eventually chosen to solve the challenge.The most important selection criterion was simple.""We looked at how the competition entries described in the applications measure up with the assignment and Helsinki's digital guidance needs"", says jury member, City of Helsinki Project Manager Kari Pesonen. The jury also estimated whether the team possessed sufficient know-how for solving the problem, what kind of technologies it was going to use and if the solution had business potential to help the service take off. According to Pesonen, groundwork for the hackathon has been done at the city for months: the problematics and needs of city events have been established and some preliminary solutions have been contemplated.As a hackathon partner, Helsinki wants to develop new kinds of digital services in order to make the 2,000 annual events of the city even more attractive to their visitors.""We want to help the event visitors tailor the best possible event experience for themselves"", tells the City's Event Expert Pivi Munther, who challenges and encourages the participants during the weekend.Read more:Ultrahack hackathon"
"The Audit Committee processed in its 2017 Annual Assessment Report, for example, homelessness, end-of-life care, realisation of building projects and control and supervision of procurements. The Audit Committee noted that while long-term homelessness has decreased, homelessness as a phenomenon has grown and changed its form over the ten-year reference period. Homelessness has grown especially among young people and immigrants. About two thirds of the homeless are ""hidden home-less"", who live temporarily with friends or relatives. The total number of homeless in Helsinki is over 3,500.The housing counselling activities have had a significant reducing effect on the number of evictions. The Audit Committee finds that the sufficiency of housing counselling activities must be ensured. The Com-mittee also discovered that the divisions' joint plan for reducing homelessness, as mentioned in the strat-egy programme 20132016, had not been drafted and that there was no housing rehabilitation pro-gramme for psychiatric services and substance abuse services either.When assessing the end-of-life care, the Committee noted that the end-of-life care is of high quality es-pecially on the demanding special level (HUH) and on the special level at Suursuo hospital and home hos-pital. However, on the basic level the know-how and prerequisites still vary. The end-of-life care exper-tise of the doctors and nurses and their co-operation with patients and relatives should be developed in home care, service housing units, service housing and facilities.The Committee also assessed the realisation of building projects. In the assessment, it was discovered that the costs of the building projects rarely exceed the estimates. Prolonged schedules was a more common problem. The costs and schedules could be better controlled by investing more in the planning phase.The assessment of the procurements included a survey, which revealed that higher level supervisors were generally more confident than lower level supervisors that the ethical principles are adhered to in the procurements. The supervisor trainings should highlight internal control as a topic and make ethical principles a part of the procurement trainings. The Audit Committee finds it important that the employ-ees enjoy a safe atmosphere for bringing up suspected malpractice.Annual Assessment Report processed by the City Council on 20 June.According to the Local Government Act, the Audit Committee is an organ that reports directly to the City Council and whose task is to assess the extent to which the goals set by the City Council have been ful-filled. The Audit Committee approved the 2017 Annual Assessment Report on 10 April 2018 and it will be processed by the City Council on 20 June 2018. The Annual Assessment Report contains 17 topics in total, as well as 45 recommendations. The 2017 Annual Assessment Report can be read in Finnish at: www.arviointikertomus.fi. "
  Young people of Helsinki join their forces by creating a youth event in the heart of Helsinki to be held in late June. The NuoriEspa (Young Esplanade) event will feature performers on the Espa Stage and around the Esplanade Park from 2730 June.This new event has been produced by tens of young people throughout Helsinki. Participation in the event gives young people good opportunities to develop and to display their skills. The production is supported by the events unit of the City of Helsinki Youth Services and young summer workers of the Arabia Youth Centre. The Youth Eco-Caf run by young people of Eastern Helsinki will create a new hit product for the event, and young performers take the stage in the city centre.The participants and audiences will be entertained by bands of the Loistefestari cultural festival for young people and Arabia Music House. Important everyday skills can be learned from the Marthas on hand  members of the Martha home economics organization. The NuoriEspa event coincides with the Helsinki Pride LGBT festival, and the Espa Stage will celebrate the festival with the colours of the rainbow.The NuoriEspa event is organized by the events unit of the City of Helsinki Youth Services together with Savoy Theatre, Cultural Arena Gloria, the Arabia Youth Centre, Youth Eco-Caf, the Martha Organization and performers of the Loistefestari cultural festival.
  The City of Helsinki services have been plagued by data communications disturbance since yesterday evening. Now the system is starting to come back online. The problem has affected the City's services widely.
The services of the City have been held up by a data communications disturbance, which has had a wide-ranging impact on the City's services and activities. The disturbance situation emerged yesterday evening as a result of change works made on a fibre cable. Elisa estimates that the data connections can be restored to normal during this afternoon. This also makes it possible to restore the services of the City to normal, says temp. head of the Information and Communication Technology unit Markku
Raitio at the Helsinki City Executive Office.The fibre cable change works, which Elisa started on Tuesday 15 May at 08:00 PM, has caused wide-ranging disturbances in the City of Helsinki's services. The change works on the fibre cable was related to the change works on the metro. The call-back service of health stations, dental care, maternity and child health clinics as well as Senior info is now working. Health stations will contact those patients whose appointments were cancelled or who have called us today. Please, dont call us again about the same matter. Dental care will contact those patients which did not get treatment today or a new appointment for follow-up treatment. Maternity and child health care clinics will contact clients whose appointments were cancelled today. Furthermore, the Senior info will be contacting all persons who have called them today.The health care information tel. 09 310 10023 is taking telephone calls but the lines may be busy.
automated bus service in Helsinki.A self-driving electric minibus supplied by NAVYA to the Helsinki RobobusLine accepted the first passengers on board on May 14, 2018, launching scheduled service in regular traffic on roads in the Kivikko district of Helsinki. The RobobusLine project prepares for commercially viable automated bus operation in Helsinki projected to start in three years time.The Helsinki RobobusLines minibus will operate for six months over the summer and fall of 2018. It runs 36 times an hour between 9 AM and 3 PM on weekdays, carrying passengers from a stop of a regular Helsinki bus line to a sports park.Helsinki RobobusLine complements the network of Helsinkis metropolitan public transit authority Helsinki Region Transport (HSL). Its line number is 94R (R for Robot), destination Kivikko Sports Park. Line 94R is incorporated into the Helsinki Region Transports Journey Planner.The top speed on the route is 18 km/h, slightly below the minibuss maximum speed of 25 km/h. Initially there will be an operator on board.The Helsinki RobobusLine project studies the long-term usability and the maturity of the automated minibus technology in real traffic conditions and as part of public transit services, says the Helsinki RobobusLine project leader Eetu
Rutanen of Metropolia University of Applied Sciences, which operates the bus and conducts the project with support from the City of Helsinki and the European Union.One of the main goals of the project is to provide an innovation platform for enterprises to produce a consortium who can develop automated bus operation into a commercially viable option for Helsinki Region Transport in the last-mile service  taking riders from a public transit station to stops near their homes and offices, Rutanen continues.Typically the last-mile routes cannot be operated viably with conventional buses but could become commercially feasible with driverless buses.We study user behavior, for example, how likely people are to opt for public transit rather than drive when there is a public transit option available for the last mile, Rutanen explains. Lengthy distances to public transit stations are often the reason for opting for a private car.The Helsinki RobobusLine project is one of the smart mobility projects in Helsinki designed to reduce carbon dioxide emissions from transportation with electric vehicles and increased use of sustainable public transportation. The City of Helsinki has announced a plan to become carbon neutral by 2035. Helsinki Region Transport plans to give up fossil fuels by 2021.Helsinki RobobusLine follows Metropolias Sohjoa project, which has tested two self-driving EasyMile EZ10 electric minibuses in public places in Helsinki and other Finnish cities over the past two years. The Sohjoa project will be closed in late May 2018, after final test runs at the Suvilahti cultural center in Helsinki.The launch of Helsinki RobobusLine marks a shift from an experimental phase to regular operation with self-driving minibuses. RobobusLine is the first long-range project in Finland to operate an automated electric minibus on a fixed route.The Robobus vehicle from NAVYA of France represents the latest generation of automated electric minibuses. Its guidance and detection systems combine data from Lidar sensors, cameras, GPS RTK, IMU and odometry, which are merged and interpreted by deep learning programs.The Helsinki RobobusLine project is supported by the EU-funded mySMARTLife project, in which Helsinki develops smart commercial-scale solutions with other European cities to cut urban carbon dioxide emissions, focusing on transportation and housing.See a video on the preparation of Robobus for traffic (bus coating design and video by Atte Linna)RobobusLine in Journey PlannerRead
  Helsinki tram tracks will be maintained over the summer months extending to the autumn. Some switch areas will acquire new deep-grooved rail switches, which will reduce track noise.
The summer track work consists of basic maintenance operations: replacement of rails and switches. Maintenance work will be conducted on Mechelininkatu and in the vicinity of the MannerheimintieNordenskildinkatu junction, among other locations. Track maintenance sites will number 25, and the total length of rails replaced will be 2 kilometres.
Some of the summer track maintenance will reroute tram lines. Route changes will be announced by Helsinki Region Transport HSL (see hsl.fi).Track maintenance is carried out by Helsinki City Transport.The track work includes replacement of three switches with so-called deep-grooved rail switches. The new switches will be installed at the junction of Itmerenkatu and Lnsisatamankatu as well as at the City Hall on Pohjoisesplanadi. The switches constitute a pilot used to gather experiences of the benefits of the new type of switch. Helsinki City Transport has in the past installed a few deep-grooved rail switches, and the new switches expand the experiment further.Deep-grooved rail switches are aimed at reducing track noise and vibration produced by trams as they cross switches. The new switches enable trams to raise speeds: deep-grooved rail switches allow switches to be crossed at higher speeds than earlier.
Track noise will also be reduced with the help of a rail oiling device to be installed at the Kuusitie terminal stop in August.The service life of rails depends on the section of tracks. Rails may last for 30 years on a straight track section, but at curves they last for a considerably shorter time the maximum rail service life at curves is 15 years.The service life of switches is affected by many factors including traffic volumes: busy track sections wear rails fastest, and the rails have to be replaced at a few years intervals. Rails in less busy sections may last for up to 25 years.Helsinki City Transport conducts track work with minimum disturbance to the tram and other traffic. As possible, track work is also conducted at nighttime with certain restrictions. General regulations in Helsinki restrict noisy night work to two nights per week. As possible, track work is scheduled to coincide with other municipal infrastructure projects such as work with water mains and water service lines, the sewage system and the district heating network.Read more:Summer
A new solar wall consisting of 84 panels has been installed at the Suvilahti substation in Helsinki to test the yield of wall panels. The production of a traditional roof power plant is at its highest in the summer, whereas the best time of the year for wall installations to collect solar rays is in the spring and autumn.Helens solar power plant located in Suvilahti in Helsinki was extended by a new wall-mounted test power plant. The solar wall is integrated directly in the substation building so that the old brick wall of the building was dismantled and the new wall surface is formed by the solar panels.-We want to promote wider use of integrated solar panel installations. In this project, we also test the actual yield of wall installations. For the time being, there is still a limited number of wall installations, and therefore many yield estimates are based on modelling only, says Helens Project Manager Krista Jaatinen.According to Krista Jaatinen, the test environment is interesting because the conditions at both of Helens Suvilahti power plants are obviously the same, but the installation method is different. The production of the solar power plant located on the roof of the substation is at its highest in the summer, whereas the maximum production time for the wall-mounted panels is spring and autumn when the sun shines at a lower angle.-We will now be able to see in the test environment how great the production differences really are in different seasons. There may be differences especially in the winter when the panels on the roof are covered with snow, but the wall-mounted panels stay clear of snow, Jaatinen points out.Read more:Helen
The Helsinki City Hall's main lobby is being developed into common premises for visitors and City personnel alike, where it is possible to participate in the development of the City. The renewal work starts on 24 September and the inauguration is held in the beginning of 2019. Now the renewal has reached a stage where the first plans are open for commentary. The ideas are on display in the main lobby from 14 to 18 May, 9:00AM7:00PM, when comments can be left to the attending presenters. (Exception: the main lobby is closed on Tuesday 15 May, 11:00AM3:00PM.)The current lobby plans were created as a result of the workshops held at the City Hall on 18 and 24 April. The new content of the main lobby was drawn up with personnel of the City Executive Office and the Divisions and with residents and interest groups. In the future, the City Hall's new main lobby will be a platform for the development of Helsinki and make the thought of the most functional city in the world perceptible in an experiential way. The new entity will cover the main lobby, including the meeting premises, and a customer journey to the banquet room on the second floor.The service design partner of the project is Kuudes Helsinki. The architectural planning and interior design of the main lobby will also start in May with Verstas Arkkitehdit and Suunnittelutoimisto Koko3 in charge.Background informationThe interior of the Helsinki City Hall was extensively refurbished according to architect Aarno Ruusuvuori's competition-winning plan in 19651970. Ruusuvuori also planned the second rebuilding of the quarter in the 1980s. The City Hall and the main lobby with its monumental stair halls and grandiose artworks is a notable work in modern Finnish architecture. The architectural values and conservation aspects will be acknowledged in the change works.Further informationDirector, Strategic Projects Sanna-Mari Jntti, Helsinki City Executive Office, e-mail: sanna-mari.jantti(at)hel.fiCity Design Manager Pivi Hietanen, Helsinki City Executive Office, e-mail: paivi.hietanen(at)hel.fi
"Tram 4 will not run between Tl and Munkkiniemi from Monday 14 May to 3 June due to street works on Tukholmankatu.The tram 4 will run between Katajanokka and Pikku Huopalahti. Bus 4X will replace the tram between the Opera and Munkkiniemi. The departure and end stop of the tram will be the Tl Sports Hall stop on Mannerheimintie. The best place for changing from tram to bus 4X is by the Opera. Buses to Munkkiniemi will leave from stop H1332 along Runeberginkatu (in the direction of Tlntori).The tram will not serve the following stops: ""Tln tulli"" (on Tukholmankatu), ""Meilahden sairaala"", ""Meilahdentie"", ""Paciuksenkaari"", ""Munkkiniemen puistotie"", ""Laajalahden aukio"", ""Tiilimki"", ""Saunalahdentie"".Replacement bus 4X will run along the route of tram 4, with the exception that in the direction of Munkkiniemi, the bus will run along Runeberginkatu, Topeliuksenkatu and Haartmaninkatu to Tukholmankatu. In addition, the bus will mainly serve bus stops along the route, not tram stops.Tram tickets are accepted on the replacement bus and you can also board the bus through the middle doors.There are also several regular bus routes serving Munkkiniemi. For example, buses 14, 18 and 39 run via Meilahti and Tl to Kamppi, buses 58 and 551 run via Meilahti in the direction of Pasila and buses 206, 212 and 213 run via Meilahti to Kamppi along Mannerheimitie."
  Enjoy the maritime Helsinki and take a trip to the citys archipelago on Water Transport Day, 19 May! The day marks the beginning of the water transport season in summer Helsinki. The theme day will be celebrated with special water transport offers and half price tickets.The majority of water transport service providers launch the seasons water bus services to islands in early May. The archipelago and the outdoors offered by it are within reach by every Helsinki resident and visitor. The Helsinki archipelago consists of about 300 islands, some of which can be reached throughout the year and some others during the summer season by water bus.
Read more about the Helsinki islands and their services at https://www.hel.fi/helsinki/en/culture/recreation/islands/The Helsinki Zoo water buses take passengers to the zoo for half the regular price on Water Transport Day, 19 May. Visitors arriving by water bus are offered two zoo tickets for the price of one. Water buses to the zoo depart from the Market Square and traffic from Hakaniemi starts June 1st. Read more about Helsinki Zoo at https://www.korkeasaari.fi/helsinki-zoo/Get to know eastern Helsinki from the sea! Jump on board a water bus at Hakaniemi and head towards Vuosaari. The two-hour archipelago tour takes you to Herttoniemi, Laajasalo, Vartiosaari, Kivisaari, Satamasaari, Iiluoto and Leikosaari. You can hop off at any stop or enjoy the whole ride from the city centre to eastern Helsinki. Find timetables and fares at http://www.suomensaaristokuljetus.fi/frontpage/ (note that the timetables and fare information are in Finnish).
Isosaari is a fortress island with structures built more than a hundred years ago. The island is only a half hour away from the Market Square. The island has good services including a restaurant, two beaches, saunas, picnic sites, a golf course and versatile nature. The shores of Isosaari are some of the favourite places of seals and sea eagles. Find timetables and fares at http://www.suomensaaristokuljetus.fi/isosaari/ (in Finnish)Pihlajasaari, located about 10 minutes away from the Merisatama harbour, consists of two islands, the western island and the eastern island, which are connected by a pedestrian bridge. The western island is marked by old villas and hosts many services including a restaurant, a kiosk, saunas and covered cooking areas. Camping is allowed on the eastern island on weekends. The islands large sand and rocky beaches and good hiking paths offer magnificent outdoor opportunities. The eastern island also has a nudist beach. See timetables and fares at https://www.jt-line.fi/eng/
You can go island hopping on three islands: Vallisaari, Suomenlinna and Lonna. You can hop off and back on as you wish with one ticket. Island Hopping tickets are sold for half price on the Water Transport Day. See timetables and fares at https://www.jt-line.fi/eng/Uunisaari is an island at the Kaivopuisto park. Water buses from Kaivopuisto to the island are free on the Water Transport Day. Welcome to enjoy the Uunisaari nature, sand beaches and restaurant! Read more at http://www.uunisaari.fi/home
 Helsinki has been named Finlands top domestic destination, offering the ideal holiday for visitors who want to spend a day or stay overnight in the nations capital. An increasing number of locals also prefer to stay in town during their holidays. The MyHelsinki website offers regularly updated tips by locals about how to experience their hometown.The summer action begins already in May with two big urban events Restaurant Dayon Saturday 19 May and Cleaning Day on Saturday 26 May  inviting anyone who wants to set up their own pop-up restaurant or flea market. The Cirko Festival will entertain families with new circus performances at Suvilahti from Tuesday 15 May to Sunday 20 May. The World Village Festival in turn will attract thousands of people to enjoy the carnival atmosphere on Helsinki Railway Square and in Kaisaniemi Park on the last weekend of the month.Helsinki celebrates its birthday each year on 12 June with hundreds of activities and events. In the middle of June you also have the chance to taste the very best that Helsinki has to offer at the Taste of Helsinki gourmet festival.
The summers music events kick off with the Sideways music and arts festival, which takes place from Friday 8 June to Sunday 10 June in a new location at Nordis by the Helsinki Ice Hall. Tens of thousands of festival-goers will flock to Suvilahti for the Tuska Open Air Metal Festival from Friday 29 June to Sunday 1 July and the Flow Festival from Friday 10 August to Sunday 12 August. The Helsinki Festival in turn will be marking its 50th anniversary this year from Friday 17 August to Sunday 2 September.Outside the city centre, many interesting events take place throughout the year in Helsinkis unique districts. The Hanami Festival takes place among the cherry trees in Roihuvuori on Saturday 19 May, followed by the Kumpula
Village Party on Saturday 26 May. The legendary outdoor swimming pool and diving platform in Kumpula opens for the summer season already on Sunday 13 May.
The Arabia Street Festival takes place at the start of the summer on Saturday 19 May, offering dance, circus and music performances in the artsy Arabianranta district. The biggest neighbourhood event of them all is the Kallio Block Party, which is being organised by locals for the 8th year in a row and will take place on Saturday 4 August. At the end of the summer, you can check out the Herttoniemi Block Party, which takes place on Saturday 25 August.Most island ferries and waterbuses begin operating on at the start of May, making it easy to get to Helsinkis wonderful archipelago destinations. The popular recreational island of Pihlajasaari is perfect for sunbathing and even camping, and you can get there from Ruoholahti in just ten minutes.From the Market Square you can get to popular island destinations like Suomenlinna, as well as to the recently opened recreational islands of Isosaari and Vallisaari. On the latter you will be able to try archery and yoga this summer. Helsinki Zoo on the island of Korkeasaari offers lots of fun activities throughout the summer, and you can get there by ferry from the Market Square and also from Hakaniemi beginning in June.Naturally, the archipelago is easy to explore if you have your own boat. Helsinki region has hundreds of guest berths along the shoreline and islands.City
bikes are a great way to explore the city, also with the kids. The system is easy to use, and city bike stations can be found throughout the city. The city bike network extends this year for the first time also to the neighbouring municipality of Espoo.
Summer is the perfect time to discover Helsinkis thriving urban sauna culture. On the recreational island of Lonna you can enjoy a hot sauna while admiring the views out to sea. The Allas Sea Pool offers not only saunas, but also outdoor swimming pools by the Market Square in the city centre. Lyly is a sauna complex with a breathtaking design where you can enjoy a sauna and a dip in the sea before relaxing on the expansive terraces that hang out over the water. You can also enjoy a swim at one of Helsinkis many public beaches, including the ever-popular Hietaranta and the newer Aurinkolahti. The most famous outdoor swimming pool of them all, the Swimming Stadium from the 1952 Summer Olympics, opens for the season on Sunday 27 May.The classic Linnanmki Amusement Parkcelebratestill Sunday 13 May with a circus carnival. Throughout the summer the iconic amusement park will offer numerous concerts and other family events alongside all the rides.Helsinki offers a unique skateboarding network, including around twenty skateparks scattered throughout the city. You can also experience the street culture by admiring all the murals and high-quality graffiti art, not only around town but also at the Graffiti exhibition currently running at the Helsinki Art
Museum HAM.Read more about accommodation and restaurants from Helsinki Marketing's press release(.pdf)MyHelsinki
Between 2012 and 2016, Helsinkis population grew by almost 39,800 inhabitants. The increase came from positive net migration based on in-migration from both abroad (surplus 1,817 in 2016) and other parts of Finland than the Uusimaa province (5,419). Although quite a few move from Helsinki to the other municipalities in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, there is now also more migration from other parts of Finland to Helsinki than earlier in the 2000s. These figures are drawn from a recent statistics publication from Helsinki City Executive Office.The intensity of migration is illustrated by the fact that the number of Helsinki residents with another mother tongue than Finnish, Swedish or Sami had reached 93,200 by the end of 2016, making up 14.7 per cent of the citys population. When calculated as the proportion of people with a foreign background, the immigrant population of Helsinki was 14.9 per cent, with their numbers having grown rapidly since 2005.Of those moving to Helsinki, a clear majority are young adults, usually unmarried. Those moving away from Helsinki are generally older than the in-migrants. Earlier, the out-migrants were considerably higher educated than the in-migrants, primarily because the in-migrants were younger and often came to Helsinki to study. During the last few years, however, this difference of educational level has decreased.2016 saw 6,803 births in Helsinki, which was very close to the annual average for the five-year period 2012-2016. In Helsinki, the total fertility rate of women was 1.25 children in 2016, as compared with 1.65 children in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area or 1.57 in Finland as a whole  thus clearly lower in Helsinki. Although the number of births has stayed fairly stable, the fertility rate has decreased as the population has grown in the 2010s. In Helsinki, however, fertility has fallen less than in its neighbouring municipalities and Finland as a whole. A growing proportion  over one-fifth  of mothers giving birth in Helsinki had a foreign mother tongue.Increasing life expectancy in Helsinki  closer to the Finnish average 
In 2016, the life expectancy of a new-born baby in Helsinki was 78.2 years for boys and 83.8 years for girls. In the last few years, life expectancy has been only slightly lower in Helsinki than in Finland on average. Over the last 40 years, it has increased by 9.3 years in Helsinki. In the last 10 years, mortality has fallen, and life expectancy has increased by 2.2 years.The marital-status structure of Helsinkis population still differs from that of both the neighbouring municipalities and the whole country. The proportion of married is clearly smaller in Helsinki. Instead, the proportion of one-person households and single dwellers is larger in Helsinki, although both shares have decreased in Helsinki. In 2016, the number of marriages concluded in Helsinki was 3,601. Over the last 25 years, marriage rates have decreased most strongly under the age of 30 among both women and men. Divorce rates are slightly higher in Helsinki than in nearby municipalities and clearly higher than in Finland as a whole. People tend to divorce at a higher age, which is partly explained by their marrying at a higher age.The new publication on population changes in Helsinki contains vital statistics on population, population structure, births, deaths, migration, marriages and divorces. The figures are based on data from Statistics Finland.Publication:
  The landmark of the Suvilahti Cultural Centre, the brick gasometer of the former Suvilahti power plant, is under renovation. The envelope of the gasometer (or gas holder) will be returned to its former glory. The interior will be cleaned from the dirt and impurities accumulated during active use, and the foundations of the building will be improved. The renovation is scheduled for completion by the end of 2019.
Large outdoor events will continue to be held in Suvilahti despite the worksite. The worksite will remove some of its fences for the duration of the summers events in order to meet the events safety standards. Work may continue inside the gasometer building even when bands are playing outside.The building envelope will be repaired, plastered and painted with the traditional chalk paint. The windows will also be renovated.The Suvilahti power plants Viennese-style Jugendstil buildings were designed by architect Selim A. Lindqvist. The building complex including the gasometer is a nationally prominent, built urban environment.
The repair of the plasterwork of the building is imperative, not only to improve the local cityscape but also to stop the deterioration of the buildings outer skin and to ensure the safety of people.The structures inside the gasometer will be renovated and cleaned, and the soil underneath the building will be replaced. The building will have a new floor, pile support and insulation.
The gasometers steel gas container was removed earlier, and contaminated soil has been treated.The sizable cleanup is necessary regardless of the end use, because contaminants created during gas production have been absorbed into the soil and building materials. Gas was first produced for the needs of Helsinki by burning coal, and the byproducts of the process were coke, ammonia, coal tar, benzene and other chemical compounds.Before the interior of the gasometer can be put to new uses, it is crucial to make sure that the new spaces in it will be healthy. Reliable indoor air quality measurements can be done when key parts of the renovation are complete.The renovated gasometer is envisioned to be a magnificent addition to the Suvilahti Cultural Centre.
Spend a fun day at the Zoo! The Spring Carnival invites the entire family to come and start the amusement park season 27.4.-13.5. Come and enjoy this colourful spring event at Linnanmki! World Heritage Site Suomenlinna is a cultural treasure.The fortress and its museums, restaurants and events are a memorable experience for visitors of all ages. Fantastico! will explore an artistic movement known as magic realism, which emerged in Italy at the end of the First World War. The works exhibited are characterised by silence and a mysterious atmosphere, and the conflict between reality and the world of dreams. Ateneum Art MuseumPink joy of playing and key facts about the Barbie phenomenon! The exhibition follows in the footsteps of the world-renowned icon from 1959 all the way to this day. The National Museum of FinlandOn Wednesday 9 May, a Friday service will operate, with night buses runnign Wednesday night. On Ascension Day 10 May, a Sunday service will operate.24 h Telephone Health Service, Tel. 09 310 10023  Information is provided about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call.Health stations are closed on Thursday 10 May. Any other day health stations are open MonFri 8 - 16 (Kalasatama and Vuosaari 7 - 20). On 9 May Kalasatama and Vuosaari health stations do not have any evening appointments 16 - 20.Emergency Social Services and Crisis emergency support serve 24/7 also during Ascension Day. Emergency Social Services tel. 020 696 006 and Crisis emergency support tel. 09 310 44222. More on social and health care services
24 h Telephone Health Service, Tel. 09 310 10023Information is provided about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call.In life-threatening emergencies  call 112In the event of a severe and life-threatening illness or accident situation at any time of the day, call 112 for help.Health Stations Health stations are closed on Thursday 10 May. Any other day health stations are open MonFri 8 - 16 (Kalasatama and Vuosaari 7 - 20). On 9 May Kalasatama and Vuosaari health stations do not have any evening appointments 16 - 20.Emergency servicesWhen local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services.When local health stations are closed, residents of Helsinki with serious illnesses and in urgent need for care can also go to the Jorvi Hospital emergency room in Espoo, Turuntie 150, tel. 09 87 10023. Residents of Helsinki can also go the the Peijas Hospital emergency room in Vantaa, Sairaalakatu 1, Vantaa, tel. 09 471 83300.Emergency Dental CareEmergency dental care is provided on Ascension Day 921 at Haartman Hospital, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12. Appointments can be booked 821 at 09 310 49999. Night emergency duty is at Tl hospital emergency department, Tlnkatu 40, tel. 09 471 87708.Please always make an appointment by phone before seeking treatment for Emergency Dental Care.Emergency Social Services and Crisis emergency support 24/7Emergency Social Services and Crisis emergency support serve 24/7 also during Ascension Day. Emergency Social Services tel. 020 696 006 and Crisis emergency support tel. 09 310 44222.
Do you want to find out how digitalisation is changing education and the operating culture of the Education Division in Helsinki? The new Helsinki learns website shares ways in which new learning methods have been implemented in Helsinki.Digitalisation enables new ways of learning The City of Helsinkis new strategy encourages the utilisation of the entire city as a learning environment. These new ways of learning are already reflected in the form of insightful and, most importantly, new implementations in Helsinkis early childhood education, basic education, upper secondary school education, vocational education and training and non-formal adult education. In order to share innovative implementations, the City of Helsinkis Education Divisionhas launched the new Helsinki learns website. Found at Helsinkioppii.fi/en, the new website collects information on the progress of digitalisation and related implementations in all levels of education in Helsinki, from early childhood education to non-formal adult education. On the websites Learning in practice page, you can find practical examples from education professionals in Helsinki on the implementation of digitalisation in day care centres, schools and educational institutions around the city. The website allows anyone interested in the subject to draw ideas for their own work and follow the development of education in Helsinki. In early 2017, Helsinki conducted a study on how to better support the work of teachers, with dozens of the citys teachers and principals taking part in the background research. Their feedback and wishes served as the basis for the new Helsinki learns website, the aim of which is to support the sharing of implementations as well as provide information on the progress of digitalisation in Helsinki and on the training and tools available for promoting it. 15,000 new computers and 1,000 tablets in 2018In 2017, all the teachers in Helsinki were provided with laptops, and at the start of 2018, day care centres in Helsinki were provided with 1,000 new tablets. By the end of 2018, the Education Division will procure 15,000 new computers for use in teaching work. While the kind of learning promoted by the new curricula and early childhood education plan is hardly dependent on information technology devices, these devices will enable teaching that facilitates the achievement of new objectives in all levels of education, from early childhood education to non-formal adult education. Everything is based 100% on pedagogic considerations. We are procuring devices that have been confirmed to meet modern teaching and learning needs. This year we expect to already achieve 75% of the target level set for our digitalisation project, the overall objective of which is to ensure that 50% of 1st2nd graders, 75% of 3rd6th graders and 100% of 7th9th graders have a laptop. These procurements will also serve to replace devices that have reached the end of their lifecycles, says Head of Division Liisa Pohjolainen.Learn how digitalisation is being reflected in the everyday operation of day care centres, schools and educational institutions. Explore the practical implementations of learning and pick ideas for your own teaching helsinkioppii.fi/en
The Ultrahack Hackathon event arranged in Helsinki in May is attracting interest both on a domestic and international level. A total of 279 applications from individual applicants in Finland and abroad were submitted to the Event Tech & Mobility Hack track before the deadline. A total of 69 project applications were submitted. The applications contained diverse solution proposals such as gamified applications, communication applications to add audience interaction, and chatbots. The jury picks the hackathon attendees among the applicants. The Ultrahack Hackathon is arranged at Airo Island in Helsinki on 1820 May 2018. During the event, a group of coders gather for a pre-established period of time to work on solutions to certain challenges. The focus during the May weekend is to look for solutions to, among other things, the accessibility of event productions as well as the development of event technology in general.Read more:Ultrahack HackathonAiro Island
The City of Helsinki has begun negotiations on the construction of a block in Kruunuvuorenranta with YIT Construction Ltd. YIT was selected as the negotiating partner in a competition organised by the city last autumn. The city was looking for a suitable concept and a contractor, and YIT and its consortium* presented the best preliminary plan.The city and YIT are collaborating on the development a project plan that will serve as the basis of a local detailed plan proposal for partnership zoning. The target date for submitting the completed local detailed plan proposal to the Helsinki Urban Environment Division is early 2019. At the same time, the city is able to negotiate the property transaction related to the block with YIT.If the planning of the downtown block progresses according to the target schedule and the negotiations are fruitful, construction could commence as early as 2020. The construction project will be implemented in stages, with the construction coming to completion simultaneously with the completion of the Kruunusillat project and the opening of the light railway route.The downtown block will be designed as a commercial and service hub located next to a school and kindergarten block. According to the previously completed local detailed plan draft, the block will feature around 7,000 square metres of business premises and approximately 14,000 square kilometres of residential premises. Some of the business premises may include office, restaurant and accommodation premises.The block consists of several buildings, lined by Haakoninlahdenkatu, Varisluodonkatu and Pitkluodonkatu. The winning proposal in the plot tendering process envisions a unique and strong concept for a shopping centre built around local strengths, including maritime nature and community spirit.The block would feature a variety of restaurants, such as a food court, pop-up restaurants and a co-working restaurant that combines working with a restaurant milieu. The service offering will grow in the future, and this is reflected in the design that includes, for example, circular economy business and online retail premises. Apartments will be located on the upper floors of the slab blocks. Accessibility for residents would be supported in various forms, including parking spaces allocated for carsharing and leased parking.A completely new district is under construction in Kruunuvuorenranta on the opposite side of the city centre, three kilometres from the Market Square. In approximately 10 years, the area will be home to approximately 13,000 residents. Around 800 new jobs will be created. Many of the Kruunuvuorenranta apartments and the seaside boulevard offer a view over the sea to the city centre and Suomenlinna. The area is connected to the planned Kruunusillat light railway route. Currently, the Gunillakallio and Borgstrminmki residential areas are nearly finished with over one thousand apartments completed already. The consortium includes YIT Construction Ltd, ICECAPITAL REAM Oy, Helen Oy, Fortum Oyj, Attendo Oy and Touhula Pivkodit Oy. The proposal was designed by Cederqvist & Jntti Arkkitehdit Oy, Suunnittelutoimisto Amerikka Oy, Lighting Design Collective Oy and Maisema-arkkitehdit Byman & Ruokonen Oy.More information on Kruunuvuorenranta area
  The 2018 national Bicycling Week will be held 513 May. The 28th edition of the theme week is divided into 9 theme days under the slogan Go Shopping by Bicycle.The Bicycling Week is filled with a long list of happenings for those keen to bicycle and to promote bicycling. According to tradition, the Helsinki Cyclists society will serve breakfast to cyclists on 8 May, 79 AM, under the Porkkalankatu bridge on the Baana bikeway.During the week, a national campaign to promote bicycling will challenge municipalities, societies, associations, organizations and workplaces to organize activities related bicycling.Bike-share systems are changing the world and evolving. Helsinkis City Bikes programme launched in 2016 has been a success. Bike-share programmes are introduced in several new communities in Finland this spring.Local organizers time some of their most spectacular public events held at central locations to coincide with the Bicycling Week opening day. There are workshops on bicycle maintenance, instant bicycle repair and other services offered as part of the opening day programme or separately.The focus of the bicycling theme day for families is on children. The day features several different types of bicycling products such as freight bicycles, bicycle trailers, balance bikes and other products for bicycling families.Electric motor-powered bicycles, e-bikes, were the main theme of the 2016 Bicycling Week with the slogan Always in Tailwind! The theme gave a boost to e-bikes, which have tremendously increased in popularity in the past couple of years. E-bikes are an efficient way to encourage those to bicycle who are deterred by the obstacles of everyday bicycling.
The Bicycle to Work day encourages everybody to try to commute by bicycle, or at least to make some part of the journey to work by bicycle, as well as making bicycling their regular method of commuting.The Bicycle to School day features happenings related to bicycling, schools and school-aged children and young people.The theme on Ascension Day: Bicycling as a recreational and sports activity is one of the main reasons to bicycle for many Finns. A survey reveals that about 30 percent of all Finnish bike rides are made during the cyclists leisure time.A new theme day is launched to underscore the Bicycling Week 2018 main theme. The idea of the theme day is to encourage citizens to make their shopping trips by bicycle. Various solutions to transport goods by bicycle are presented.The Bicycling in All Ages theme day features tours and happenings targeted at seniors and uniting generations.
  The 14 municipalities of the Helsinki Region approved at their meeting of 24 April the principles and objectives that will steer the preparation of their joint plan for land use, housing and transport for 2019, known as the MAL 2019 plan.The goal of the MAL 2019 planning is to cut emissions from transport in the region by no less than 50 percent from 2005 to 2030. Workforce availability should improve by no less than 10 percent from 2018 to 2030. Differences between the regions areas should decrease and social segregation should not increase from 2018 to 2030.The MAL planning is based on the forecast according to which the Helsinki Region will have a total population of 2 million and 1.05 million jobs in 2050. The MAL planning is based on the needs of the Helsinki Region, national obligations and earlier plans for land use, housing and transport.Planning solutions will be assessed against the requirements that no less than 90 percent of housing production should be focused in areas that are prioritized in the regions land use that the share of sustainable modes of transport (walking, cycling and public transport) should be no less than 70 percent of all regional transport and that no less than 85 percent of the population should live in areas where residents can use sustainable modes of transport.The first cooperation meeting of the Helsinki Region municipalities during the current City Council term elected Helsinki Mayor Jan Vapaavuori as the meeting chair. As vice chairs, the meeting elected Vihti Municipal Council Chair Eerikki Viljanen and Espoo City Council Chair Jyrki Kasvi.
The Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra will explore classic and intriguing new Anglo-American music alongside its main repertoire in the upcoming 2018-19 season. Season tickets for autumn are on sale 8.5.-1.8.2018.The 2018-19 programme features a wide range of orchestral works by American and British composers, including the likes of Samuel Barber, Edward Elgar, Benjamin Britten, Aaron Copland and Morton Feldman. Featured among todays contemporary composers will be Joan Tower, John Adams, Jennifer Higdon and Sean Shepherd, as well as Mason Bates.Guest conductors will include the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestras long-time partners Sakari Oramo, Osmo Vnsk, Jukka-Pekka Saraste and John Storgrds, as well as Domingo Hindoyan and Michael Sanderling, who will be conducting the orchestra for the first time.The autumn season gets underway with Chief Conductor Susanna Mlkki joined by pianist Kirill Gerstein and the Helsinki Music Centre Choir. The opening concert presents a Charles Ives classic, the piano concerto of Arnold Schnberg, who emigrated to the US, and a seldom performed jazz orchestra version of George Gershwins Rhapsody in Blue. The eagerly awaited joint concert of the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra and the UMO Jazz Orchestra also takes place early in the season. Concert audiences will also get to enjoy the talents of a new generation of Finnish artists. In the coming season, the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra will be conducted by Dalia Stasevska and Klaus Mkel, as well as Taavi Oramo and Eva Ollikainen, who will be making their conducting debuts in front of the orchestra. Soloists include cellist Jonathan Roozeman and pianist Joonas Ahonen.The spring programme includes the world premiere of a new composition by German composer Enno Poppe that was commissioned by the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra, the Los Angeles Philharmonic and the Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra. The opening concert of Musica nova Helsinki will also present new music and several Finnish premieres. The Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestras popular HKO Screen online broadcasts will continue in the coming season. The concerts can be watched on the orchestras website. The HKO Screen series will comprise no less than 22 concerts.Tickets from Ticketmaster: www.ticketmaster.fi, t. 0600 10 800 (1.98 /min + lnc)Season tickets for autumn 2018 can be purchased from 8 May to 1 August and single tickets as of 9 August 2018.Season tickets for spring 2019 can be purchased from 1 November to 3 December and single tickets as of 11 December 2018.ProgrammeConcert calendar (pdf)
There is a great deal going on in Helsinki. A new art museum, Amos Rex, will open in the Helsinki city centre in August. The new Helsinki Central Library will open doors in December. Helsinki Deputy Mayor for Culture and Leisure Nasima Razmyar presented the latest cultural news from Helsinki to the international media in London on 27 April. She underscored the extensive offering of Helsinki to cultural tourists. Her main message was the high significance that the library institution has and will have for Finnish society.Finland was a developing country one hundred years ago. Today, Finland ranks among the world leaders in the quality of life. According to Deputy Mayor Razmyar, libraries have played a key role in the evolution of the nation.I firmly believe that our success as a nation owes to our strong and egalitarian public education system. Our libraries have always supported education. They will also be highly important for the future of Finland, Deputy Mayor Razmyar said.According to a survey conducted by the Finnish Cultural Foundation, the Finns regard libraries as the countrys most important cultural service. Helsinki has 38 local libraries, and the Helsinki City Council gives strong backing to the network. However, Helsinki needs a new central library. Deputy Mayor Razmyar asserted that the new Helsinki Central Library, named Oodi (Ode in English), will meet many needs in the network.The world is changing, and libraries must change, too. The uses of libraries have changed especially with digitalization. The needs of library users are also changing, she said.According to Deputy Mayor Razmyar, the Finns can be truly proud of their library institution. The Finnish library institution needs a flagship, and the Helsinki Central Library will be a library of the future. The spaces are adaptable, so the library can change as library uses change. She listed the many different uses that the new library will serve. The library will nourish those hungry for literature, but it will also be a place for meetings, work and learning new digital skills. The library will be a place for relaxation.Deputy Mayor Razmyar met members of the media and cultural figures at the event, which was held at the residence of the Finnish Ambassador to London Pivi Luostarinen. In addition to the Deputy Mayor, the speakers were Ambassador Luostarinen Museum Director Kai Kartio, Amos Anderson Art Museum Director Hanna Harris, Architecture Information Centre Finland (Archinfo) and CEO Laura Aalto, Helsinki Marketing. The Helsinki Central Library and Amos Rex were presented by Antti Nousjoki, a principal of ALA Architects, who are the architects of the Helsinki Central Library, and Freja Sthlberg-Aalto of JKMM Architects, who are the architects of Amos Rex.During her visit to London, Deputy Mayor Razmyar also met Justine Simons, Londons Deputy Mayor for Culture and the Creative Industries. The Deputy Mayors discussed the importance of culture to the wellbeing of citizens and future cooperation between Helsinki and London. Deputy Mayor Razmyars programme in London also included a meeting with Londons first Night Czar Amy Lam. Deputy Mayor Razmyar, who has suggested a similar office for Helsinki, wants to learn about the experiences of other cities from night czars. The visit to London was related to the City of Helsinkis goal to raise international awareness of Helsinki as a cultural city and as an exciting tourist destination.
This spring festival is a popular carnival that has traditionally been celebrated by workers and students. On the eve of May Day, students gather at the Market Square to wash the statue of Havis Amanda and place a student cap on her head. The celebrations continue throughout the city. The following morning everyone gathers in Kaivopuisto Park and Ullanlinnanmki for a picnic and more sparkling wine. Parades and other events are also held around town.The main event on the evening before May Day is when students use a crane to put a student cap on the statue of Havis Amanda by the Market Square. Before doing so they give her a good soapy wash while the crowds of onlookers cheer them on and wave their own white student caps.May Day itself is celebrated in the city with numerous markets selling balloons, fans and masks. Students and academics gather in the Kaivopuisto park for a champagne picnic in the morning or a May Day brunch at a local restaurant. Workers in turn take part in political marches and listen to speeches and songs in the citys market squares. All Finns enjoy mead, donuts and funnel cake on May Day. All the traditions combine to create a colourful two-day spring carnival for all to enjoy.Helsinki Region TransportOn May Day eve, Monday 30 April, a Friday service will operate. On May Day, a Sunday service will operate. There will be plenty of additional bus, Metro and commuter train services on 30 April and 1 May. On Monday evening, tram routes will be diverted in downtown Helsinki from 4pm. LibrariesAll Helmet libraries are closed 1st of May (May Day).30 April libraries close earlier thanusual. Check the opening hours on your library's page in Helmet.fi. There are some exceptions also in self-service libraries' opening hours.VappushokkeloWelcome to Symbioosi rys Childrens Vappushokkelo 1.5.2018 at Kumpulas Botanic Garden 10-17. Entrance fee is 4 euros for children and 2 euros for adults. Read more:
According to Startup Genome's fresh report, the world's most locally connected startup ecosystem is located in Helsinki. This spring, the growth enterprise community gets a new event, the open Helsinki Startup Day, to be arranged on 29 May. The event is carried out by the City of Helsinki enterprise service NewCo Helsinki in collaboration with Finnish Business Angel Network (FiBAN). Other partners of the event are xEdu, Start North and the Talsinki project.The event is free of charge and stuffed with programme, and it offers an opportunity for networking with startup entrepreneurs and meeting, for example, investors and people from incubators. Also present are key players from the Nordic countries and the Baltic region. The day of pitching startups, workshops, meeting places and presentations is arranged in the Banquet Room of the Helsinki City Hall. At the same time, Helsinki Startup Day is like a warm-up event to the Arctic15 event for investors and startup entrepreneurs, which conquers the Cable Factory on 3031 May.FiBAN's Pitch Finland is arranged in connection to the Helsinki Startup Day, under the name Pitch Helsinki. Pitch Finland is the leading regular pitch event of the Nordic countries, which presents potential growers to the investors. At the event, startups selected by a the pre-selection jury present their operations to angel investors with the aim of finding new financiers among them. The event is now exceptionally open to the public, offering an opportunity to learn from and enjoy the pitches of others. Startups may apply for participation through FiBAN. Welcome to Helsinki Startup Day  an event of the world's most locally connected and happiest startup ecosystem!Further information and registrationHelsinki Startup Day 2018 Time: 29 May, from 12 noon to 6 pmPlace: Helsinki City Hall Banquet Room (entrance Pohjoisesplanadi 1113)No entrance feeThe event is in English
09310 10023In life-threatening emergencies  call 112Health Stations Emergency servicesAdults (over 16 years of age)ChildrenWhen local health stations are closed, residents of Helsinki with serious illnesses and in urgent need for care can also go to the Jorvi Hospital emergency room in Espoo, Turuntie 150, tel. 09 4711. Residents of Helsinki can also go the Peijas Hospital emergency room in Vantaa, Sairaalakatu 1, Vantaa, tel. 09 471 67060.Emergency Dental CareEmergency Social Services and Crisis
HSL ticket office by the Suomenlinna ferry pier at the Market Square will open on 30 April at 9am. The office will be open every day until 16 September. The ferry will switch to summer timetables on 28 April. The timetables will run until 23 September. The ticket office sells Suomenlinna tickets, single tickets and one day tickets for adults and children.HSLs Travel Card and mobile tickets are also accepted on the ferry.Ticket office opening hours:30 April1 May: 9m-5pm2 May3 June: Mon-Fri 8am-5pm and Sat-Sun 9am-5pm4 June26 August: daily 9m-6pm27 August16 September: daily 9m-5pmFriday 23 June (Midsummer Eve): 9am-5pmSaturday 24 June (Midsummer Day): 9am-5pmRead more:Suomenlinna ferry summer timetables
Helsinkis Bike Centres have started a new season. The centres continue to serve customers at the Narinkka square in Kamppi and in Herttoniemi. The main goal of the service is to allow citizens to maintain their bikes independently but under the guidance of a mechanic on hand and with tools borrowed from the Bike Centre. The service is organized by Helsinki City Transport (HKL).Many cyclists in Helsinki were eagerly waiting for the Bike Centres to open for the season. The centres keep busy with customers, especially in good weather. The Kamppi Bike Centre is so centrally located that cycling commuters can easily drop by to pump their tires. Younger cyclists can work on their bikes for hours in order to learn how to maintain them on their own, and were naturally there to help them, says Jonne Stenbacka, one of the Bike Centre staff.Both Bike Centres are operated by the Velo & Oxygen bike store. The Bike Centres provide hands-on advice related to bike maintenance and lend tools free of charge. If a cyclist finds it too much to maintain their bike by themselves, they can leave the bike at a centre to be maintained by a professional for a charge. The Herttoniemi Bike Centre has an indoor bike maintenance area, which allows customers to stay dry on rainy days. The Herttoniemi Bike Centre also sells used bikes during the 2018 season.Later in the spring, electric bikes can be tested at the Bike Centres, made possible by Velo & Oxygen.The Bike Centres distribute cycling maps free of charge and information on the City Bikes bike share programme. The Bike Centres also serve as easy meeting places for cyclists and as starting points for cycling tours.Various organizations and enterprises can hold non-profit events related to cycling at the Bike Centres. The centres are excellent places where to demonstrate bikes and cycling products.Both Bike Centres serve Monday to Friday until the end of October. The opening hours are 1018.Youre welcome to visit to see our facilities and to learn about our services! Were here for you and to assist you, says Stenbacka.Read more about the Bike Centres at http://www.pyorakeskus.info/enFind us on Facebook and Instagram:https://www.facebook.com/helsinginpyorakeskus/
Track works to improve the functionality and efficiency of Helsinki railway yard will affect HSL's commuter train services from June to August 2018. The outermost track pairs in the railway yard will alternately be taken out of service. These track works will affect the departure tracks in Pasila. More detailed information about the changed timetables will be available at a later date via HSLs Journey Planner. the changes affect commuter trains I, P, N and KCommuter train services to Helsinki:During the day, the K and N trains from Kerava will terminate at Pasila.At night, I, N, P and T train services will run as usual to the Helsinki Central Railway Station.During the day, the P trains departing from Helsinki Airport will terminate at Pasila. I train services will run as usual to the Helsinki Central Railway Station.Other commuter train and long-distance train services will run as usual.Passengers travelling to Helsinki can change trains either at Pasila or earlier at Tikkurila.Commuter train services from Helsinki:During the day, the K and N trains to Kerava will depart from Pasila.At night, I , N , P and T trains will depart as usual from the Helsinki Central Railway Station.I trains to Helsinki Airport will depart from Pasila during the daytime.P trains to the Helsinki Airport will depart as usual from the Helsinki Central Railway Station.Other commuter train and long-distance train services will run as usual. the changes affect commuter trains L, A, P and ICommuter train services running towards Helsinki:During the day, the I trains departing from Helsinki Airport will terminate at Pasila. P train services will run as usual from the airport to the Helsinki Central Railway Station.At night, A, I, L and P train services will run as usual to the Helsinki Central Railway Station.A trains will run less frequently, at 30-minute intervals, all the way to Helsinki.A and L trains will not stop at Ilmala station. I trains will stop at Ilmala as usual during the daytime.Other commuter train and long-distance train services will run as usual.Passengers travelling to Helsinki can change trains either at Pasila or earlier at HuopalahtiCommuter train services from Helsinki:P trains to Helsinki Airport will depart from Pasila station during the daytime. I trains to the airport will depart as usual from the Helsinki Central Railway Station.At night, A, I, L and P trains will depart as usual from the Helsinki Central Railway Station.A trains will run less frequently, at 30-minute intervals, from Helsinki.A and L trains will not stop at Ilmala station. During the day, P trains will stop at Ilmala station as usual.Other commuter train and long-distance train services will run as usual.Read more:Helsinki Regional Transport 
  The summer Helsinki offers ample opportunities to get and stay fit. You can join fitness classes in parks, supervised outdoor gym workouts, fitness stair climbing, and water fitness classes. Park fitness classes will be organized throughout the city from 2 May to 28 August 2018. The park fitness season will be kicked off in the Latokartano sports park and Maunulas Sorsapuisto (Duck Park).Free-of-charge fitness classes will be held during the summer of 2018 in Kontulas Kelkkapuisto (Sledge Park), the Latokartano sports park, Maunulas Sorsapuisto (Duck Park), the Myllypuro and Oulunkyl sports parks, Puotilas Leikkiniitty greenery, the Suuntimopuisto park, Rastila Camping, the Roihuvuori and Tali sports parks, the Tlnlahti park and the Swimming Stadium.Versatile and free-of-charge outdoor fitness training under the supervision of fitness trainers will be organized in Palohein, Pirkkola and Roihuvuori. Supervised Nordic Walking will be organized in the Tlnlahti area. You can train on the Palohein fitness stairs at any time on your own, with friends and with a trainer from 4 May to 15 June. Or join supervised outdoor fitness training at the Pirkkola and Roihuvuori sports parks and the Tl Sports Hall/Tlnlahti outdoor sports site. Outdoor workouts will begin as early as 4 May and last until 29 June.Water workouts in indoor pools will be held in May and June at the Itkeskus, Pirkkola and Yrjnkatu swimming halls. Swimming hall water workouts will start on 30 April and end on 18 June. Water workouts in outdoor pools will be held from 29 May onwards until 30 August, when the season ends with a workout held at the Swimming Stadium.Swimming styles are taught at the Swimming Stadium 4 June9 July as follows: The charge for water workouts and swimming style classes is 2.50 euros per class in addition to the swimming hall/pool admission charge.The following information is in Finnish:Find all fitness classes in parks here.Fitness stair climbing classes and outdoor gym workouts here.Water workouts for working-age people here and for seniors here.
Maahanmuuttajanuorten Helsinki -project (The Migrant Youth Helsinki project) has made it to the finals in the international Engaged Cities competition that promotes cooperation between cities and citizens. Maahanmuuttajanuorten Helsinki is a five-year project started in 2016 by the City of Helsinki and the We Foundation, and the goal of the project is to improve the equality of migrant youth in working life, education and social environment. The project includes for example Buddyschool, a project based on communal peer learning where older students teach younger ones, and the Jobd model that provides youth with first jobs and creates new jobs offering social value. Migrant Youth Helsinki is an example of the miracles that can be created when the youth, the professionals and volunteers working with them, foundations and service designers work together, says the Executive Director of the Culture and Leisure Sector, Tommi Laitio.This year, the Engaged Cities Award is given out for the first time. The competitions highlights cities that have developed creative solutions to their problems together with their citizens. Helsinki was visited in March by representatives from the competition organizer, Cities of Service network, and they explored the Migrant Youth Helsinki project.Cities of Service is a network of over 200 US mayors founded in 2009 and it is supported by the Bloomberg Philanthropies foundation, founded by former New York mayor Michael R. Bloomberg. The goal of the network is to support and encourage local governments and city leaders to solve problems and build trust among citizens and NGOs. The results of the competition will be announced in New York in mid-May. All of the finalist projects will be presented in a seminar that will be attended by a delegation of six from Helsinki, led by Pia Pakarinen, Deputy Mayor for Education.Additional information Irma Sippola, Project ManagerMigrant Youth Helsinkiirma.sippola@hel.fi +358 41 512 1795Cities of Service Press Release (in English)
Helsinki expects to receive almost 300 international cruise ship calls during the summer 2018 season. The Helsinki Helpers will be on hand to greet the visitors right from the start of the season. According to international forecasts, the popularity of the Baltic Sea as a cruise destination is expected to grow even more in the years ahead.
The almost 300 cruise ships expected to call on the Finnish capital, are bringing with them over half a million international cruise visitors.The cruise season begins on 24 April with the arrival of the five-star cruise ship MS Hanseatic at the South Harbour. The busiest day of the summer will be 2 July, when six cruise ships will call on Helsinki on the same day with almost 10,000 cruise passengers altogether.  Tourism in Helsinki is growing at a healthy rate, and the growing number of international cruise ships demonstrates for its own part how Helsinki is an attractive destination. The estimated number of cruise ship visits this summer represents growth of nearly 13 percent compared to last summers record season, says Laura Aalto, CEO of Helsinki Marketing.The large number of international cruise visitors during the summer season is also good for business among local service providers. According to a survey conducted in 2017, each cruise visitor spends an average of 63.70 euros during a five-hour visit to Helsinki. In total, cruise visitors generated approximately 32 million euros in tourism income for Helsinki last year.Tourist Informations
summer workers, the Helsinki Helpers, are a familiar sight on the streets of the city and at the cruise harbours. The first Helsinki Helpers will begin working already in May so that they can serve cruise visitors already at the start of the season.In addition to the Helsinki Helpers, cruise visitors will be served by the new Tourist Information offices inside the Central Railway Station and Stockmanns department store beginning this May.The number of
international cruise visitors to the Baltic Sea increased by 1.2 million in 2017 compared to the previous year, and the number is expected to grow by a further 8.4 percent this year.According to Cruise Baltic, the network of international cruise destinations in Northern Europe, cruise ships already carry 27 million passengers a year globally, and this number is expected to grow to 40 million over the coming decade. Furthermore, cruise destinations with cooler temperatures, such as those in the Baltic Sea, are expected to grow even more in popularity. Read more:
"The City of Helsinki is preparing a maritime strategy, whose objective is to improve the availability of coastal destinations and the services in the archipelago, as well as increase the number of maritime events. In the collection of ideas carried out during the first two weeks of March, residents, entrepreneurs, visitors and others had the opportunity to submit their development ideas to the City.Helsinki received around 500 suggestions through the maritime ideas site and the Kerrokantasi (Voice your opinion) site. The main themes were the functionality of the regular service between the islands, marketing communications of maritime destinations, guest harbours and other services for boaters, maritime events, sanitation of the destinations and the perspectives and different development desires of the maritime entrepreneurs. In terms of maritime sports, standup paddleboarding alone attracted around one hundred comments, as the future of the Tlnlahti SUP enterprise was discussed in public at the time of the idea collection.Helsinki wants to stronger utilise the sea as a means of attraction for the City. This is pursued, for example, though the continued opening of the near archipelago to the public and by furthering the development of maritime tourism services and recreation opportunities. Moreover, a new international modern art biennale that utilises the archipelago will be built to Helsinki. The biennale will be experienced for the first time in 2020. The entrepreneur co-operations will be intensified, for example, by the founding of a network for maritime entrepreneurs with regular meetings.The Project Manager of the Maritime Strategy Minttu Perttula started at her new job at the City of Helsinki on 16 April. Perttula has previously worked as special planner at Metshallitus' nature services and as manager of the Vallisaari development project.""I am well acquainted with the current offerings and development challenges of Helsinki's maritime sector and it has been inspiring to be able to read up on the hundreds of comments that were gathered through the collection of ideas. The comments included many suggestions that we are going to start implementing immediately. Besides the commitment, the answers of the maritime entrepreneurs and the residents show how strongly the sea is deemed as one of the City's most important factors of attraction, the value of which should be further elevated"", notes Perttula.The collection of idea for maritime Helsinki was organised by Owal Group Oy on order of the City of Helsinki.Background informationThe most functional city in the world  The Helsinki City Strategy 20172021 provides the guidelines for the future of Helsinki. The strategy is implemented in key projects, one of which is the Maritime Strategy.The Most Functional City in the World  The Helsinki City Strategy 20172021Social media#merihelsinki"
Over the last ten years, dwelling prices in Helsinki have been rising clearly faster than have peoples incomes. In 2017, the price per square metre of dwellings in blocks of flats surpassed one-tenth of households disposable incomes. The ratio of square metre price to disposable income is rising in Espoo and Vantaa, too, although less than in Helsinki.However, the price rise is moderated by a growing housing supply thanks to intense housing construction. In the Helsinki Region, the MAL (land-use, housing and traffic) goals for the numbers of dwellings completed will now be reached, i.e. 15,000 dwellings. The numbers of building permits and building starts indicate higher numbers of buildings completed in near future, too. A sufficient number of new dwellings keeps the housing market stable a few years ahead in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, which will prevent heavier differentiation in housing prices.The latest issue of Helsinki Region Trends analyses how dwelling prices have evolved. The publication highlights the articles by economist Lauri Vuori of the PTT Pellervo Economic Research Institute and senior researcher Oskari Harjunen of Helsinki City Executive Office. According to Oskari Harjunens research, the western extension of the Helsinki Metro has raised housing prices by four per cent in the near vicinity of the new metro stations.Strong production growth continued in the Helsinki
The Helsinki Region Trends also reveal that overall production in the Helsinki Region was 4.5 % higher in the last quarter of 2017 than it had been a year earlier. Furthermore, prices of second-hand dwellings in blocks of flats in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area were 3.3 per cent higher in late 2017 than in late 2016. The average dwelling price per square metre in the metropolitan area was 4,020. The publication also shows how air quality in the Helsinki Region was exceptionally good in October-December 2017 at all monitoring stations in Helsinki and its neighbouring cities.Helsinki Region Trends is a trilingual current review of topical themes in the current evolution of the Helsinki Region. Data and findings are continuously updated on the website showing the regions evolution in terms of indicators of regional economy, housing and business premises, wellbeing, traffic and environment, labour market and population.More on the subject: Researcher Jenni Erjansola, +358 9 310 36365, jenni.erjansola(at)hel.fi Publication:Helsinki Region Trends 2018
The Helsinki City Board's Economic Development Sub-committee decided to reserve an area in Koivusaari for Ikea Real Estate Oy for the planning of an Ikea project. An Ikea store and offices associated with it, as well as other commercial, hotel and office premises are being planned in Koivusaari, a future neighbourhood of around 5,000 inhabitants and over 4,000 jobs. A part of the complex, the Ikeastore, is planned as a new kind of object in terms of the architecture and the service concept, with a high-quality cityscape and consideration to the special characteristics of the area.The buildings will be located in the centre of Koivusaari, just off the metro station. The size of the planning area is 15 145 sq m.When realised, the Ikea project brings a significant number of new jobs to Helsinki, to an easily reachable area. The project is being planned and developed in intensive co-operation between the city, with support to the overall plan for Koivusaari and its objectives.The planning reservation continues through 2020. Ikea Real Estate Oy's aim is to carry out the project as soon as possible after the town planning, buildability and other joint planning and development solutions allow it. Further informationDecision announcement (only in Finnish)Helsinki City Board's Economic Development Sub-committee
You can now explore the nature of Helsinki and Tallinn guided by your smartphone. The web portal Citynature.eu is a nature guide for mobile devices that presents the Top 10 nature destinations of both cities and how to explore them.Both Helsinki and Tallinn have a great deal of fine urban nature. The mobile guide contains ten such destinations in both cities that are quick and easy to reach with public transport.
The new service encourages even the more inexperienced visitors to explore close-by nature, says project coordinator Annika Harlio
  of the Helsinki Urban Environment Division. Surprisingly many Helsinki residents dont know the nature sites near their homes. We hope that the web portal can make popping into nature part of peoples everyday lives, as even brief visits to nature have beneficial health effects.Exploration of nature is made easy with a route suggested for each destination. The routes are presented on a map. The smartphone GPS allows users to monitor their progress on the routes.The route suggestions include information postings on the areas nature, plant and animal life, sights, history and services. Audio versions of the postings free users from staring at their smartphone displays when hiking in nature.Visitors hungry for information can be guided through the area by their smartphones. The guided tours can give them new information even on familiar sites. The mobile guide provides information on the local plant and animal species. By following the Harakka islands geological path, visitors can learn about the Ice Age from the marks still visible on the island. In the Helsinki Central Park and Mustavuori, visitors can spot ramparts built during World War I.The mobile nature guide serves tourists as well as residents. The Helsinki guide is in Finnish, Swedish, English and Estonian. The Tallinn guide is in Estonian, Finnish, English and Russian.The guide offers frequent visitors to Tallinn a new option to acquaint themselves with the city. For example, instead of visiting the Old Town, they can visit the Rocca al Mare bird watching tower, Harlio suggests.School teachers can make good use of the mobile guide as a learning aid for outdoor classes. For example, the guide contains points for the phenomenon-based learning method of the new school curriculum in the Vanhankaupunginlahti nature area.The ten nature destinations of Helsinki in the Citynature.eu web portal are Harakka, Kallahti, the Central Park, Lauttasaari, Mustavuori, Pihlajasaari, Seurasaari, Uutela, Vallisaari and Vanhankaupunginlahti. The ten destinations of Tallinn are the Aegna island, Astangu, the Kadriorg park, Maarjame, the Nmme-Mustamki nature reserve, the Pskla wetland, Paljassaare, the Pirita river valley, Rocca al Mare and the parks of the Tallinn Old Town.The Citynature.eu web portal was produced as part of the NATTOURS project 20162018 financed by the EUs Central Baltic Interreg regional fund. Helsinki partnered in the project with the City of Tallinn and the Tallinn unit of the Stockholm Environment Institute.
Elected officials of Espoo, Helsinki, Oulu, Tampere, Turku and Vantaa met in Turku on 10 April 2018 and gave the following collective statement:
Climate change is solved in citiesClimate change, the biggest threat to humankind, is solved in cities. Through their solutions, cities can significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions. They also provide opportunities for individuals to make sustainable choices.Climate goals set for the year 2045 on a national level will be reached in biggest Finnish cities as early as 15 years ahead of schedule. Four of our six biggest cities aim at reaching carbon neutrality already in 2030/2029, one city in 2035 and one in 2040. Over the current decade, our cities have already reduced their greenhouse gases exceeding the national level speed of development. As global investments are directed towards sustainable solutions, cities compete for their position as pioneers and areas of development. This competition benefits everyone, as cities with ambitious climate politics introduce new policies and clean technologies. For example, the energy reform, smart building, and implementation of smart mobility solutions create a significant market for implementing new innovations. To turn into reality, many innovations require a sufficient critical mass of users, found only in cities.Cities also take responsibility for their residents and for the environment by preparing for the consequences of climate change. As climate change accelerates, the related risks gain more and more importance even in Finnish cities. The consequences of climate change and the action to tackle them take place in the everyday reality where people live  in cities and local communities.When setting high climate goals, the biggest cities in Finland have recognised the benefits of ambitious climate politics and identified themselves as capable of turning their high goals into concrete action. Cities have the will and ability to solve problems related to climate change cooperatively.
Carbon neutrality objectives in big Finnish cities:Report: Climate Leadership from Baltic Sea Region Cities by the Union of the Baltic Sea and CDP Emission calculation / sources: Helsinki, Espoo and Vantaa, Tampere, Oulu and Turku
Startup Genome compares annually startup ecosystems and their strengths. The report was published today at the Global Entrepreneurship Congress. It states that Helsinki is an example for the whole world with its local connectedness. In addition, Helsinki was well presented as the gaming hub, but also AI and health were acknowledged as Helsinkis strengths.Startup Genome and the Global Entrepreneurship Network (GEN) launched today the Global Startup Ecosystems Report in Istanbul. This report finds out different factors, what it takes to build dynamic startup ecosystems. The report compares 45 cities. This year it takes a close look too at key sub-sectors such as Robotics, A.I., Blockchain, Life Sciences and Cybersecurity and Gaming. Helsinki is already known for its game industry, but this year also health and artificial intelligence were noted as Helsinkis strongholds in the report.Helsinki has one of the leading startup ecosystems in the fields of in the information and communications technology, gaming and cleantech. Recently we have witnessed rising stars also in health. We have excellent co-operation between startups, cities, corporations and research institutes, which makes Helsinki very strong in order to solve great global challenges, the CEO of Helsinki Business Hub Marja-Liisa Niinikoski comments.In the addition to the size and global connectedness, the report names local connectedness as one of the success factors. Helsinki is the best ecosystem for local connectedness in the world. Behind are ecosystems such as Silicon Valley and London. The report states that sense of community correlates highly with indicators of overall ecosystem performance such as startup output, exits, startup valuations, exits, unicorns, and ecosystem value. A higher level of local relationships is also positively correlated with ecosystem performance.As we all know, we dont have a huge market in Finland. That is why our startups are targeting straight to the global market. When the competition is high, we need to work together, Marja-Liisa Niinikoski says.The report is comparing Helsinki to Jerusalem. They both are small, strong startup ecosystems, with similar levels of sense of community in the analysis. The Greater Helsinki region, however, has a much higher level of local relationships. The report has found out that when founders help other founders, overall ecosystem performance is stronger.The startup world is changing fast. The big and mature ecosystems are no longer the only ones that can rise to the top globally.Weve now entered the Third Wave of innovation  where our global startup community is disrupting industries by combining technology with deep industry expertise. This is creating a potentially game-changing opportunity for smaller, less mature startup ecosystems that can now build out a competitive advantage at a global level by focusing on their DNA and legacy strengths, shares Startup Genome CEO and co-founder JF Gauthier.More informationStartup Genome Report 2018
Helsinki is the hidden gem of Northern Europe and the fastest route between Asia and Europe.The Finnish capital is a year-round city of events and an inspiring design destination that promises even more in 2018.Helsinki is attracting more visitors than ever before. The city challenges the established tourist attractions in Europe by offering visitors new kinds of experiences. The fastest flight route between Asia and Europe is through Helsinki, with the national airline Finnair offering over 250 direct flights a month between Asian cities and the Finnish capital. Visitors can find everything from design to delicious restaurant experiences and museums to outdoor activities. Getting around time is really easy, so you dont waste any time sitting in traffic jams, and you can get by with English everywhere, says Laura Aalto, CEO of Helsinki Marketing. The already generous selection of over sixty hotels in Helsinki will be further expanded this spring when the five-star St. George opens in a historic building in the city centre. The exclusive new hotel combines wellness, cuisine and art to create a complete experience for guests.
Helsinki is a city of contrasts that combines urban culture with pure nature. From any hotel in Helsinki guests can walk to the seashore or a green park in just minutes. Unforgettable outdoor destinations include the many islands in the archipelago, which are perfect for daytrips. The city is literally surrounded by pure nature, offering visitors lots of opportunities to enjoy the outdoors, for example by picking blueberries in the forests in July and August.The spirit of Helsinki also includes Finnish sauna culture, which visitors can experience in their hotel saunas or any of the public saunas. For example, both the Lyly design sauna and Allas Sea Pool offer the chance to cool off in sea water after a hot sauna session.Helsinki also has many great museums right in the city centre, including four leading art museums within a one-kilometre radius. These will be joined in August 2018 by the brand-new Amos Rex, an innovative art museum that has been built below ground and that has already attracted a lot of international attention. The opening exhibition will present the Tokyo-based teamLab art collective.The new Helsinki Central Library Oodi designed by ALA Architects will open in the heart of the city in December 2018. State-of-the-art libraries like Oodi are not only a key element in the international renowned Finnish education system but also design attractions in themselves. Oodi showcases Finnish wooden construction expertise and sets an example for the libraries of the future. CNNhas referred to Oodi as one of the most anticipated buildings of 2018.Helsinki aims to be the worlds most functional city, in part by developing digital services for visitors that will help it stand out from the competition. The MyHelsinki.fi website that was launched last summer is based entirely on the recommendations of locals. The website serves both locals and visitors in six different languages.Read more
    The Helsinki City Board has approved new principles for defining speed limits in the Helsinki street network and new limits that can be put into effect without delay. The decision harmonizes the current practice by setting the speed limit on the residential streets in all residential areas at 30 kilometres per hour.
    The Helsinki City Board has approved new principles for defining speed limits in the Helsinki street network and new limits that can be put into effect without delay. The decision harmonizes the current practice by setting the speed limit on the residential streets in all residential areas at 30 kilometres per hour.According to the new principles, the speed limit on the Helsinki peninsula is 30 km/h except for the main streets and their extensions to the West and South Harbours, on which the limit is 40 km/h. The changes do not lower speed limits throughout the city. The limit on residential streets in industrial areas is 40 km/h, and the limit on motorways is 6080 km/h. The speed limit on the main streets in suburban areas is 50 km/h. The speed limit in the inner city south of Hakamentie is 40 km/h.
One of the goals with the lower speed limits is to improve traffic safety. There are fewer accidents at lower speeds, and the accidents result in fewer deaths and fewer permanently disabling injuries. Other goals include reductions in noise, the susceptibility of the system to disruptions and the costs of accidents. Further goals are improvements in traffic flow, air quality, the general quality of areas, and the conditions for walking and cycling.The new speed limits are estimated to have only a minor effect on travel times and only during evening and nighttime hours. Helsinki Region Transport estimates that the cost to public transport will be 11.5 million euros once the speed limits complying with the new principles take full effect. However, the cost increase is relatively small in relation to the total costs of public transport operation (about 500 million euros), and the savings from reduced accident costs are estimated to be higher than the additional costs.It is estimated that the annual savings in accident costs will be 6 million euros per year if average speeds are reduced by 5 km/h on the streets affected by new speed limits.
Some of the speed limits complying with the new principles require structural changes in the street environment before the speed limit changes can be effected. The structural changes will be made in conjunction with other projects such as infill construction, street renovations and public transport and cycling development projects. Some of the speed limit changes will be implemented without delay after a traffic sign plan has been drawn up.The City Board has decided to propose to the City Council a general plan for a tram line to be built in Hernesaari. The line would continue the current line 6 from Hietalahti to Hernesaari. It is imperative to develop transport services as the Hernesaari and Telakkaranta area is projected to grow into an area with 7,300 residents and 3,700 jobs. Hernesaari is also projected to develop into a versatile hub of tourism and leisure activities around the areas waterfront park, marina and cruise ship business. The tram line project cost is estimated to be 16.9 million euros.
As of this May, visitors to the Finnish capital will be served by Tourist Information at two new locations. Tourist Information will focus even more on digital services and face-to-face interactions. Other seasonal services for visitors will also begin at the start of May.In addition to Helsinki Region Tourist Information at Helsinki Airport, tourist information services will be available at the Central Railway Station and inside Stockmanns department store beginning this May. The main Tourist Information office that has been located for the past fifty years on the Esplanade will move to the ticket hall of the historic Central Railway Station. The current office on the corner of Pohjoisesplanadi and Unioninkatu will remain open as normal until Sunday 22 April.In addition to the new office at the Central Railway Station, a MyHelsinki service point will be set up inside Stockmanns department store in the city centre. The new service point will offer digital services for finding information, as well as maps and brochures. The new locations will open in May. During the move, Tourist Information services will be available from Virka Info inside City Hall.Visitors rely on the internet these days to search for information, so the needs for traditional tourist information services have changed. At the same time, personal recommendations and face-to-face interactions are still a vital part of the visitor experience. Our new locations will help us serve visitors even better in the places where they are most likely to have questions, says Laura Aalto, CEO of Helsinki Marketing.Personal recommendations also digitally and courtesy of Helsinki HelpersHelsinki Marketing has taken major steps in the development of digital services for visitors. The award-winning MyHelsinki.fi website serves visitors in six languages, and all the content is based on local recommendations. In addition, services for Chinese visitors are also being developed in collaboration with Tencent, one of the worlds biggest digital service providers. Visitors to Helsinki in summertime are also served on the streets of the city by the Helsinki Helpers in their easily identifiable green jackets. This year they will begin their season already in May. In addition, tourist information will still be available in the historic centre of Helsinki during the summer season at the convenient Info Container by the Market Square. The Info Container will serve visitors next to the Havis Amanda fountain starting from Thursday 3 May. Tourist Information premises on the Esplanade now available to new tenantsFollowing the move to the Central Railway Station, the Tourist Information premises on the Esplanade will be available to new tenants. The Tori Quarters commercial district is currently looking for a suitable business for the premises, which occupy a prime location in the historic city centre.The Tourist Information office on the corner of Pohjoisesplanadi and Unioninkatu is without doubt one of the most attractive premises in the city centre. The location welcomes visitors coming from the Esplanade Park and Market Square to the historic Tori Quarters. We are looking for an attractive business that could further enhance the diverse offerings in the Tori Quarters for locals and visitors alike, says Peggy Bauer, Operative Director for the Tori Quarters commercial district. MyHelsinki
