Co-organized by the Heritage and Culture Education Center of Taipei (HCEC), Laosong Elementary School, and Wanhua Community College, the Resonance of Beiguan Music exhibition will take place on the second floor of HCEC from today until April 2.Beiguan music is a form of traditional music that existed in Taiwanese society through Qing Dynasty, Japanese Colonial Era, and into the postwar period. Described as the pop music of agricultural society during Taiwans earlier eras, Beiguan music exists in the forms of theatric-style Luantanxi and enthusiast performance groups known as Zidi Xuanshe.For Bangka area, Beiguan Music is best known with its association with the religious processing involving Bangka Qingshan Temples Qingshan King. The members of the Beiguan music group Bangka Yianshe serve as one of the heralds of the procession. The exhibition will recount the history of the group and showcase precious footages and artifacts from the early years, allowing visitors to learn more about the relations between the group and Qingshan Temple.According to HCEC, the Bangka Yianshe was founded in 1921. Approaching its centennial, the group hopes to raise community awareness on the traditional music form, as well as interest among kids and adults to learn Beiguan music. HCEC encourages visitors to pick up the instruments and enjoy hands-on experience with the music of the forefathers.In addition to the instruments, another item on display which will likely attract public attention is the giant flag boasting the design comprising nine gold dragons. There are also two hand-made Golden Dragon Triangular Flags on display which date back to the 1960s. These flags announce the presence of Yianshe to the spectators during the processions. Several lanterns  with the groups name written on the surface and carried at the front of the procession  are also showcased at the venue.On Saturday, March 18, there will be a Traditional Heavy Metal music appreciation event between 2 pm and 3 pm and a guided tour of the neighborhood between 10:30 AM and noon.
On March 14, the city government held a result presentation press event on Taipeis initiative to protect consumers rights for seniors as part of the effort to create a friendly environment for the elderly in addition to medical care and other services. According to the Department of Legal Affairs (DLA), the program has been implemented in line with the Guidelines for Senior Consumers Protection published by Executive Yuan. It involves three approaches:(A) Enforcing inspection of products and services targeting seniors, including supplementary foods, nursing facilities, transportation fares, and ticket prices for recreational purposes. (B) The Citys ombudsmen will visit borough offices to assist residents who have difficulties moving or writing to file complaints regarding consumer disputes and provide free examination of pre-need funeral packages. (C) The Citys ombudsmen will also conduct consumer issue awareness campaigns at community associations, activity centers, and other venues where the elderly congregate. DLA pointed out that inspection results indicate no irregularities regarding supplementary foods. However, as high as 60 percent of senior nursing institutions did not meet standards and have been asked to make improvements. As for preferential offers for cultural events, only Ta Chien Cinema and Miniatures Museum of Taiwan failed to provide seniors with half-price concessions. The Department of Information and Tourism and Department of Cultural Affairs will be responsible for dealing with the issue, seeking to amend Senior Citizens Welfare Act if necessary.  In response to media questions on bus services, ombudsman Ho Hsiu-lan noted that digital display and audio stop reminder equipment are areas which Public Transportation Office will inspect. The City will ensure the services are available for senior passengers.   
Led by Mayor Ko Wen-je, a city delegation comprising Deputy Mayor Charles Lin, Urban Development Commissioner Lin Jou-min, Transportation Commissioner Chang, Jer-yang, Economic Development Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh, Finance Commissioner Chen Chih-ming, and Public Transportation Section Chief Chu met with business representatives and private sector elites at the Nangang Software Parks International Conference Center on March 14.During his address, the mayor explained that after investing much effort into the West District Gateway Project over the past two years, the city government is ready to move on to a new phase of focusing in the eastern part of Taipei after the upcoming Universiade.Following the mayors address, Commissioner Lin of Urban Development Department briefed the audience on an overview of the development plans for East District and visions for the future. Transportation Commissioner Chang also presented a report on the comprehensive traffic plans, stressing the interconnection of public transportation spanning MRT, buses, bicycles, and short-distance transfer buses.Economic Development Commissioner Lin provided details on plans for industries listed under the East District Gateway Project, noting that the City will work closely with the Executive Yuans Asian Hub for Biotech Industry Development Project and has chosen the Former Zhongxiao Military Camp and City-owned Properties on the West Side as the main site. The location will have the added advantage of biotech industry cluster and traffic convenience, thanks to the new High-speed Rail station in Nangang which reduces commute time from northern Hsinchu to Nangang within 30 minutes.Follow the presentation, Mayor Ko and attending city officials took part in a symposium to answer questions from the audience and industry representatives. Deputy Mayor Lin presided over this session. 
Mayor Ko Wen-jo set out his public housing agenda when attending the Housing Justice Forum II on March 13. Ko pointed out that the construction for approximately 20,000 public housing units will begin during his tenure. He added that the tally of unoccupied homes in Taipei has reached 37,000 units, which calls for a calibrated housing policy to better address the high vacancy rate. Nonetheless, the mayor stressed the importance of government ownership of a particular number of houses, whether to be used as interim housing, to drive forward smart city industries, to introduce new types of communities, or as a platform for enhancing urban aesthetics.  On rental assistance, Ko reckoned that the City plans to subsidize residents with an amount based on respective income levels. Issues regarding budgeting and the method of implementing will require further examination. He added that the government should also provide incentives for owners of vacant housing as a means to boost the rental housing market.Speaking of property tax, Ko noted that the rates for units used for residential purposes should be reformed to reflect the true situations where property-hoarding may take place. It is not fair for someone who owns three properties to enjoy low rates. With the central government yet to propose improvement measures targeting the problem, the City will seek to realize housing justice through lowering uniform rates and self-occupied property rates.  The mayor also made a case for a major overhaul of the Citys urban renewal policies to adapt to todays standards. According to surveys, it will take over two thousand years for Taipei to complete all urban renewal projects. Residents also have unrealistic expectations that their old apartment will be replaced with a new one --even with a parking space--at no additional cost. Topics that people are concerned about, such as transfer of building capacity, will be brought up in the fourth forum, Ko remarked.  
On March 13, the Department of Sports (DOS) Deputy Commissioner Liu Ning-tian met with the members of the delegation from Yudaonsen Slipper Table Tennis Tournament. The group from Japans Yamaguchi Prefecture was led by Executive Chairperson Kimika Nishioka.The objective of the delegation is to promote the sixth Yudaonsen Indoor Slipper Table Tennis Tournament and the NITTAKU Cup Yudaonsen International Table Tennis Competition events slated for June 17 and 18, 2017.According to Chairperson Nishioka, the Yudaonsen Indoor Slipper Table Tennis Tournament is unlike standard table tennis matches. The contestant must play table tennis using slippers instead of table tennis pads and wear yukata (Japanese casual kimono). The highly challenging table tennis style is a tradition for Japanese hot spring resorts, and the event attracts over 400 participants nationwide each year. This year, the organizers seek to promote the tournament abroad while holding the NITTAKU Cup Yudaonsen International Table Tennis Competition at the same time. Hopefully, visiting tours will have the opportunity to experience Japanese culture along with enjoying the hot springs.In addition to welcoming the guests from Yamaguchi, DOS Deputy Commissioner Liu also invited the delegation members and the Japanese public to visit Taiwan in August, during the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei. 
Extensive sterilization measures have been implemented by the City across high-risk spots starting March 12 in response to the escalating bird flu outbreak. The move comes in the wake of a dead duck found in Bihu Park carrying the high pathogenic H5 avian influenza virus on March 11.   The high-risk spots span a 3-kilometer radius from the location extending outward from the confirmed. These include outdoor areas where bird congregate, as well as places where feeding or touching birds are common (for example parks, greens, riverbanks, and resident-reported locations). Clean-up of bird droppings and spray of disinfectants have been implemented at 18 spots, including parks and greens such as Bihu, Dahu, Shitan, Gangqian, Gangdu, Jinrui, Fushou, Donghu No.4, Mingmei, Tanmei, Shangwan, Xiawan, Ankang, Lehuo, Chenggong, Qingbai, Anxing, and Zhoumei.The City has mobilized staff from the Department of Environmental Protection, Parks and Street Lights Office, Hydraulic Engineering Office, and Animal Protection Office to conduct countermeasures to mitigate the impact of bird flu.  The public are also urged to cease bird-feeding activities and avoid releasing domestic ducks and geese into the citys parks. Violators will be fined between NT$1,200 and NT$6,000. When spotting dead birds, individuals should not touch the carcasses but call 1999 Citizen Hotline or Taipei City Animal Rescue Hotline 02-87913064 or 02-87913065 to seek assistance.
Being a part of the playground facility at Youth Park, the Space Fortress Slide received a complete overhaul and is back to serve young residents this month, offering additional new functions!As a major sports park of the city, the Youth Park boasts facilities spanning swimming pool, golf practice grounds, softball field, tennis court, basketball court, and roller skating rink. There are also several playground facilities for kids, including the Space Fortress slide. The upgrade of the Space Fortress includes the installment of a new sandbox. According to experts, sandboxes allow children to contact sand with their hands, thereby stimulating the development of their brain, as well as their innovation and creativity. There are also faucets for kids and adults to rinse their hands and feet.The fortress has been expanded from 4 to 6 castle pillars. The overall appearance is also more modern. Paintings of robots and space have been added to the interior parts on the first floor and the second floor roof of the complex.Parks and Street Lights Office Director Huang Li-yuan noted that the concept of kids playground changes with time. Through the process of playing, kids learn to interact with friends, society, and each other. The agency incorporates public participation and diversified playthings to create a park that provides kids with challenges, as well as opportunities for exploration and learning. 
The Department of Transportation (DOT) announced that the YouBike system will implement SMS notifications to remind individuals who have not returned the rented bicycle beyond four hours. According to statistics, the majority of phone call inquiries on YouBike service include rental history, bicycle borrowing or return, and whether payments have been successful. To remind users of rental time and to minimize controversies regarding fees incurred from not returning the vehicles, an SMS notification will be dispatched every hour to users who have not returned bikes starting the fourth hour. The messages will only be sent between 8 AM and 10 PM, avoiding unnecessary disturbance.     Users are also advised to download the YouBike App and sign up for membership. By logging on and selecting the Turn on Notifications feature, they will receive an automatic confirmation message in three minutes after accessing the YouBike rental or return service. For inquiries concerning the YouBike SMS service or use of the app, please visit the website of YouBike (www.youbike.com.tw)(Chinese) or call service hotline at 02-89785511 or 1999, ext. 5855.
To prevent the further spread of bird flu, the Council of Agriculture ordered a 7-day-long mandatory shutdown of poultry slaughterhouses around the nation. The Taipei Poultry Wholesale Market has adopted preventative measures and efforts on disinfection to ensure the safety of Taipeis poultry supply. It also redoubled efforts on monitoring the health certificate of entering poultry and sanitation checks of poultry slaughter.The poultry provided by Taipei Poultry Wholesale Market has all been inspected by vets and met inspection officials assigned by the Executive Yuan Council of Agricultures Bureau of Animal and Plant Health Inspection and Quarantine. The certified product also carries a label for identification purposes.To minimize the impact of bird flu upon poultry sales, Taipei Livestock Marketing Corporation and store representatives from Taipei Poultry Wholesale Market will join hands in organizing a free sesame oil chicken tasting event at Taipei Poultry Wholesale Market starting at 10 AM on March 12.In addition to inviting well-known chefs to the event, a total of 2,000 servings of chicken cooked in sesame oil will be given away to visitors, hoping to warm their stomach during the cold weekend.  Taipei Poultry Wholesale MarketAddress: No. 338, Section 2, Huanhe South Road, Wanhua District
The Department of Information Technology (DOIT) participated in the 2017 Taipei City Minan 3 and Summer Universiade Disaster Prevention Drill on March 8. It worked in conjunction with Shilin District Office, GEOSAT Aerospace & Technology, Edimax, DingZing, g0v online community, and other start-ups.The exercise involves scenarios spanning evacuation, power outage for households with disabled people, telecommunication support and restoration, relocation of residents, response measures in the event of communication disruption, and introduction of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) to establish an emergency communications system between disaster-affected areas and the outside world.    According to DOIT, UAVs were used to provide communications backup support during a disaster prevention drill at Daan Forest Park last year. Building on the success of the experience, the Minan 3 Drill also involves simulation of the following scenario: When the Central Weather Bureau issued a heavy rain advisory for the northern Taiwan, a series of responses will be enacted to cope with alerts regarding weather information reaching critical levels. One of the measures is to employ UAVs for inspecting the damage caused to infrastructure, and providing temporary wireless internet connection to shelters where the telecommunication cables have been destroyed by fallen road trees.         DOIT indicated that the agency will seek to coordinate with the Fire Department in making disaster prevention exercises an experiment opportunity for innovative technology and enlisting UAVs in the rescue crew. Hopefully, the public-private matchmaking results brought about by the smart city initiative will help to enhance the Citys disaster prevention capabilities and offer solutions to urban problems.    Watch the broadcast of drill operations at https://goo.gl/O2oUsk (Chinese) 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the 60th anniversary banquet of Taiwan Shiseido on March 8.During his address, the mayor noted that the company in Taiwan was established on a site along Renai Road back in 1957. It is considered the oldest cosmetic company in Taiwan. He praised the company for being in business for six decades and wished the event success. Ko remarked that the Taiwan Shiseido, with 60 years of history, is the Japanese brands first overseas operation. He also pointed out that the company is collaborating with 13 colleges and vocational schools on cooperative programs.Taiwan Shiseido also offers social care cosmetic seminars for elders and disabled individuals. The mayor lauded the company for not only being a successful enterprise, but also as one of the entities which are willing to take up social responsibilities. He expressed his gratitude to these businesses for their contributions.According to the mayor, statistics show that Asia accounts for half of the global cosmetic market, one of the major categories of cosmetics being care products: 80-percent of the earnings come from Asian markets. Taiwan Shiseido claims 25-percent of the cosmetic market in Taiwan, with over a third of its boutiques in Taipei City.Concluding his speech, Ko joked that he should evaluate whether Bravo (the Universiade Mascot) will require makeup as well. 
At the City Executive Meeting on March 7, Mayor Ko Wen-je announced that Taipei will start subsidizing rotavirus inoculation for eligible infants. An estimated 30,000 babies are expected to benefit from the new measure which takes effect on April 5, 2017. According to the Department of Health (DOH), infants domiciled in Taipei will be granted a subsidy of NT$2,100 for rotavirus vaccination. In addition, the service will be completely free for infants from low-income families, with major or rare illnesses, or special cases. Parents with eligible babies should produce (a) Taipei City Childrens Medical Subsidies Certificate, (b) the Childrens Health Manual,and (c) the National Health Insurance Card to access the service, which is available at designated clinics. Related information can be found on the official website of DOH. The mayor pointed out that rotavirus is a leading cause of diarrhea for infants and that inoculation is the most effect way to protect children against the infectious disease. In the past, only well-off families opted to have the babies inoculated. To further the principle of equal opportunity, the City designed the measure to allow disadvantaged kids to access the medical service at a time when low birth rates have posed a threat to national security for the island.The Division for Disease Control and Prevention noted that WHO has recommended the inclusion of rotavirus vaccine to national routine vaccinations programs, as the treatment is believed to be able to prevent as high as 85 percent of severe diarrhea among young children.  
At the invitation of Japans Shizuoka City, the Department of Sports (DOS) led a delegation to participate in the Shizuoka Marathon on March 5.The delegation was led by DOS Deputy Commissioner Tsai Pei-lin and comprised local athletes Vincent Li and Lai Yi-ting. The athletes showed outstanding performance at the event, claiming third and fifth places in respective categories.Since the signing of the friendship MOU between Taipei Marathon and Shizuoka Marathon on December 20, 2014, the two cities have been conducting marathon exchanges for three years. Through this visit, the two sides exchanged event organization experience and discussed topics ranging from athletes to administrative support approaches. The City delegation arrived in Shizuoka on March 3 and met with local diginitaries including Deputy Governor of Shizuoka Prefecture Akihito Yoshibayashi, Shizuoka City Mayor Nobuhiro Tanabe, City Council Leader Hiroyuki Kurita, and Shizuoka City Chamber of Commerce and Industry Chairman Kimio Sakai.In addition to meeting local leaders, the delegation also visited local sports facilities including Shizuokas Kusanagi Sports Complex and Nishigaya Sogo Athletic Field. 
Department of Transportation (DOT) is urging the public to abide by traffic regulations when cycling on sidewalks. A crackdown on bike riders who violate traffic rules is well underway.According to DOT, bicycles are classified as slow-moving vehicles. Article 124 of Rules on Road Traffic Safety stipulates that cyclists should keep to the right whether on slow-moving vehicle lanes or roadways without designated slow-moving vehicle lanes.In accordance with Article 90 of Road Traffic Management and Penalty Act, bicycles are not allowed on sidewalks. However,  roadway authorities may, as long as it does not impact safe passage or result in traffic concerns, set up right of way for slow-moving vehicles on sidewalks by signs or markings when necessary.In the event that the driver of a slow-moving vehicle fails to yield to pedestrians on walkways indicated by signs or markings to allow slow-moving vehicles to drive, he or she shall be fined from NT$300 to NT$600, according to Article 74 of Road Traffic Management and Penalty Act.  DOT noted that the City has implemented Nanjing, Songjiang, Fuxing, Xinyi, among other cycling trails, as part of its bid to create a safe environment for bicycle riders. Campaigns have been launched since January this year to promote rules and regulations governing bikes across the Citys cycling paths and walkways with designated bike lanes.A video clip on the etiquette of cycling (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqJlLUl2uPc&feature=youtu.be) is being aired on digital screens at department store, theaters, convenience stores, YouBike stations, libraries, and other channels. Traffic safety lectures have also been held at communities, schools, health centers, and logistics companies. 
Taipei Flowers Auction Co. (Taipei Flower Market) established sister ties with Osaka-based JF Hyogokenseika Inc. (Umeda Flower Wholesale Market) in a ceremony on March 6 to mark the 30th year anniversary of the capitals major flower wholesale market.During his address, Mayor Ko Wen-je reckoned that the twinning between the largest flower markets in Taiwan and Japan creates a win-win for both sides through closer collaboration and exchanges.     In a marketing campaign, Taipei Flowers Auction Co. released a short film with the theme of A Bouquet of Flowers that tells the story of how a bouquet of flowers changes people and their surroundings, Ko pointed out. Drawing parallels between the bouquet of flowers and Taipei Flower Market, he hopes the Citys residents will seek to improve their taste and quality of life through the power of blossoms, strengthening Taipeis image as a civilized and modern metropolis.   According to statistics, the production value of Japanese flower market is ten times the scale of Taiwans. Thanks to the development of online platforms, onsite sales account for only 20 percent of the total sales for the Umeda Flower Wholesale Market. With nearly 95 percent of floral products being sold directly at Taipei Flower Market, it is necessary for the City to look to Japan for its experience in e-commerce and logistics as a means of boosting online sales.The mayor also took the opportunity to emphasize the diverse roles that ought to be taken by Taipei Flower Market. The facility should be developed to provide educational, recreational, and cultural purposesfor example holding classes on the art of flower arrangement and transforming itself into an international hub of floral merchandise.
On March 5, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited Tugou Village in Tainan to learn about the Citys effort in community empowerment. It was the second day of his official visit to the southern municipality for experience sharing and exchange in city governance.  Stressing the importance of open-mindedness and inclusiveness, the mayor noted that the trip seeks to explore the different approaches a city government adopts to promote community empowerment. Thus, Tainans knowhow will serve as reference for Taipei when implementing policies in related areas. Reflecting on the capitals community empowerment strategies, Ko pointed out that his administration has shifted from a top-down approach to a more bottom-up model. Instead of imposing the governments plans on commercial districts or night markets, the city government encourages local development organizations to take an active role in submitting proposals, so as to avoid opposition from locals when implementing community improvement projects.During his visit to the Blueprint Cultural & Creative Park the previous day, Ko reckoned that Taipei-based businesses have been exploring Tainans cultural products of great commercial potential and introduced them to the capital market where international visitors contribute to a considerable proportion of the sales of such merchandise. He added that Taipei serves as a window to the world, citing the exhibition of an artwork at 2017 Taipei International Lantern Festival that was originally made in Tugou Agricultural Village Museum.The mayor also visited the 2017 Taiwan International Orchids Show to learn about how Tainan drives forward the high economic value industry of orchid cultivation.
On March 4, Mayor Ko Wen-je led a city delegation on a visit to Tainan City Government and met with his counterpart William Lai.During his address, the mayor praised Lai for integrating the historical and cultural heritage of Tainan City with tourism, developing tours with local characteristics under his administration. He noted that the purpose of the visit is to exchange experience with Tainan City Government on issues ranging from city tourism, science park development, human-centered traffic policy, and the 2017 Summer Universiade.Ko pointed out that Taiwan is very small, and there are many opportunities for collaboration. He hopes that todays visit will offer the opportunity for city officials of the two municipalities to get to know each other.Speaking about his two-year-long experience as Taipeis mayor, Ko noted that he has invested much effort in changing the political culture in other words, doing the right things and avoid doing the wrong things. He mentioned many times during the City Executive Meetings that the political objective spans the following: civil servants serve the people, as well as making the government trustworthy, the judicial system fair, where law is for people to follow, prisons a place to lock up the guilty ones, and cops responsible for arresting those who commit crimes.Lai expressed his gratitude to the members of the visiting delegation. He recalled that Taipeis emergency rescue personnel and volunteers contributed to the overall rescue effort during the major earthquake last year, and large amounts of donations from the residents of Taipei helped the recovery efforts as well.He also noted that the event set three records  the largest delegation from Taipeis administration to conduct exchange with Tainan City, the exchange between the political and economic capital with the cultural capital, and the meeting of two mayors who were both doctors.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je lauded the extension of the capital circle with the launch of Taoyuan International Airport MRT (AMRT) and made a case for the integration of Taoyuan and Songshan airports while attending the inauguration ceremony for the AMRT on March 2.According to Ko, the commencement of the new mass rapid transit line not only signals a more closely connected relationship between Taoyuan and Taipei, but also allows for facilitated check-in at A1 Taipei Main Station for passengers traveling aboard. Taking over 20 years to complete, the AMRT can be attributed to the effort by a great number of unsung heroes, noted Ko. On its part, Taipei City Government has hastened the implementation of the Beimen-centered West District Gateway Project, which is slated for completion in June. Visitors who ride the AMRT and alight at Taipei Main Station will be greeted with a brand-new landscape. Speaking of methods on maximizing the use of the new mass transit line, the mayor pointed out that the capacity of Taoyuan Airport40 million visitors a year--should be taken into consideration for the development of AMRT. However, MRT systems should not be the only answer to traffic problems, stressing the importance of coordinating other public transportation resources such as roads and railways. Regarding the issue of AMRTs expedited check-in service having yet to include all airlines, Ko pointed out that economies of scale is the main concern and that there is still room for improvement. Nevertheless, the service has delivered satisfying performance on the first day of operation. Taoyuan Mayor Chen Wen-tsan echoed Ko by pointing out that more tests will be conducted across the AMRT network to locate any possible shortcomings, such as drain pipe leaks. These problems will be dealt with accordingly.  
In light of the upcoming Zhuzihu Calla Lily Festival, the Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) reminded the public to take public transportation to the area to minimize impact on local traffic and maximize their enjoyment at the beautiful tourist attraction sporting blooming calla lilies on Yangmingshan.GEO recommends to starting the hike at Dinghu, which offers an amazing view of the smoky Xiaoyoukeng. From there, visitors can enjoy a walk on the Dinghu Circular Trail and try out the brand-new Yangming Creek Creekside Trail as well. In addition, there are also facilities such as the circular trail for both pedestrians and cyclists along Qixing Mountain, the Calla Lily Circular Creekside Trail in the vicinity of Xiahu, and the Lake-bottom Circular Trail spanning several hundred meters at the base of the lake. The Zhuzihu community has also received top honors from LivCom in the area of Liveable Communities. According to Chief Tsao Chang-cheng of Hutian Borough, Zhuzihu is part of the Datun Mountain Range and boasts great weather across the year. The community neighbors astounding volcanic landscape, which is further enhanced by its diverse animal and plant population. The community has worked closely with the city government in arranging events such as the Calla Lily Festival, Hydrangea Festival, and Sunflower Festival.Directions: Take the Red Line to MRT Beitou Station and transfer to Bus S9, or take the Red Line to MRT Shipai Station and transfer to Bus S8. Visitors can also take public buses 108, 109, 110, 230, 260, or R5 to Yangmingshan Terminal and transfer to Bus S9. For those taking either Bus S8 or S9, disembark at either Hutian Elementary School bus stop or Zhuzihu bus stop. 
The Department of Social Welfare (DSW) has launched the Relief Supplies Donation Map pilot program to time with the 2017 Minan 3 and Summer Universiade disaster prevention drill.An online platform has been established for the project in collaboration with the online community g0v, seeking to provide the public with the latest information regarding the availability, shortage, or oversupply of relief materials. The approach aims to increase the efficiency of relief management and facilitate delivery of supplies to the displaced in the event of major disasters.DSW invites members of the pubic to participate in the initiative by accessing the website (https://bifrostio.herokuapp.com)(Chinese) between March 1 and 10. They will help test the features and functions of the website while assisting the Garden of Hope Foundation to collect relief supplies for the disadvantaged.       The Relief Supplies Donation Map pilot program will involve the following: DSW will first post instant information on whats needed on the website. Those who would like to help can visit the page to check the status of relief item stock and select the category and amount they wish to donate. Follow the instructions on the website and send the goods to designated locations. Upon confirmation, collectors will email donation receipts to the donators.    All goods will be delivered to the distribution center on the day of the drill, after which the relief supplies will be managed by the Garden of Hope Foundation and dispatched to those with needs.
The Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) is working with the Friends of Daan Forest Park Foundation to release young glowworms and river snails into the small eco pond at Daan Forest Park, hoping to recreate a past that has gone missing for over 25 years.According to PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan, Taipei City is the first in the world to experience success in implementing a firefly restoration program in urban settings. In recent years, the City implemented numerous efforts to resurrect local firefly populations, including projects at Cui Lake in Muzha Park, the eco pond in Rongxing Park, and the eco pond at Daan Forest Park  all habitats in urban areas for the firefly species Luciola ficta .The restoration attempt at Daan Forest Park involves the combined efforts of the Daan Forest Park Foundation, the city government, and the Department of Entomology at National Taiwan University.   Director Yang Shu-hui of the Youth Park Management Office remarked that the remaining water bodies located inside what is todays Daan Forest Park used to be the living grounds for a small number of Luciola ficta. The success of the firefly restoration project demonstrates the Citys commitment to our environment. In the future, species restoration efforts will be extended to cover indigenous species spanning Mullers barbet, crested hawk, tree frog, and rhinoceros beetle. 
The Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) noted that the city government has kicked-off an anti-hidden camera campaign targeting the citys public restrooms at parks to protect women from spy cams when accessing public toilets.The campaign has been carried out in accordance with Prevention of Pinhole Photographing at the Public Places in Taipei City, a regulation taking effect on September 1, 2002.     PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan pointed out that the agency conducts at least one or two hidden camera detection checks per month utilizing anti-surveillance equipment at the 98 parks within the jurisdiction of Taipei City. In 2016 alone, a total of 1,764 detection activities were implemented by individual park management facilities, with detectors performing 620 spot-checks targeting these facilities to reduce the threat of peeping Toms and ensure the privacy of women restrooms. To date no spy gadgets have been found in the Citys public toilets. A resident of Beitou District surnamed Lin noted that Taipeis measures against the installation of pinhole cameras at parks and the Citys effort in publishing updated detection results have allowed her to use public restrooms with a heightened sense of security, especially at toilets located in the remote mountainous areas.   
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the Memorial Service organized by the central government marking the 70th year since the 228 Incident. Dignitaries attending the event include President Tsai Ing-wen, Mayor Ko Wen-je, and surviving family members of victims. During his address, the mayor noted that the public should adopt a positive attitude of recognizing a problem to solve it when facing this tragic history, avoiding a repeat of history in the future as well as creating more problems for each other. Speaking to the audience amidst heavy rain, the mayor shed tears as he recounted his grandfathers fate during the incident. He remarked that the event created much hardship for the victims families and silenced peoples voices in Taiwanese society for a long period. Even today, there are still gaping wounds within many people which have yet to be healed.Even though the government invested much effort in restoring honors to a number of the victims and paying reparations, the historical conflict which has only victims but no aggressors is still unable to soothe the pain of victims and surviving family members.Ko believes that the hatred should come to an end with this generation and help the surviving family members of victims assuage the painful memories. He also proposed to infuse 228 with a new meaning for future generation, making Taiwanese society more united and harmonious on this date. He recalled that he completed the 250 km bicycle ride on this day last year, hoping to encourage Taiwanese people to work together and resurrecting the spirit of the seafarer nation, emphasizing to the world the fearlessness of locals about taking on challenges. At the end of his address, the mayor stressed that this is our common home and that Taiwanese should be the master of this land, where Taiwanese can decide their own fate and create a new world of fairness and justice. While we all have out different past, we can still work together to confront challenges and join hands to walk together to a new future.  
As a highlight of the 2017 Smart City Expo now taking place at Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center, the VR City Cultural Guide featured at the Taipei City Government Booth has drawn great interest from visitors.The immersive virtual reality tours spotlight tourist attractions including Beitou Hot Spring Museum, Sin Hong Choon tea house, Zhongshan Hall Taipei Lecture, Hall, and Sun Yun-suan Memorial Museum. Individuals who put on the VR headset will be able to take a dip in the famed Beitou hot spring, sip tea at the citys former tea factory while learning about tea production techniques, as well as exploring the rich Chinese culture and humanities in a refined atmosphere at the historic building of Zhongshan Hall.   Through the employment of 3D surrounding and VR technologies, coupled with text, graphic, and audio markings, visitors will experience a merging of the real and the virtual of the living culture of Taipei. The approach also serves to promote city tourism.According to Department of Information Technology (DOIT) Commissioner Lee Wei-bin, Taipei has strived to develop smart services through public-private partnership in an attempt to address urban problems with technology and at the same time seek to strengthen the relationship between residents and the citys cultural treasure.The virtual reality applications have also been used, through teaming up with startups, for educational purposes that allow users to study chemistry, biology, geology, and other otherwise dull subjects in a more vivid and interesting method.
Wondering where to spend the 228 holiday long weekend? Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) invites the public to seize the last opportunity to visit the CNY Flowers Exhibition at CKS Shilin Residence. CKS Shilin Residence Park is Taipeis first ecological park and a popular tourist attraction of Taiwan, PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan reckoned. As an island which has earned a reputation as an orchid kingdom, indigenous orchids take center stage at the Parks CNY Flower Exhibition every year. The exhibition boasts more than 400 seasonal plants in over 20 varieties, spanning moth orchids, daffodils, Kalanchoe, Kumquat trees, and bonsais. In addition, CKS Shilin Residence has heralded spring with vibrant life everywhere. Residents are invited to take a stroll in the Park to immerse themselves in the midst of rose and plum blossoms.CNY Flower Exhibition Date and Time: 8:30 AM  5 PM, January 28  February 28Location: New Orchid Pavilion at CKS Shilin Residence ParkAddress: No. 60, Fulin Rd.Transportation:MRT: Exit 2 of MRT Shilin Station, a 7-minute walkBus Stops: Taipower Taipei North Branch, CKS Shilin Residence, or Xiaobei Street 
 The 2017 Smart City Mayors Summit came to a climax when Taipei joined 22 city leaders and ICT industry representatives in signing the 2017 Smart City Taipei Declaration at Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center on February 23. The dignitaries hail from nations such as the US, the UK, France, Paraguay, New Zealand, Serbia, Hungary, Belize, the Philippines, Indonesia, Malaysia, and others. Taipei also inked a Memorandum of Understanding with Greenwich and Peterborough. The three cities expressed interest to jointly promote smart technologies, realize sustainable urbanization, and enhance public service effectiveness. The two-day Summit featured experience sharing and discussion on topics spanning smart city governance, public participation, and industry development among city leaders from home and abroad, laying a solid foundation for future cooperation and exchanges. According to Deputy Mayor Charles Lin, the city government has worked to introduce smart technologies to public housing, promote the use of electric motorcycles and cars as part of the sharing economy initiative, as well as implementing smart hospitals, smart buses, and smart healthcare. The content of the 2017 Smart City Taipei Declaration is as follows: 1. Seeking to realize sustainable development and smart life with smart city as the vision 2. Boosting industry-government-academia collaboration through smart city exchanges 3. Introducing smart technologies to urban development, achieving the objective of smart life 4. Encouraging smart technology innovation and nurturing start-ups through implementation of smart infrastructure 5. Realizing environmental sustainability through smart city construction 
As a measure to market Taipei, Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) has launched a new product at the Citys souvenir shopBeimen Cookiesin collaboration with I-MEI Foods.Employing the technique of etching, the cookie bears patterns of Taipeis iconic images including the MRT and Taipei 101. The cookies are wrapped in a folded paper box designed to resemble the structure and look of Beimen, or the North Gateone of the ancient walls of Taipei. The historical site, which retains its original appearance, is reminiscent of the Citys old stories.  Priced at NT$150, the limited-edition Beimen Cookies are currently only available at the souvenir shop on the City Halls ground floor. Come while stock lasts! In addition, those with a purchase of NT$200 at the shop will receive a badge, and individuals who make purchases of NT$1,200 will even get a Bravo dollthe mascot bear for the Universiade.      For inquiries about city souvenirs, please visit www.travel.taipei or call 1999 Citizen Hotline, Ext. 8627. The shop opens 9 AM to 5 PM from Monday to Friday, and 10 AM to 5 PM on the weekend.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je shared with dignitaries from Taiwan and abroad his experience of promoting smart city at the 2017 Smart City Mayors Summit on February 21.During his address, the mayor noted laid out plans to make Taipei a livable city through the implementation of smart city policies. Incorporating smart technologies, the city government will endeavor to improve civil services, meet peoples needs, and position Taipei as an innovation hub as well as a youth IPO center in Asia. The effort will create a triple-win for the government, the residents, and the industry.   A series of measures have been taken to realize the vision, including the establishment of Smart City Commission, Taipei Smart City Project Management Office, and the IoT experimental platform the implementation of Smart Public Housing, Smart Eco Community, and Smart Railway Station. Ko reckoned out that the city government also serves as a platform to integrate public and private resources. Public housing, for example, has been promoted as an experimental field for innovative applications through public-private partnership.   Regarding the advancement of financial technology, Ko remarked that the city government has also spearheaded in the development of an integrated smart payment systempay.taipei. Expected to go alive in the first quarter this year, the platform will allow users to pay roadside parking fees, water bills, Taipei City Hospital service fees, and others, in a more efficient and convenient manner.
To time with the Arbor Day, Neishuangxi Nature Center will be holding the Forest LOHAS Carnival on March 12. Kids aged 7 or over are invited to take part in the event to learn about the relationship between humans and forests and the importance of forest protection.  According to Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO), the significance of Arbor Day lies not only in planting trees but in educating the public on the role of forests in maintaining ecological balance. Forest Recreation Section Chief Sun Shu-hsia noted that the carnival will feature games in which children paricipate to win prizes. Players who complete tasks on the day of the event will be able to bring home a sapling. Those who accomplish missions specified in the activity pamphlet by June 30 will receive yet another gift!  Other highlights of the Carnival include sampling of homemade delicacies by local farmers and forest conservation groups as well as hands-on activities in which participants can try their hands at making traditional toys.Online registration starts 12:30 PM on February 23 at http://neishuangxi.blogspot.tw/ (Chinese). Onsite registration is also available on the day of the event. The event is free of charge. For inquiries, please write to nsx.service@eeft.org.tw or call (02)2841-4705, Ext. 12.
With a growing interest in mobile payments, Department of Information Technology (TPEDOIT) announced on February 18 that the city government will launch the smart payment platform pay.taipei in the first quarter of 2017 in collaboration with eight industry players.The eight businesses involved in the project are GAMA PAY, JKOS.COM, iapppay, Pi Wallet, allPay, ezPay, Taishin International Bank, and E.SUN Bank. Neweb Technologies is responsible for the development of the payment system.According to DOIT, residents will be able to pay roadside parking fees, water bills, Taipei City Hospital service fees, among others, through pay.taipei. In the future, the platform will further collaborate with Taiwan Clearing House to expand the service scope, making payments possible ranging from cable TV bills, insurance premiums, to telecom charges via Taipei Card verification.Statistics indicate that the city government pays an average of NT$137 million in service fees to collection agencies every year. Roadside parking fees, water bills, and medical service fees account for 97.3% of the total amount. The launch of pay.taipei is expected to help reduce the cost of service fees for the city government.    
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press event for the completion of the Tianmu Baseball Stadiums overhaul on February 21.Ko noted that the 2017 Summer Universiade will take place at 60 stadiums and arenas across five municipalities, including Taipei City, New Taipei City, Taoyuan City, Hsinchu County, and Hsinchu City. Construction for the venues are slated for completion by the end of April.  The mayor pointed out that Tianmu Baseball Stadium, inaugurated in 1999, has been in use for 17 years. The international sports event presents an opportunity for the old facility to receive a facelift, with renovation encompassing air-conditioning, interior design, fire equipment, among other public facilities. The overall cost for the revamp is NT$120 million.In line with the Citys policy to discourage the use of disposable tableware and the purchase of bottled water, a total of six drinking fountains have also been installed inside the stadium. Not only has the stadium taken on a new look, it has also become safer place with the upgrade of infrastructure.According to Ko, Tianmu Baseball Stadium will host the final of the baseball tournament for the Universiade. With the venue readily prepared, he hopes the local team will strive to win the gold medal on home soil. Speaking on the possible impact on the Tianmu neighborhood brought upon by the warm-up events and baseball games during the Universiade, the mayor pleaded for tolerance and understanding from residents, noting that the city government will strengthen communication with local communities. 
On February 18, Mayor Ko Wen-je assumed the role of a one-day community doctor when he visited a group of solitary and disadvantaged seniors to learn about their health conditions, needs, and difficulties they encounter. According to Ko, people aged 65 or over account for 410,000 of Taipeis total population. An estimated 12.7% of them are incapacitated, approximately 52,000 people. He noted that not every elder person has access to the rich medical resources of Taiwan, citing the the case of a centenarian he just visited, who finds it difficult to visit the hospital on a daily basis due to mobility problems.   The mayor reckoned that his administration has sought to implement policies allowing communities to play a more significant role in providing medical services. In light of this, Taipei City Hospital will be developed to become a truly community-centered hospital focusing on improving healthcare at the neighborhood level. The city government will also work to establish a more sound home care system encompassing medical treatment, nursing, rehabilitation, and even hospice care.Answering media questions regarding his visits to the elderly, Ko remarked that he was able to discover problems through personal contact with the seniors. For example, he noted that it is imperative the City should provide them with more friendly and accessible medical resources. The mayor also made a case for facilitated renovation of old apartment buildings and the installation of elevators, stressing that a great number of seniors dwell in buildings with staircases only, which discourages them from seeking medical service away from home. 
The cherry blossoms at Lehuo Park have come to full bloom after the Lantern Festival! According to Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO), the Lehuo Cherry Blossom Walkway has become an important site in Taipei to enjoy the blooming flowers. The walkway established under the joint efforts of the local borough chief and Neigou River Beautifying Association, PSLO provided additional support by installing 32 street lights in the area to illuminate the walkway and the cherry blossom trees after dark.Director Huan Li-yuan of PSLO noted that the agency installed power-saving LED lights to allow better viewings of the cherry blossoms at night. He added that the site has attracted many photography enthusiasts during flower season. According to the director, the best angle for taking photos is from the entrance of the walkway from Kangle Street looking upstream. Furthermore, to minimize the impact of visitors upon the community, the street lights will operate between 6 PM and 10 PM. This policy also contributes to energy conservation and carbon emission reduction.PSLO reminds the public to help protect parks by paying attention to their surroundings when taking pictures and moving. Hopefully, when they enjoy the beautiful scenery of the park, they will not enter the greens or disturb trees and plants. 
Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) announced that application for the Citys Urban Farm Installation Subsidy Program this year will expire on March 1. At least five teams will be selected to receive the governments assistance and subsidies for the implementation of their proposals. According to PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan, the Farm City campaign aims to raise awareness on environmental sustainability, food and agriculture education, human-nature relationship, while encouraging interaction among people. At the information meetings and workshops held to promote the program on February 6 and 13, experts from related industries were invited to share with participants the knowhow to incorporate the concepts of green energy and waste reduction, social connections, as well as urban ecology into the urban farm projects. During the workshops, Kao Chia-hong from Taiwan Small & Medium Wind Turbine Association shared his expertise in how to apply green energy and waste reduction to urban farm facilities. Liu Chin-hung, a staunch advocate of urban agriculture, emphasized the positive influence of urban farming on community empowerment. Educator Kang Chi-wen gave instructions on the methods to select gardening materials and talked about the importance of vegetation. To learn more about the application requirements and to download the application form, please visit https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B3MilwyWm_EtY1VmWF95RlpvSlk (Chinese). 
On February 17, Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the press conference for the inauguration of Taipei Energy Hill. He noted that a nuclear-free homeland is a vision, but must not remain a slogan and needs to be implemented and realized. The mayor noted that Taipei Energy Hill used to be a landfill comprising 3 hectares. With 8,000 solar power panels installed over a 3-month period starting September last year, the facility began power generation on January 10. As of today, the facility has generated 153,000 kWh of solar power. On the first half of the day, the facility has already provided 3,010 kWh.He added that the city government will continue to implement green energy modes in the future. With private companies providing funding and city government providing land, the public-private partnership will jointly stimulate the development of sustainable and green energy in Taipei. The Taipei Energy Hill can be considered as the nations first large scale solar power plant.At the end of his address, Ko expressed his gratitude to those who contributed to the creation of Taipei Energy Hill. The entire implementation process took only several months, bearing witness to the city governments efficiency. In the future, facilities for leisure, entertainment, and education will be added, making Taipei Energy Hill a new tourist attraction.Responding to media questions about the distribution of electricity produced by the project between the partners, Ko reiterated that the City provides the land and Tatung Corporation invests capital. The electricity produced at the site is sold to Taipower. Under the agreement, the city government receives a rebate equivalent to 10-percent of the total electricity generated.  
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) is launching the City/County Week campaign for the Maokong Gondola between February 21 and June 11! Individuals who ride the gondola during the week designated to the municipality where he/she is domiciled will be eligible to enjoy a single ride on the liftregardless of distance--for NT$50 only! Passengers are required to produce ID documents indicating respective residency at any of the information counters across the Maokong Gondola network to purchase the discounted ticket. According to TRTC, the duration of the respective preferential offers available for individual municipalities varies from one to three weeks, based upon the population of municipalities published by the Ministry of the Interior. In addition, considering factors such as distance and transportation accessibility, TRTC has purposely arranged for Pingtung, Taitung, Hualien, and Penghu among others to enjoy the discount timed with consecutive holidays. Residents from these cities or counties will be able to visit Maokong Gondola on a more relaxed schedule and avoid crowds. TRTC reminds the public that the NT$50 per ride offer also applies to seniors aged 65 or over, children aged 6-12, people with disabilities, and indigenous people aged 55 or over who are domiciled in Taipei. For more information, please call the TRTC 24-hour customer service hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizen Hotline.  Maokong Gondola City/County Week Campaign    Municipality   Period       Pingtung County/City   February 21 - 27     Hualien County/City     Taitung County/City     Penghu County     Kinmen County     Lienchiang County     Kaohsiung City   February 28  March 12     Nantou County/City   March 14 - 19     Miaoli County     Hsinchu County/City   March 21 - 26     Tainan City   March 28  April 3     Chiayi County/City   April 4 - 9     Yunlin County     Taoyuan City   April 11 - 23     Changhua County/City   April 25  May 1     New Taipei City   May 2 - 21     Taichung City   May 23  June 4     Yilan County/City   June 5 - 11     Keelung City      
Following a recent fire in Taoyuan City claiming 2 lives, another fire in Taipei on the morning of February 12 also resulted in a casualty from hiding in the bathroom. Taipei City Fire Department stressed that in addition to reminding people of the importance of installing smoke alarms, boosting disaster preparedness and escape time, it is equally important to educate the public on evacuation concepts and actions. Fire statistics over the past decade indicate that the locations seeing the most number of casualties during fires are respectively bedrooms (51.2%), living rooms (12.8%), and bathrooms (10.5%). According to the Fire Department, typical bathrooms will leave openings for the purpose of ventilation, which makes them ineffective in keeping out smoke during fires. In addition, with the majority of bathroom doors being made from wood or plastic, they are unable to keep out the flames. Finally, most bathrooms do not have outward-facing window. The lack of fresh air and ventilation may further endanger the lives of those fleeing the flames.When residents notice a fire outside the room and large amount of smoke prevents escape, they should immediately shut the door and use clothing or blankets to barricade any opening to prevent more smoke from entering. If there are windows or openings in the room facing outside, they should immediately open it and call 119. After providing information on their locations, they should wait for the rescuers. People often react in fear and confusion in an environment of heat, high temperature, and smoke. Therefore, keeping track of escape routes and identifying more than one exit on a regular basis is the key to protecting oneself and family members. To help the public acquire safety tips during fires, the Fire Department has published the Taipei Fire Prevention Go pamphlet. To download a free digital copy of the pamphlet, please visit either the disaster prevention website (http://www.eoc.gov.taipei/EOC)(Chinese) or the Fire Departments Chinese website (http://www.119.gov.taipei/).
Mayor Ko Wen-je joined his Taoyuan counterpart Cheng Wen-tsan in taking a ride on Taoyuan International Airport MRT (AMRT) from Taipei Main Station to Airport Terminal 2 Station on February 15. Currently operating on trial basis, the new mass rapid transit line will begin official operations on March 2.Ko noted that the inauguration of the AMRT marks a milestone for the capital circle by extending the mass transit network to Taoyuan. The launch of the service also makes the relocation of Taipei Songshan Airport even more relevant. Taipei and Taoyuan will work to solicit support from Executive Yuan, urging the central government to coordinate implementation of the project.  Regarding the ride, Ko described the trip as smooth and cozy with excellent quality. Cheng echoed his words by speaking highly of the ride, adding that free rides will be available starting February 16. He is confident that AMRT will achieve set targets.  Concerning amenities on the trains, Ko told the media that he found the power sockets a considerate design. He also praised the free WIFI accesss good connection, reckoning that he has asked Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation to provide WIFI onboard MRT trains by the end of the year.Ko also assured passengers of the convenience of the baggage check-in service, noting that AMRT staff will be stationed at the counter to assist passengers with the self-help service during the first few months following AMRTs official launch.Speaking of suggestions for AMRT, Ko advised Cheng that the two municipalities should establish a joint task force dedicated to handling issues that might arise when the new line enters official operations, to ensure facilitated response to any possible situations. He also made a case for increasing the capacity of the AMRT, from coping with 2,500 riders a day currently to at least 10 million riders a year.
The city government is joining hands with Taipei Computer Association to organize the 2017 SMART CITY exhibition at the TWTC Nangang Exhibition Hall between February 21 and 24.The exhibition is the largest smart city exchange platform in the world. Not only did the event attract participation from cities in the UK, the US, the Netherlands, Spain, Italy, and countries in Southeast Asia 54 dignitaries from 29 nations will also be visiting Taipei to attend events related with the exhibition. The Smart City Mayors Summit, slated for February 21 and 22, will see six leaders from Taiwan and 50 leaders of municipalities spanning 29 nations engaged in experience exchange. Department of Information Technology Commissioner Lee Wei-bin remarked that Taipei City established the Smart City Project Management Office to better understand the needs of residents, conduct matchmaking for industries with experimental fields, and bring in more companies and enterprises to explore possible application for smart city policies, thereby creating a Taipei Smart City brand.During his address at the 2017 Smart City Expo pre-event press conference, Deputy Mayor Charles Lin noted that Taiwan requires capabilities to create systemization if it hopes to industrialize smart city-related services. The government will need to work closely with the industry and do its best to provide them with an environment offering the best industry chain. By implementing smart city policies, the city government allows more residents to access smart services.  For more information on the upcoming expo, please visit the official website at: http://smartcity.org.tw/index_en.php?PHPSESSID=4fp6jma4e5aoeol82bjgjk50j3. 
The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) held a presentation on the achievements of the Taipei City Hotel Enhancement Program on February 13.Launched in 2015, the program aims to provide one-stop assistance to the citys hotelsforty-percent of which have been in business for 15 years or moreto help them transform and attract customers. Over 60 hoteliers expressed their interest to participate in the program. Six of them were selected, including Atami Hotel Taipei Onsen, Empire Hotel, Macchi Hotel, East Dragon Hotel, Hansome Business Hotel, and Bayman Hotel.The measure comes at a time when the accommodation industry has evolved from sheer providers of lodging to ones delivering a travel experience more centered on friendly tourism and cultural appeal.  TPEDOIT incorporated professional management knowhow, one-stop consultation, and systemized courses spanning six major facets to help with the hotels upgrade, including connecting with international room booking websites, improving room service quality, room arrangement skills and customer experience, interior design and refurbishment, and environmental protection and energy conservation. According to TPEDOIT Commissioner Chien Yu-yen, the most effective way for a hotel to communicate with its customers is through approaches such as connecting with major online booking platforms, setting up an official website, and engaging in digital marketing. Employee trainingencompassing a range of SOPs spanning housekeeping to customer relations to crisis management--also plays an important role in enhancing service quality. With the city governments assistance, the participating hotels will be able to make the right investment for upgrading software and hardware. Also, by infusing local elements and cultural creativity, these establishments will have a chance to rekindle peoples interest and boost business.   
Following the dismantling stage climaxing with the removal of Zhongxiao Bridge ramp last year, the West District Gateway Project is entering the stage of rebuilding this year. Mayor Ko Wen-je made his first trip to the Airport MRT on February 15 to personally experience the first view of Taipei Traval Plaza after exiting the A1 exit of the line.According to Director Huang Li-yuan of the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO), the West District Gateway Project comprises the overhaul of the section starting from North Gate to Taipei Railway Station and all the way to the site of former Taipei City Council. PSLO inaugurated the Taipei Travel Plaza prior to the Chinese New Year holiday and ahead of the official opening of the Airport MRT. It also continues to work on the renovation of the area surrounding North Gate, which is slated for completion by mid-July.According to Chief Hung Feng-chin of PSLO Public Works Section, the Jiao-6 Plaza was officially named the Taipei Travel Plaza after reaching the decision through i-voting. From this location, individuals will be able to take in the surrounding landscape comprising North Gate, Taipei Railway Station, station-front commercial area, and National Taiwan Museum. It also serves as a green living room for visitors from other areas of Taiwan when they transit to other areas within the city parameters.The plaza is also within walking distance from other historical sites such as Qing Dynastys Machinery Bureau and Futai Street Mansion and Japanese Colonial Eras Railway Ministry, Taipei Post Office, OSK (Osaka Shosen Kaisha) Taipei Office, and Mitsui Warehouse. 
In response to the fatal traffic accident involving a tour bus overturning at the exit ramp connecting to Freeway No. 5 on February 13, the city government established a second-level Emergency Operation Center (EOC) at 10 PM to coordinate rescue effort.The incident caused at least 33 deaths and 12 injuries.Mayor Ko Wen-je visited the EOC, Wanfang Hospital, Taipei Medical University Hospital, and Taipei City Mortuary Services Office Second Funeral Parlor to learn about the overall situation. Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji arrived at the scene to take charge of rescue operations. Answering media questions about the city governments response, Ko remarked that the Taipei established a cross-agency communication system through phone and LINE app immediately following the incident. Injured passengers were taken to six hospitals, while the Department of Social Welfare (DSW) dispatched staff to the hospitals to provide assistance. In addition, the Second Funeral Parlor will set up an emergency center for forensic autopsy and investigation-related work.   Regarding the issue of passenger identity, the mayor stressed that the priority is to rescue survivors, ensuring that the wounded are properly treated and the deceased taken good care of. Non-emergency issues will be addressed at a later time.    DSW Commissioner Hsu Li-min noted that those injured in the incident will receive NT$5,000 each in emergency allowances from the city government, while the family of the fatalities will receive NT$20,000.
On February 12, Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the ground-breaking ceremony for sections CQ840 and CQ850A of MRT Wanda Line. During his speech, the mayor noted that the start of works at these two sites symbolizes that construction of Taipeis portion of the new MRT line is underway. He emphasized that this is a statement of the city regarding the implementation of its revitalization project for Zhongzheng and Wanhua districts as well.He noted that the overhaul of the North Gate is slated for completion by June of 2017. At that time, visitors will notice the entire landscape around the area has changed and North Gate will serve as an iconic landmark of Taipei just like how tourists think of the Arc de Triomphe when they think of Paris.With the North Gate serving as the core, the renovation project extends northward with the revamp of the Jiancheng Circle, Dalong Public Housing, and Dalong Market. The overhaul of Minglun Public Housing will kick-off next month as well. The mayor added that almost every mayor would visit the Lanzhou Public Housing as election year nears, but the question of renovation has been left unanswered for decades. He noted that the overhaul of the complex will start in 2018 at the latest. Even the development project for Shezidao is also entering the environmental evaluation stage. Heading south, the challenging reconstruction of the Huannan Market has begun on November 6, 2016. Ko also requested to see progress regarding the overhaul of both the Fruits and Vegetables Wholesale Market and Taipei Fish Market by the end of the year. Several city agencies are relocating to the newly completed Wanhua Twin Towers. The city government also drafted a plan spanning 2.5 years for the overhaul of Nanmen Market.According to Ko, the most important factor of the revitalization project for Zhongzheng and Wanhua districts is the MRT Wanda Line. Despite all the renovations, the most important issue is transportation  especially for old neighborhoods. He repeated the difficulties cited by the Department of Rapid Transit Systems (DORTS) on building a new line through the older section of the cities  narrow roads, crowded pipeline networks, and historical sites, to name a few. Constructions will have to proceed carefully, striking a balance between the schedule and preservation of historical sites.Another challenge will be crossing the Xindian River to connect with the section in New Taipei City. Furthermore, arranging work in a way to minimize impact upon schools along the way throughout constructions also requires effort, given the number of such institutions located near future stations. Ko recalled that after two years at city hall, his administration is able to save nearly NT$42 billion for Taipei. While NT$30 billion were used to pay off debts, the city treasury still maintains NT$12 billion in cash, allowing the city government to undertake construction projects on its own, without having to rely on BOTs. He is confident that DORTS will maintain quality throughout the construction, with over three decades of experience in this field.
With the conclusion of the 2017 Taipei Lantern Festival on February 12, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) announced that some of the lanterns displayed the well-received event will see new life after being relocated to other venues.	According to TPEDOIT Commissioner Chien Yu-yen, the agency will take into consideration the opinions of the exhibition designers and the appropriateness of placing the artworks at planned venues before determining the fate of the lanterns.The lighting display at the Nishi Honggan-ji Temple square, located at the intersection of Zhonghua Road Section 1 and Changsha Street, is sure to stay as the artwork exudes a sense of place in addition to reflecting the sites rich historical significance.Inspired by Ximendings pop culture, the main lanternWonder Chickis expected to find a new home at the West District. Chien noted that mechanical issues need to be sorted out first before a suitable place could be found for the lantern.As for the theme lantern Home exhibited at the Red Egg Area, the city government has decided to return it to its birthplaceTo Go Art Museum in Tainan. The house structure, created by artist Yang Shi-yi in Tainan, was disassembled and transported to Taipei for the festival. Its homecoming signifies the bond established between the two municipalities, Chien reckoned.A number of lanterns and floats which took part in the parade will embark on an exhibition tour, including the Formosan Blue Magpie Cart (which will appear in the host city of this years Taiwan Lantern Festival Yunlin) and the Five Virtues Roosters by lantern master Chen Zu-rong, which will be showcased in Japan. In addition, the much-adored, eight-meter tall Matsu float and laser lighting displays will be spotlighted at future exhibitions or festivals, according to the city governments plans.    
In light of the report of H5N6 strand of bird flu from the carcasses of goslings in Hualian on February 5 and infected ducks at a slaughterhouse in Yilan on February 6, the Agriculture Council Bureau of Animal and Plant Health Inspection and Quarantine of the Executive Yuan established a first-level Emergency Operation Center on February 12 and announced the ban on the transportation of poultry out of Hualian County. Additional measures to monitor the conditions along a 3-kilometer radius of the location of the incident are also in place.The Animal Protection Office (APO) noted that Taipei City Government has already adopted strengthened measures on bird flu prevention since the start of the winter season, including visits to 25 poultry farms in Taipei. Other measures adopted by the APO include the following:(1) Conduct policy and measure promotion to poultry farmers and provide facilities such as fencing to keep out birds, aprons, disinfectants, and disinfectant mattresses. (2) Monitor poultry markets and keeping track of poultry death and slaughter numbers. Any case of abnormality or report by vets will trigger disease prevention response from the agency.(3) Visit pet shops on a frequent basis to track origins of birds, discouraging businesses from importing avians from epidemic areas to minimize chance of contagion. In 2017, the agency has collected random samples at poultry farms, pet shops, and parks. All the samples yielded negative bird flu results. APO will continue to monitor these facilities and react to the epidemic immediately if spotted.According to APO, cases of H5N6 were reported in Korea and Japan during the latter part of 2016. Prices of egg skyrocketed in Korea, while Ueno Park in Japan was closed for 3 days to carry out thorough disinfection. The virus was also responsible for 16 people being infected and 11 deaths in China.  
The Public Transportation Office (PTO) invites the public to take advantage of the citys bus service website Taipei eBus (ebus.gov.taipei) which was launched on November 25, 2015.According to PTO, buses operating across Taipei and New Taipei offer residents of Greater Taipei area an important means of transportation. In light of this, the governments of both municipalities joined hands to integrate existing bus information systems with the new platform, allowing users access to the information of bus routes.Taipei eBus boasts three main features: real-time info, transfer info, and route maps. Users will be able to look up the arrival time of selected buses via routes or stops. To search transfer options, simply input your location and destination (for example: bus stops, landmarks, addresses, or road intersections) to find the results. Users can also look for bus routes and bus stops displayed in map formats.In addition, the website also provides the latest updates on transportation issues in Taipei or New Taipei, as well as links to other public transportation such as Taipei MRT, Taipei Railways Administration, and Taiwan High Speed Rail. PTO noted that the website adopts a user-friendly interface which automatically adjusts display formats to accommodate the layouts of computers, mobile phones, or tablets. The public are invited to visit Taipei eBus to take advantage of the Greater Taipeis bus service.
Centenarian Fr. Andres Diaz de Rabago of the Jesuits became the first foreign national to be naturalized in Taipei for his special contribution to the country under the revised Nationality Act. The revised law, which was amended on December 21, 2016, allows foreigners to naturalize without losing his or her original nationality.Born in Spain on October 3, 1917, Fr. Diaz de Rabago arrived in Taiwan as a missionary in 1969. With doctorates in both medicine and theology, he taught at National Taiwan University College of Medicine and trained numerous talented students over 47 years. Vice President Chen Chien-jen praised the centenarian as someone with the vigor of a Spanish bullfighter, the passion of a flamenco dancer, the diverse thinking of Picasso and Gaudi, and the religious mission of Ignatius and Xavier. Having received the Order of the Brilliant Star medal in 2015, the city government, on behalf of the Ministry of the Interior, notified Fr. Diaz de Rabago about naturalization based on his achievements on February 3. Commissioner of Civil Affairs Lan Shih-tsung and Director Huang Ling-yu of National Immigration Agencys Taipei Service Station visited him to inform him about the successful naturalization application with assistance from the Zhongzheng District Household Registration Office. He embraced the commissioner and expressed his thanks to the people of Taiwan for their love. Lan remarked that the centenarian is already a member of Taipei City and thanked him for his sacrifice to Taiwan over the years. 
Published by TCPDOn January 2017, a couple of South Korean female tourists were molested by a taxi driver during their independent tour in Taiwan, ruining the good impression that Taiwan has had on Korean tourists. To re-kindle Korean tourists interest in visiting Taiwan, the Wanhua Police Precinct introduced the activities and purpose of the Taipei Lantern Festival in the Ximending area to Korean visitors on Feb 4th, in order to let them have a better knowledge of Taiwans culture.On Feb 4th, at 4:00pm, two female Korean visitors on their first trip to Taiwan were very excited to see tens of thousands of people participate in the Lantern Festival activities. They were curious about what was happening and asked the officer standing nearby, who happened to be the Chief of Wanhua Police Precinct, Wen Chih Chen () . With the help of an interpreter, Chief Chen illustrated the 2017 Taipei Lantern Festival activities, and he introduced the Korean visitors to the Benedict, which is this years main lantern, the lanterns that impersonated Matsu, a Chinese version of Guardian Angel, as well as her two aides who can defeat demons and protect good people, showing those two young Korean girls the culture behind the Lantern Festival. Then the two Korean ladies complimented the Chief on his kindness and chanted in Chinese The Taiwanese Police are awesome! The Taiwanese Police are awesome! Later, Chief Chen told them about Taiwans good public safety and that it is safe to travel in Taiwan. The two Korean ladies said they just arrived in Taiwan and took a taxi to Taipei. They found that the taxi driver had very good service and manners. Also they were very impressed by the friendly police officers. They were very happy because Taiwan is the best destination for tourism and Taiwanese are hospitable, making their journey memorable. In the end, Chief Chen sent two police figurines as a gift to the Korean ladies and treated them to Ay-Chung paste noodles. These two tourists were well impressed and said that they will come back to Taiwan for sightseeing again.To elevate good relationships with other countries requires the collective efforts of all citizens. This time the police did a great job in promoting Taiwans tourism by taking care of Korean visitors and wining their lavish praise.
Mayor Ko Wen-je and his counterpart Takashima Soichiro of Fukuoka City signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) to strengthen entrepreneurial exchanges on February 8. Ko remarked that Taipei and Fukuoka share traits such as vibrant environments for entrepreneurship and government support for startups. The inking of the bilateral agreement signals the strengthening of collaboration between the two cities to provide incentives, subsidies, consultation service, financial backup, and incubation resources for industries to grow.The mayor stressed that the two municipal governments will promote exchange of techniques and talents among startup teams. The dignitaries from Japan will visit Taipeis incubation institutions and entrepreneurship laboratories during this trip. A new digital industry park will be established by the end of this year, he added.Ko hopes that the two metropolises will benefit from the cooperation, becoming leaders in innovation and entrepreneurship in Asia. It will also serve as a foundation for conducting exchanges with cities around the world. On his part, Takashima echoed Kos pledge to provide administrative assistance for startup teams from Taiwan. He believes that the MOU will help boost economic growth for both cities.  
To herald the flower season, the City is kicking-off the camellia exhibition at Taipei Floriculture Experiment Center (TFEC) on February 8. The event will be followed by the start of the Yangmingshan Flower Festival on February 10. With Valentines Day approaching, Yangmingshan boasts a vast selection of sites for lovebirds to spend time with each other, be it the camellia tunnel at TFEC, the fountain at Yangming Park, or the nighttime lighting show spotlighting cherry blossom trees. According to Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO)Director Huang Li-yuan, TFEC has been devoted to the cultivation and research of camellias since 1949. The camellia shrubs in the center, most of them being over 40 years old, come to full bloom between November and April. The facility holds arguably the largest camellia exhibitions on the island, showcasing over 8,000 strands of flowers spanning 500 varieties. Camellia enthusiasts should not miss out on the opportunity to visit the 12-day exhibition, which features rarely seen bonsais from both Chinese Camellia Association and Shuangxi Camellia Village in New Taipei. Next up will be the Yangmingshan Flower Festival, lasting from February 10 through March 19. The grand opening ceremony will spotlight events such as dance and music performances by indigenous people, Chinese orchestra, cheerleading, street dance, martial arts, Facebook like activities, and others. An area boasting numerous cherry blossom trees near the fountain at Yangming Park will be lit between 6 PM and 9 PM to bring luminous night views of the flowers to visitors. In addition to flower viewing, PSLO also invites the public to sign up for eco and cultural tours to learn more about the history of Taipei Floriculture Experiment Center and Yangmingshan American Military Housing. To register, please visit the official website of Yangmingshan Flower Festival http://2017.yms.taipei (Chinese). 
On February 7, Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived at Taipei City Secondary Administration Center in Wanhua District to offer his New Years greetings to the staff stationed at the facility.In addition to sending his well-wishes, Ko also attended a briefing by the Department of Finance and inspected the status of the facilitys utilization. He remarked that the center houses an excellent civic activity center and a highly-anticipated womens center, making the building a milestone for promoting urban renewal programs in the historical district.Commissioner of Finance Chen Chih-ming reported that the twin tower of TRA Wanhua Railway Station is a major highlight of the Zhongzheng-Wanhua Revitalization Project. The project will create a twin-tower complex on the location of the existing railway station: the plot Jiao 1, consisting of a 26-story tower, will comprise a bus terminal and a hotel facility with 750 guest rooms Jiao 2 will become an office building with 16 floors, where floors 3 through 11 will house city government agencies including the local district office, Department of Social Welfare (DSW), Taipei City Hospital, and Department of Labor (DOL) and a parking garage will be constructed on Jiao 3 providing 700 parking spaces. There will also be a sky bridge connecting the buildings of Jiao 1 and Jiao 2.According to Chen, the Wanhua District Office will establish the Fufu District Civic Center on the third floor of the Secondary Administration Center. The facility will provide local residents, borough offices, and community development associations a place for speeches, classes, and exhibitions. DSW is also planning on opening a womens center on the third floor, offering female residents a place for leisure, recreation, and other personal or group activities. DOL also set up a new employment service center in the building to replace the recently closed center on Chengde Road. An office, conference room, and community health kitchen under Taipei City Hospital are located on floor 9 through 11.The mayor stopped by each of the offices and handed out prosperity money to all the staff, wishing them a happy New Year.  
In light of a recent case involving a dead goose in Hualien County testing positive for avian influenza A (H5N6) virus, Taipei City Animal Protection Office (APO) stated that the City continues to implement monitoring and control measures which have been adopted since 2006.According to the agency, the city government has established 85 sampling spots across Taipeis poultry businesses, bird shops, and parks where birds congregate. As of February 6 this year, APO has inspected 98 cases and no traces of bird flu were detected. APO added that anti-disease campaigns, routine checks, and sterilization effort targeting poultry businesses have been conducted between late 2016 and January this year to counter the spread of H5 and H7 strains of avian influenza during the bird migration season from October through February. With confirmed cases of human infection with H5N6 virus reported in China but no such cases found in Japan and South Korea, APO suggested that the cause of the disease likely has to do with illegal poultry slaughter. APO urges the public to take the following precautions against bird flu: Six Dont:1. Dont approach, contact, or feed birds, particularly migratory birds.2. Dont visit poultry farming sites or bird displays in avian flu affected areas.3. Dont buy poultry meat from questionable sources.4. Dont touch, sell, purchase, or consume sick birds.5. Dont engage in illegal poultry slaughtering activity.6. Dont eat raw poultry or egg products which arent thoroughly cooked.Three Do:1. Wash hands frequently: Wash hands with soap after touching poultry meat, birds feces, or eggs.2. Eat cooked food: Avian influenza viruses are susceptible to high temperatures, so chicken and eggs should be properly cooked before consumption.3. Maintain a balanced diet, exercise regularly, get sufficient sleep and rest, and reduce stress. 
As a part of its ongoing cooperation with major cities across the world, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) took part in the lantern showcase of the Omikoshi Soneri festival at the invitation of Matsuyama City of Japans Ehime Prefecture in 2016.This year, Matsuyama City organized a lantern display at the Taipei Lantern Festival showcasing well-known landmarks such as the hot spring resort appearing in the animation movie Spirited Away and the botchan Ressha train mentioned in Natsume Sosekis novel, as well as local cuisines and landscapes.According to TPEDOIT Commissioner Chien Yu-yen, culture exists in our daily life. Through major festivities and events, the city presents its lifestyle and traditional customs to international friends, allowing them to experience the joyful environment and bring the wonderful memory with them, thereby achieving the goal of promoting tourism.Matsuyama City Commissioner of Industries and Economic Development Yoichiro Hirano remarked that cultural exchanges help to promote understanding between the residents of the two cities, since many people are not familiar with the city located on the island of Shikoku.Songshan District was named Matsuyama by the Japanese in 1920. In 2013, chartered flights began operation between Songshan Airport in Taiwan and Matsuyama Airport in Japan, setting the record of flight between two airports with the same name. In the same year, TRA Songshan Station and JR Shikoku Matsuyama Station sealed an agreement to become friendship stations.In addition, the hot spring resort appearing in the movie Spirited Away is modeled after the 3,000-year-old Dogo Onsen, which is one of the three oldest hot springs of Japan. Matsuyama castle is also one of the 12 remaining medieval castles of Japan, and the one boasting the highest elevation. The mascot is modeled after the first lord of the castle Kato Yoshiaki, becoming a symbol of the edifice.
With the zero euthanasia policy taking effect starting February 4 this year, the Animal Protection Office (APO) noted that Taipei has already implemented measures meeting the standards of humane treatment set out in the Animal Protection Act and worked on boosting adoption rates since February of 2013.According to APO, a four-pronged approach has been adopted to avoid overcrowdedness at the animal shelter, seeking to effectively reduce the number of stray animals. These measures include: holding classes on Taipei Cats and Dogs School, Dog Behavior Training Lecture, and Community Empowerment--Animal Rights Education providing services such as Taipei Animal Shelter Dog and Cat Registration, Animal Nursing Home, and Domestic Dog and Cat Sterilization Subsidy enforcing laws ranging from No Raising Dogs for People Committing Offense of Abandonment, Inspection on Pet Registration, Rabies Inoculation, and Neutering for Cats and Dogs, Crackdown on Illegal Pet Dog Trading, Tracking Down Registration and Microchip Implant for Pets Purchased at Pet Shops, Integrating Taipei City Pet Registration and Household Registration Systems and launching programs such as TNVR for Street Dogs, TCCP for Street Cats, Problem Stray Animals Catch, Public Service Dogs, among others.  Furthermore, Taipei City Animal Shelter has been actively promoting pet adoption through multiple channels and by hosting a variety of events. Since 2013, a total of 15,000 furkids have been able to find a home as a result of the institutions effort.   APO reckoned that the zero-euthanasia policy, while posing a challenge to the governments capability of handling strays, nonetheless presents an opportunity to bring about reforms in a society committed to creating an animal-friendly environment. The agency urges the public to support the cause, helping to safeguard animals welfare along with the city government. 
The lanterns lit up on Saturday night as the city government kicked-off the first Taipei Lantern Festival held in the West District. Presiding over the opening ceremony, Mayor Ko Wen-je noted that the nine-day-long event will take place along the area between North Gate and Ximending. Furthermore, a parade featuring various floats is slated for the last day of the festival. With the expected large turnout, the mayor reminded the public to stay aware of their own safety as the area may become crowded throughout the event. He also wished everyone health, prosperity, and happiness in the New Year.Before the lighting ceremony, the mayor toured the exhibition area starting with the laser light show at the North Gate. He stopped by the different theme areas and visited the foreign lanterns area showcasing works from Shanghai, Matsuyama, and Osaka.The lighting ceremony took place at 6:30 PM in the evening. Dignitaries attending the event included designer of the main exhibition areas No2Good and festival spokesperson and table tennis athlete Chiang Hung-chieh, as well as representatives from Shanghai, Matsuyama, and Osaka. The audience also had the chance to watch the 3-minute-long laser light show spotlighting the main lantern of the event. 
To time with the winter break, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) announced that Yanhui Book Warehouse will expand its free book giveaway starting today.Individuals will be eligible to acquire up to six books from the institution per month by producing a valid student ID. Those from low or middle income families, as well as people with disabilities, will be able to request up to 20 books. An exchange of 15 used batteries for two books is also available. The deal, which expires at the end of March, applies to all individuals meeting the criteria and is not limited to residents domiciled in Taipei City. Those interested can visit the Chinese website of Yanhui Book Warehouse (http://epb-secondhand.weebly.com/) to look through the collection ranging from reference books, literature, family books, to stationery. The requested items will be delivered to the address registered by the applicant free of charge.  According to DEP, Yanhui Book Warehouse has become a popular treasure hunt hot spot for a growing number of residents since its establishment on January 13, 2013. The objective of the facility is to reduce the amount of trash and encourage recycling. As a platform for secondhand book exchange, the facility has benefitted a great number of students living in remote areas and those from disadvantaged families. DEP invites residents to contribute to the collection by donating unwanted books (excluding magazines and textbooks for junior high and elementary schools) to the warehouse through the citys recycled waste collection trucks or dropping them off at designated donation locations. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the Chinese New Year group greeting event organized by the city council on February 2.In addition to offering New Years greeting to Speaker Wu Bi-chu and city councilors, Ko also expressed his gratitude to the representatives for their support for the city governments budget last year. The mayor remarked that the city government is ready to meet the challenges of the New Year  one of them being the organizing of the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei. As a major international event which is not only special to Taipei but to the nation as well, it will require the support of the city council  especially when the pace of organization picks up.According to Ko, the regulations which failed to clear the city council will be modified and adjusted. He plans to reintroduce the drafts to the city council during the upcoming session, and will continue to work on points which members express concern about. At the end of his address, the mayor wishes everyone a healthy and successful year, as well as peace for the nation. 
The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) announced that the Japanese band WORLD ORDER will be performing at the opening event of 2017 Taipei Lantern Festival on February 4 and 5.Members of the band relayed their New Year greetings in Chinese on video to promote their upcoming appearance at Ximending:(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXhuF111Y94&feature=youtu.be)TPEDOIT Commissioner Chien Yu-yen noted that the band, which has been connecting with cities around the world since its birth, will help market Taipei and allow the world to see Taiwan through its performances. Since WORLD ORDER appeared in a promotional film for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDAlZ7PDMDU), she believes that inviting the group to perform in Taipei will also serve to build up momentum for the 2017 Taipei Universiade. WORLD ORDER, the Japanese electronic music band recognized for its choreographed robotic movements by members dressed in suits, is known for surprising their audience with the members impromptu and amusing performances. Their music videos often feature iconic landmarks of cities around the world. The show at the lantern festival will place Taipei on their world order map, incorporating images from the citys west district.According to the Department of Transportation, traffic control measures will be implemented in Ximending between 4 PM and 8:30 PM on February 4, the day of the opening ceremony. Parts of Chengdu Road and Hanzhong Street will be closed. Visitors are advised to take public transportation to the exhibition areaslocated between MRT Beimen and Ximen stations.WORLD ORDER official website:http://worldorder.jp/news/post-7550.html WORLD ORDER Facebook fan page:https://www.facebook.com/worldorder.idl/posts/1243148295776313
On January 29, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited several temples across the city, including Songshan Cihui Temple, Songshan Ciyou Temple, Guandu Temple, Xiahai Temple of the City God, and Taipei Provincial City God Temple.During his visit to the temples, the mayor stated that the 2017 Summer Universiade will take place this year. It is not only important for Taipei City, but also for Taiwan. He noted that when he prays, he is hoping for the event to proceed successfully, as well as for the smooth implementation of city policies. Finally, he would like to wish the audience happiness and joy for the entire year. At Ciyou Temple, the mayor noted that the second day of the Chinese New Year is still considered the start of the year, and he wishes everyone health and success, as well as peace for the nation. Responding to media questions about his new suit and his preferences for suit colors, the mayor replied that he wasnt sure whether his new outfit was tailor-made, because his wife gave it to him and instructed him to wear the suit when he appears on the stage next to President Tsai Ing-wen.Regarding the colors, Ko noted that the choice was made by his wife, so dont ask about whether he likes it or not. As for wearing the suit to meet the President, the mayor remarked that since society requires so, hell just follow along.
Wondering where to spend the six-day Chinese New Year Holiday? Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) offers city residents an option that allows them to relish in natural sceneries without facing large crowds and heavy trafficTaipeis riverbank parks.According to HEO, the flowers at the riverside parks, including Rainbow, Chengmei, Yanping, and Daonan parks, have fully blossomed. It presents a golden opportunity for photography enthusiasts to capture the beauty of the flowers. The venues will also satisfy those seeking to exercise or engage in other recreational activities.In addition to the sea of flowers, the riverbank parks also boast a variety of landscaping installations. Guting Riverside Park, with its wedding-themed art installations against a backdrop of blue sky and green grass, exudes a sense of romance. Adjacent to Raohe Night Market, Rainbow Riverside Park features a huge LOVE sculpture which appeals to the lovebirds. Those who wish to spend some quality time with their family should not miss out on the opportunity to go camping at the Huazhong Camping Ground. For individuals interested in culture, history, or ecology, they are recommended to bike along the cycling trails of Yanping Riverside Park and visit the old Taipei district around Dihua Street, rich in historical heritage, by entering Dadaocheng water gate. They can also visit Shezidao wetlands for the waterfowls, Guandu Nature Park to watch migratory avians, or Tamsui River to soak in the glittering sunset.  Taipei Riverside Bike Rental Stations:http://www.ukan.com.tw/3introduction.html (Chinese)Taipei Riverside Parks:Website: http://www.riversidepark.taipei.gov.tw/ (Chinese) Facebook fan page: https://www.facebook.com/TaipeiRiversidePark (Chinese)Related info on HEO website: http://heo.gov.taipei/np.asp?ctNode=7312&mp=106031 (Chinese)
On January 26, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the inauguration of Dongyuan community childcare center, the fifth such facility in Taipei. He joined kids in making prosperity cakes and creative couplets to herald the Chinese New Year. The mayor pointed out that it is the governments responsibility to relieve the financial burden on youths at a time when the island is confronted with the challenge of low birth rates. Establishing community childcare centers is thus one of the city governments measures to address the issue.The public service will allocate three professional staff members to take care of every ten infants or toddlers. The cost will be NT$9,000 per child after subsidies of NT$3,000 and NT$2,500 from the central and city governments, respectively. An additional eight community-based childcare centers are expected in 2017, Ko noted. The Dongyuan community childcare center is decorated with elements of nature and  large glass pane windows to let in sunlight. Kids will be encouraged to explore the environment in a space fitted with teaching aids for their cognitive development and hand-eye coordination training.  The new facility will be open for registration between 1:30 PM, February 2 and 12 noon, February 8. A public draw will be held at 2 PM on February 8 to determine who get the seats. The list of names selected will be published on the official website of Department of Social Welfare.To learn more about the service, call (02)2303-8805.Address: No. 1, Dongyuan Street, Wanhua District 
On January 24, Mayor Ko Wen-je pledged to add more inclusive playgrounds across the citys parks and schools during a visit to Neihu District, where one of the parks has recently inaugurated an accessible facility.Ko stressed that physical training and social skills building should be of equal importance to a childs growth in addition to intellectual development. As UN Convention on the Rights of the Child sets out, every child has the right to rest and leisure, to engage in play and recreational activities. The mayor pointed out, however, that physically-challenged kids may find it difficult to access barrier-free playgrounds. To address their needs, the city government has installed inclusive facilities at eight locations across the city since last year, with 11 more to follow in 2017.The concept of inclusive playgrounds is to allow children with different abilities and special needs as well as adults to play together, hence the emphasis on simplicity, safety, accessibility, and diversity of the design of the amenities. The city government will work to ensure that all recreational equipment in Taipei embodies the spirit of play for all. Since the implementation of park facilities involves coordination among Parks and Street Lights Office, Department of Education, Department of Social Welfare, Hydraulic Engineering Office, and Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation, Ko noted that he has instructed Secretary-General to integrate government resources and collect public opinions for major inclusive playgrounds throughout the city.
To usher in the Chinese New Year, Department of Economic Development (DED) announced that the citys Urban Regeneration Stations and Community Planners Studios will be operating on a flexible schedule between January 26 and February 1. Services will resume on February 2.Those planning to visit the venues during the CNY holiday are advised to check the opening hours of respective venues on their Facebook fan pages.   The eight Urban Regeneration Stations held a total of over 230 exhibitions and events on the themes of urban renewal and creative cities in 2016, seeking to incorporate the idea of soft urbanism into the citys revitalization effort through diverse, creative, and open actions.To foster urban redevelopment, the city government has also implemented the Community Planners Studios, which serves as a communication platform to engage with the local community. Their mission is to bridge the gap between the government and the residents, allowing the public to learn more about the Citys urban renewal policies while relaying peoples opinions.To get the latest updates of the citys urban revitalization policies and events, visit Urban Regeneration Office at uro.gov.taipei (Chinese) or Village Taipei at http://www.urstaipei.net/en/  
Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) invites the public to get a sneak peek at the highlight of the 2017 Taipei Lantern Festival--North Gate (Beimen) lighting display utilizing 3D projection mapping technologiesthrough simulation images on the cloud platform: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B9jPjpwwY1pbUmMtRlZBOHp5U1k?usp=sharing  According to Agi Chen, the artist behind the lighting spectacle, the edifice of North Gate will be lit on the east, west, and south facets based on the theme of West Street Party. Centered on North Gate, elements such as iconic local business establishments spanning bookstores, camera and record shops, delicacies, as well as fashion and clothing retailers, will be appearing as three-dimensional images on the walls of the structure.      TPEDOIT Commissioner Chien Yu-yen reckoned that North Gate, which plays a pivotal role in triggering Ko administrations West District Gateway Project, has been used by the artist as a door connecting the past and the future. The West Street Party will lead visitors on a time travel to explore the then and now of Ximending, introducing visitors to a district of Taipei that is always brimming with pop culture energy and shines as a trendsetter.   Also a landmark of the citys west district, Zhongshan Hall is another spotlight of the light projection show. Built in 1932, Zhongshan Hall transformed from a place for public gatherings to an important political and diplomatic arena from 1945 onward. The building will be illuminated as the West Side Grand Cinema, incorporating montage techniques to showcase the islands history, art, and culture scenes intertwined with surreal dance movements.Featuring Westside Story, Taipei Glory, 2017 Taipei Lantern Festival will run from February 4 through 12. To learn more about the annual lighting fest, visit http://2017.lanternfestival.taipei/en/   
  Farm (Chinese websites) Phone Number Address CNY Holiday Hours Highlights during CNY Holiday   Futian Village Eco-educational Farm () 02-2862-2145        No.18, Ln. 131, Jingshan Rd., Shilin Dist.   Closed 1/27-1/31, Resumes services 2/1 Cherry blossoms, eco tours, DIY activities   Xinghualin Recreational Farm (       ) 02-939-4866 No.93, Sec. 2, Zhinan Rd., Wenshan Dist. Closed 1/27, Resumes services 1/28 (9 AM - 7 PM) Exhibition of apricot blossoms and cosmos flowers, apricot blossoms bouquet sale, Tieguanyin sampling    Xiangcun Recreational Farm (       ) 02-8260-2358 No.206, Dahu St., Neihu Dist. Closed 1/27-1/29, Takes group reservations 1/30-1/31, Resumes    services 2/1  DIY activities, radish harvesting, flower displays    (camellias, cherry blossoms, apricot blossoms)   Riyueman Recreational Farm (       ) 02-2862-3901 No.150, Pingjing St., Shilin Dist. Reservations required Yangmingshan tankan oranges, organic vegetables   Erqi Ecological Leisure Farm (       ) 02-2891-7787        No.39, Ln. 355, Fuxing 3rd Rd., Beitou Dist. Closed 1/27-1/31, Resumes services 2/1, Reservations   required Farming experience, eco tours   White Rock Recreational Farm (       ) 02-2794-3131 No.58, Bishan Rd., Neihu Dist. Closed 1/27-1/30, Resumes services 1/31 Reservations    required Strawberry picking, DIY activities   Refresh Recreational Farm (       ) 02-2790-3466        No.206, Dahu St., Neihu Dist. Closed 1/27, Resumes services 1/28 (10 AM - 4 PM), No    reservations required Strawberry picking, sweet potato harvesting, jam    making, toy making   Laoquan Recreational Farm (        ) 02-2936-1230 No.27, Ln. 26, Laoquan St., Wenshan Dist. Closed 1/27, Resumes services 1/28 (11:30 AM - 2 PM,    5:30 PM - 9 PM) Cooking lectures of creative dishes   M&G Leisure Family Farm (        ) 0905169176 No.99, Ln. 43, Pingjing St., Shilin Dist.  Open throughout CNY, 10 AM  6 PM Beautiful views, vegetable cuisine, homemade cookies,    story telling              Futian Village Eco-educational FarmM&G Leisure Family Farm                   Laoquan Recreational Farm trailsLaoquan Recreational Farm delicacies Xinghualin Recreational FarmXiangcun Recreational Farm White Rock Recreational FarmRefresh Recreational Farm 
Department of  Economic Development announced that the service hours for the citys public  foot spas at Beitou District will be adjusted during the six-day Chinese New  Year holiday. The hot spring  foot baths at Fuxing Park, Quanyuan Park, and Sulfur Valley will be closed  between January 27 and 29 and reopened on January 30 from 8 AM through 6 PM.  Normal services for the three bathing areas will resume on January 31, opening  8 AM to 6 PM, Tuesday to Sunday.   For inquiries  about the public foot spas, call 0979-185-878. Quanyuan Park Foot  Spa   Address: No. 155, Zhuhai Rd. (right across Yifang Elementary School)   Transportation:  Take Bus S28 from MRT Beitou Station and arrive       at Quanyuan Park Stop. Take Bus 230, S7, S22, or S26 from MRT Beitou       Station and arrive at Chunghwa Post Training Institute before taking a       200-meter walk to the destination.  Sulfur Valley Foot  Spa Address: Across from No. 77, Quanyuan Rd., inside the Sulfur Valley Recreation  Area of Yangmingshan National Park.   Transportation:  Parking lots are available near Sulfur Valley Hot Spring Foot Spa. Visitors are  also advised to take bus S7, S9, S26 from MRT Beitou Station and arrive at  Buddhist Temple Stop. Fuxing Park Foot  Spa Address: Across from No. 61, Zhonghe St.   Transportation:   MRT: From MRT Xinbeitou Station, turn left       and walk 250 meters. Bus: Xinbeitou Stop: Routes 216 Shuttle, 218, 218 Shuttle, 218 Express, 223, 266,  602, S6, Neihu Technology Park Commuter Bus 16, Nangang Software ParkBeitou  Commuter Bus   Beitou Park Stop: Routes 129, 230, S7, S9, S22, and S26  
During his address, Ko expressed his gratitude to MediaTek, Acer Inc., and EasyCard Corporation for joining hands in sponsoring approximately 13,000 smartwatches for athletes and support staff participating in the sports event from all over the world. As a country proud of its ICT prowess, Taiwan should seize the opportunity to boost its international profile by introducing its intelligent gadgets to the world, the mayor stressed.  Instead of launching a massive advertising campaign through international media outlets, the mayor pointed out that hosting the Summer Universiade this August is the best marketing opportunity for Taiwan. By presenting the best of Taiwan to the visitors, when theyre back in their homeland, they will be willing to share with people their pleasant experience during their stay here.     Regarding the functionality of the smartwatch, Ko told the media in the Q&A session that the timepiece integrates with EasyCard and features a heart rate monitor. The mayor dismissed concerns over difficulties encountered to solicit sponsors for the Universiade, noting that MediaTek and Acer are arguably some of the most well-known local businesses. He also remarked that the city governments priority is not to secure cash sponsors for now but to let hosting the 2017 Summer Universiade be an opportunity to promote Taiwanese brands.    
Worried about your pet getting sick during the Chinese New Year Holiday? The Animal Protection Office (APO) announced that a total of 36 veterinary hospitals across the city will remain open during the six-day vacation, assuring pet owners of a worry-free vacation.   For the convenience of residents who might need medical assistance for their pets, APO conducted a survey regarding the opening hours of the citys registered animal hospitals in early January. The list of available institutions was published on the agencys Chinese official website (http://www.tcapo.gov.taipei) on January 10. Please refer to the article titled 2017 Taipei City Veterinary Clinics Available during CNY Holiday (106) under the section Latest Updates on the homepage. Individuals can also call the 1999 Citizen Hotline for related inquiries in the event of emergencies.    APO reminds pet owners to pay attention to the health of their pets at all times, ensuring that the animals receive scheduled vaccination, health check-ups, and needed medications when necessary. They are advised to make a phone call prior to visiting animal hospitals to see if a quick diagnosis can be obtained for their pets to ensure timely medical assistance. 
Looking for places to go during the upcoming Chinese New Year holiday? The Parks and Street Lights Office introduced a google map tour guide to provide citizens with suggestions on half-a-day/one day trips.In addition to well-known tourist attractions such as Lin Yutang Residence, Floriculture Experiment Center, and Yangmingshan American Military Housing, the guide also lists a number of the less-known sites located further up the mountain.Director Huang Li-yuan of PSLO noted that the irregular temperature has an effect on the schedule of the flower season this year  especially for the cherry blossom trees. Hints of early blooms have been sighted along Pingjing Street in Shilin District. In light of the upcoming cold front, the cherry blossoms in Yangmingshin are expected to enter full bloom during the Chinese New Year holiday. Of course, in addition to the flowers, there are also parks, tourist attractions, and historical sites worthy for visitors to explore.Director Song of the Floriculture Experiment Center noted that Yangming Park, also known as the backyard of Taipei City, has planted a new cherry blossom forest and rerouted the road in the Flower Clock area to ensure tourists can better enjoy the scenery without fear of passing vehicles. The view from the flower clock is amazing, giving onlookers a good view of the surroundings.  
During the 2017 Chinese New Year period from January 27 through February 1, the MRT will run according to weekend/holiday schedule. Additional train services will be added to avoid over-crowding when necessary. Passengers are also allowed to travel by the Metro System with their bicycles during this period (excluding all stations on the Wenhu Line, Tamsui Station, Taipei Main Station, Daan Station, Zhongxiao Fuxing Station, and Nanjing Fuxing Station). For more details, please call Taipei Metros 24-hour Customer Service (TEL: 886-2-21812345) or the 1999 Citizen Hotline (TEL: 886-2-27208889) of Taipei City Government.The schedules for Taipei Metro, Taipei Childrens Amusement Park (TCAP), Maokong Gondola, Taipei Arena Ice Land, Beitou Resort (including the Interactive Emergency Evacuation Exhibition Center and Kid's Playroom), and Lost and Found Service Center during the 2017 Chinese New Year period will be as follows:1. MRT:(1) Tamsui-Xinyi Line (R), Songshan-Xindian Line (G), Zhonghe-Xinlu Line (O), and Bannan Line (BL): The average headway is about 5~10 minutes. The average headway after 23:00 will be about 12~15 minutes.(2) Wenhu Line (BR): The average headway is about 4~7 minutes, and about 12~15 minutes after 23:00.2. The Taipei Childrens Amusement Park is closed on January 27 (Chinese New Year's Eve) and will resume service on January 28. From January 28 through February 1, the facility will be open between 09:00 to 20:00.3. The Maokong Gondola is closed on January 27 (Chinese New Year's Eve) for maintenance purpose. The facility will resume service on January 28. Between January 28 and 31, the hours of the gondolaare from 08:30 to 22:00. On February 1, the hours will be 08:30 to 21:00. Visitors are welcomed to take the gondola to visit the mountainous Maokong area during the holidays.4. The Taipei Arena Ice Land will be closed on January 27 (Chinese New Year's Eve) and will resume service on January 28. The hours are 09:00 to 21:00.5. The Beitou Resort (including the Interactive Emergency Evacuation Exhibition Center and Kid's Playroom) will be closed from January 27 to 30. It will reopen on January 31.6. The Lost and Found Service Center will be closed from January 27 to 30 and will resume service on January 31. The hours are noon to 20:00. 
On January 18, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited the Chinese New Year Bazaar around Dihua Street Commercial Street and Ningxia Commercial District to give away fortune money while urging everyone to increase spending at the bazaar to help boost economic growth. With Taipei gearing up to host the Summer Universiade this year, the mayor joined mascot Bravo and dignitaries in a selfie session at the Yungle Plaza stage area. Noting that Lunar New Year is the most important tradition of the Chinese speaking world and the CNY Bazaar an iconic festival of Taipei, Ko encouraged everyone to extend their regards to family and friends, as well as introducing foreign spouses and migrant workers to local New Year festivities and culture, underscoring the spirits of reunion and sharing in a city that prides itself for friendliness and hospitality.Ko also took the opportunity to point out the significance of decorating Dadaocheng as a retro-style store selling groceries and goods. He reckoned that the approach serves the purpose of cultural conservation, acquainting youths with CNY-related industries and atmosphere. Dihua Commercial District President Wu Jung-he added that back in the 1920s, Dadaocheng was a place characterized by thriving business and wealth. He invited visitors to learn more about the characteristics of local businesses by participating in a range of CNY activities, including making greeting cards, writing Chinese calligraphy, donning outfits that arouse nostalgic feelings, interacting with street performers dressed as deities, and more. More information about the CNY Bazaar and raffle events can be found on the Facebook fan page of Taipei City Office of Commerce (https://www.facebook.com/tcooc/)(Chinese). 
Taipei City Police Department (TCPD) has stepped up the following measures in light of the recent incident involving an alleged sexual assault of a South Korean visitor by a taxi driver, which caused panic among the public:1. Enforcing inspection on taxis: TCPD will start conducting city-wide spot checks on cabs until the end of the Chinese New Year Holiday in compliance with Taipei City Police Department Action Plan on Taxi Driver Management to ensure the safety of passengers. 2. Beefing up crackdown on illegal taxi operations at citys hotspots:The police force will mobilize officers from all precincts, Mobile Division, and Traffic Division to clamp down on illegal taxi drivers who commit offenses such as driving without a license, driving without a business registration certificate, exceeding the maximum age limit, or using revoked license. TCPD will focus on areas around the citys tourist attractions, transportation hubs, taxi stands, and hotels. A total of 82,389 violations were reported in 2016. 3. Tightening up audit of taxi business registration:The Traffic Division will tighten the review process of taxi business registration certificates to avoid isolated cases that damage the image of the citys taxi fleet. Statistics indicate that a total of 26 certificates were revoked in 2016 in accordance with Article 31 of Road Traffic Management and Penalty Act.4. Conducting joint inspections with road traffic authorities:TCPD will join road traffic authorities in cracking down on taxis providing illegal charter tour service or engaging in other illegal operations. To report any irregularities, call 110 or use the mobile application APP (Chinese only).
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the inauguration of Taipeis double-decker sight-seeing bus service on January 18. Accompanied by Minister of OTC, he hopped on the bus to enjoy a ride exploring the citys scenery.According to the mayor, the launch of the service marked a step forward for the city to achieve its Tourism ABC objective. A refers to apps that provide tourism-related information, therefore free WIFI connection and charging facilities are available on the bus. B stands for the double-decker buses touring Taipeis landmarks and attractionsan essential element for the capital to attract international visitors. The open-top design of the bus allows passengers to take in the citys landscape from a higher point of view. Noting that C represents culture, Ko encouraged riders to download audio guides through apps that come in Chinese, English, Japanese, and Korean to learn more about what Taipei has to offer.Touting that Taipei can now rival some of the international metropolises including London, Paris, New York, and Tokyo, Ko noted that the fare for a three-hour ride is NT$300relatively affordable for those looking for a different way to explore Taipei. He added that the city government will give away 6,000 two for the price of one vouchers to promote the service. The double-decker bus will be winding through Taipei on Red and Blue lines. Both lines depart at Taipei Railway Station and pass through North Gate, Ximen, and East Gate. The Blue Line will then head for National Palace Museum, while the Red Line will head for Taipei 101. The itineraries are subject to change to include more spots characteristic of Taipeis modern and traditional traits.The red double-decker boasts 47 seats on the upper deck, as well as 9 seats and 1 wheel-chair seat on the first floor. The following payment methods are accepted: EasyCard, iPASS, VISA, MasterCard, JCB, China UnionPay, Alipay, WeChat Pay, and cash. 
To raise awareness on disaster prevention, the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) has installed for the first time a set of stool and bench stoves at Daan Forest Park, one of the citys designated evacuation shelters.  The stool transforms into a single-burner stove by removing the top part, while the bench stove has a capacity for two burners and one grate allowing for different cooking needs. The facilities will provide an immediate solution for evacuees who have to manage cooking at times of difficulties.  According to PSLO Director Huang Li-yun, in addition to serving as venues for ecological, conservation, landscaping, and recreational purposes during normal times, the disaster prevention parks become designated evacuation centers at times of emergencies. The venues will become headquarters for the coordination of rescue effort, relief distribution, offering landing areas for helicopters, among other uses. By blending disaster prevention related amenities into the parks environment, the government hopes to constantly remind residents of the importance of disaster preparedness.  The approach is especially necessary for an island prone to disasters such as earthquakes, typhoons, heavy storms, and tsunamis. In light of this, governments at all levels have begun the implementation of shelter mechanism at major parks since the September 21 Earthquake in 1999. PSLO noted that more effort will be made to enhance the functionality of park facilities across the city, seeking to strengthen the parks role both as recreational spaces and as emergency shelters.  
In light of the approaching Chinese New Year, Mayor Ko Wen-je led a delegation comprising the Commissioner of Compulsory Military Service Fu Yung-mao and other city officials on a visit to military installations in Hsinchu on January 16.The delegation arrived at the Hukou military base to visit the members of the ground forces, logistics corps, and training divisions. In addition to learning more about the daily life and the training process of the conscripts, he also expressed his gratitude to the military officers for taking care of the young men on behalf of the city government and families.  After attending the briefing on the training of troops, the mayor himself took part in the battlefield simulation training to personally experience the technique of conquering fear in the fog of war. The delegation also expressed interest in the modernization and the application of technology in current army training.During lunch, the mayor ate with the conscripts and listened to their recounting of military life. During the conversation, the mayor recalled his experience in two major combat simulations involving division vs. division. He encouraged them to take part in the training and treasure their experience from serving in the military, which will help them prepare for their future careers.The mayor expressed his gratitude to the members of the military forces for serving the country, ensuring combat-readiness even during the Chinese New Year holidays. He presented holiday bonus money to the officers and wished all of them a Happy Chinese New Year. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je pledged to implement the vision of one borough, one communal dining place in two years time during a yearend dining event for solitary seniors on January 15. He joined city councilors and social welfare commissioner to serve as one-day chefs for the elders.  During his address, Ko noted that communal dining for seniors will become a priority for his administration. The number of locations for the elderly to enjoy meals together has increased from 60 a year ago to the current 113. Within two years time, he hopes to establish at least one venue within each borough dedicated to this purpose. The mayor pointed out that the number of people aged 65 or over stands at 420,000 now, among whom 5,000 reside alone. The government, though obligated to take care of the senior population, needs help from the private sector to overcome the challenge of limited resources.The policy of encouraging seniors to eat together also brings additional benefitsallowing for efficient implementation of flu inoculation or health examination for aged citizens. He added that private support and advice are welcome to create a more sound communal dining policy.Despite the fact that the central government has approved the latest version of longterm care measures last month, Ko stressed that local governments should work hard to enhance the effectiveness in longterm care on the community level.
The renovation project of Qianshan Park implemented by the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) has won the 2016 4th Taiwan Landscape Architecture Award!Winning praises from the members of the judge panel, the project claimed the top honor of annual grand award. The Taiwan Institute of Landscape Architects held the award ceremony at the Liang Kuo-shu International Conference Hall of National Taiwan University on January 15.In addition to the Taiwan Landscape Architecture Award, the overhaul of Qianshan Park has also been recognized by the 2015 Taipei City Government Public Construction Excellence Award and the 2016 FIABCI-Taiwan Real Estate Excellence Award in the past.According to PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan, Qianshan Park boasts an attractive geological landscape and is a popular recreation venue for many citizens. However, since its establishment in the early 20th century, many facilities in the park are aged and outdated, setting the ground for renovation. The parks renovation centers on the themes of ecology, environmental conservation, and landscaping aesthetics. The planners employ landscape design techniques such as reduction, integration, merging, and ecology to recreate the historical sites and cultural heritage of Qianshan Park.
On January 12, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening for Brick Yard 33 (BY33) at Yangmingshan. He expressed his gratitude to RITEK and Department of Cultural Affairs for their effort to revive the former US military clubhouse.Ko observed that with the investment from RITEK, BY33 successfully takes on a new look while retaining the essence of past glory. Citing the positive remarks from Americans stationed in Taiwan during the old days through the introductory video aired at the event, the mayor believes that the invigoration of the historic building not only helps spur local cultural industry, but also serves to strengthen city diplomacy.As part of Taipeis Old House Cultural Movement, BY33 is the tenth among 19 architectural structures with plans for overhaul. The government, serving as a matchmaker, commissions private groups to renovate and operate the buildings. The approach restores the infrastructure and breathes life into the old edifices through human activities, Ko noted. Adding that the old house renaissance has so far helped reduce government spending by NT$260 million, Ko hopes that operators will bring movie, music, art exhibitions, theater, or fine dining to the renovated buildings to bolster Taipeis cultural industry.     Answering media questions about which element of BY33 satisfies him the most, the mayor reckoned that he is particularly impressed with the story of the vinyl records and that he is glad to see the addition of a new landmark to Taipei.   
The Public Transportation Office (PTO) announced that the second phase implementation of Taipeis public bus network has been completed. In the future, Taipeis public bus network will be redeployed around the four stages of Express, Arterial, Branch, and Micro-level.The express bus network, involving the collaboration between Taipei and New Taipei City since 2012, has achieved its objective. The next stage consisting of arterial bus network will be implemented in separate phases. The first phase includes bus routes covering five major arteries of the city  two north-south lines (Dunhua and Sonjiang-Xinsheng) and three east-west lines (Minsheng, Renai, and Neihu).The city has plans to install a total of 16 arterial bus routes in the future. It will adjust the pace of implementation based on actual situation and public demands acquired during the first phase.Currently, the interval between services for the arterial buses will be 4-6 minutes during peak hours and 5-10 minutes during off-peak periods on workdays. All the buses will be low floor buses to ensure barrier-free access. The agency will also design the body of the bus, bus stops, and signs to strengthen identification of these buses.Considering the new services semi-rapid transit nature, half-price transfer discount for riders will also be available who transfer between the arterial buses and regular city buse. Hopefully, this will encourage more citizens to take advantage of the buses for their daily commute. 
The city governments General Planning of an Eco Shezidao and General Planning of Shezidaos Smart Infrastructure are now available for public tender, inviting experts in the area to submit proposals and help transform Shezidao into a place brimming with ecotourism resources and boasting applications employing future technologies.According to Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong, a budget of NT13.7 million will be set aside for the eco landscape planning of Shezidao, seeking to implement the concepts of green infrastructure, sponge city, low-impact development, flood detention, among others. International forums, seminars, and design competitionswith an award of NT$1 million--will be held to serve as reference for the drafting of the development blueprint.   Meanwhile, an NT$6 million fund will be earmarked to implement intelligent infrastructure at Shezidao in keeping with the international standards of a livable city. Symposiums will take place to discuss the topics of transportation, disaster prevention, agriculture, education, and electrical grids taking advantage of smart technology. 3D and virtual reality technologies will also be used to realize the vision of a Smart Shezidao. The results will be presented at the World Congress on Information Technology at Taipei this September.Lin added that six officials from Department of Land Administration, Land Development Agency, Parks and Street Lights Office, and Hydraulic Engineering Office, will be dispatched to Europe on a two-month-long study trip to obtain relevant experience in urban planning, landscaping, flood control, water resource management, greens and wetlands maintenance, land development, housing, etc.  Contact Information:General Planning of an Eco Shezidao: Ms. Su at 02-2381-5132, ext. 228General Planning of Shezidaos Smart Infrastructure: Mr. Ko at 02-2720-8889, ext. 8584.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press conference for the 2017 Taipei Lunar New Year Festival at city hall on January 11.The city governments good fortune money for the Year of the Rooster also debuted at the event. This years gift pack resembles a golden egg. The good fortune money will be handed out by the mayor at the street bazaars during different times. According to the mayor, the theme for 2017 is Golden Rooster with Full Wings. The poster image of rooster feathers falling against the breeze appears similar to scenes of bountiful crops in the fields, symbolizing a rich harvest. Ko remarked that the Lunar New Year is the most important event in the Chinese world. In addition to celebrating a rich harvest and resting up, it is also a time for families and relatives to get together. No matter whether you are looking for gifts or stocking up for the upcoming holidays, he welcomes the public to visit the holiday street bazaars.A total of 8 districts and 107 stores will be taking part in this years Taipei Lunar New Year Festival. Furthermore, with over 200 friendly stores around the city, foreigners including expats, new immigrants, migrant workers, and international tourists can use this chance to visit Dadaocheng and enjoy a taste of the holiday atmosphere.The Taipei Lunar New Year Festival will last from January 13 through 26.
To promote Chinese New Year events, Taipei City Office of Commerce (TCOOC) has launched a tour program to help acquaint foreigners with one of the most important festivals of Taiwan. Titled Dadaocheng New Year Style Micro Trip, the tours are slated for the following dates: January 14, 17 and 25. The events are conducted in English, Japanese, and Korean respectively. Local experts and students from Blessed Imeldas School will serve as tour guides, taking participants on a journey to explore the boisterous and vibrant scene of the New Year Street Bazaar. They will also introduce visitors to the significance of Chinese New Year holiday to Chinese people as a time of reunion.TCOOC Director Tsai Tsung-hsiung noted that the program provides foreign visitors with a great opportunity to learn about the development of Dadaocheng as well as the religious center of Xia Hai City God Temple from local perspectives. Those who take part in the micro trip will be able to try their hands at writing Chinese calligraphy, making greeting cards, donning retro-style outfits, tasting New Year dishes, and more. Those interested should register before January 12 through the following website: (https://goo.gl/forms/0pkWtxTf9IDqU2da2)(Chinese). Participants can bring a companion on the tour.For inquiries, please call Mr. Hung at 02-2958001, ext. 378 or visit the TCOOC Facebook fan page at (http://www.facebook.com/tcooc)(Chinese)  
The Department of Rapid Transit Systems unveiled the prototype train  one of the key elements of the Taichung MRT (CMRT) Green Line  during a press conference in Japan on January 10. Deputy Commissioner Yu of DORTS presided over the ceremony at the Hyogo Factory of Kawasaki Heavy Industries (KHI). During his speech, he expressed his gratitude to the team at the company for meeting the professional-level demand from DORTS, ensuring a mass transit system that is safe, comfortable and convenient for Taichung.According to DORTS, KHI has taken part in the production of trains for several MRT lines, including those running on the Tamsui Line, Xinzhuang Line, Luzhou Line, Xinyi Line, and Songshan Line.The CMRT Green Line will consist of a driverless transit system,each train consisting of 2 carriages. There is an aisle in each carriage to allow passengers to walk. The appearance of the car is based on the concept of Sprouting Seedlings and the interior design focusing on bright, simple, and light. The modern looks and clean lines of the train, combined with the bright-color furnishing demonstrate the finest of Japanese craftsmanship.The first shipment of the trains is slated for arrival at the Beitun Depot of the CMRT Green Line in mid-February. A total of 17 trains will arrive at the depot by the end of the year and will be tested and certified after servicing. 
A new scenic coffee shop has opened its doors to business at MRT Daan Park Station! Starting January 5, MRT passengers exiting the station can take the elevator to B1 or walk upstairs to the light towers from the light hallway to access the coffee shop. Those entering the station can stop by the coffee shop by walking down the staircase located next to Exit 2.MRT Daan Park Station integrates the surrounding greens to form a unique structure. The design of the station has won international architecture honors and recognizable station structure for its unique appearance. The sunken garden and natural lighting of the station, combined with fountains and two light towers on Xinyi Road, attracts the attention of numerous commuters and tourists.The coffee shop takes up a total area of 47-pings. The complex is managed by Louisa Coffee. With a menu comprising choices of coffee beans from growers around the world, the shop also offers a good selection of pastries for customers.For more information, please call the 24-hour customer service hotline of Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TEL:02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizen Hotline. Details are also available on the Chinese website of the company (http://www.metro.taipei/). 
Have you noticed a change in the rose garden at Shilin Residence? The Public Works Department employed green ecological engineering and based on the principle of restoring the old vintage look to overhaul the landscape of the rose garden. In addition to maintaining the original appearance of the garden, it also planted a new batch of roses in preparations for a blooming garden in the future.Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) Director Huang Li-yuan remarked that the rose garden of the Shilin Residence is one of the most important tourist attractions of Taipei City and the soul of the Shilin Residence Park. During springtime, beautiful and brightly-colored roses decorate the entire garden, drawing large number of tourists to the location. Yet, the rose garden has faced problems such as the wear and tear of old facilities and buildup of stagnant water inside the garden. To ensure tourists enjoy their visits to the facility, the management decided to overhaul the garden, retaining the original appearance while refurbishing the drainage system, pavement, and barrier-free access options.According to Chief Ho of the agencys Horticulture Management Division, there are five different species of roses in the garden, including 24 types of floribunda roses, 10 types of English roses, 9 types of French roses, 24 types of hybrid tea roses, and 23 types of shrub roses. In addition to the roses, the agency also planted 55 prune trees representing the former resident of the complex Chiang Kai-shek.  
Taipei Zoo held a press conference to introduce the King Kong gorilla Diego Djeeco on January 7. The 18-year-old male gorilla hails from Opole Zoo in Poland. The gorilla has taken up residence in the Africa Zone at Taipei Zoo. Djeeco will join Bao-bao, the thirty-year-old Western Lowland gorilla at Taipei Zoo.During his address, Mayor Ko Wen-je noted that guests from the European Endangered Species Conservation Planning Commission visited Taipei Zoo in 2012. Following proactive efforts on the part of Taipei City, it was finally included in the gorilla conservation plans of the organization in 2015. The organization is responsible for conservation plans, adjustments, and breeding plans, ensuring the survival of these endangered animals.Ko remarked that the home of the gorillas is Africa. These animals are affected by the rapid expansion of human living habitats. To make matters worse, deposits of rare earth are also discovered in the natural habitat of the gorillas, furthering straining their environment due to mining attempts.In addition to welcoming the new member to the Taipei Zoo, the mayor also called upon the public to take part in the electronic product recycling event to help gorilla conservation efforts. Through resource recycling, the public will be able to help discourage development plans for the habitats of gorillas.  
Describing both events as once in a lifetime, Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the Universiade: Wedding of the Century ceremony at the Daan District Office on January 7. The ceremony invited four centenarians and golden wedding couples from Daan District. In addition to congratulating the elders, Ko also pointed out that the Universiade is like golden wedding anniversaries  both are once-in-a-lifetime events and hard to come by. He hopes that citizens will support the upcoming Universiade, allowing Taiwan to enter the global stage and present the city before the international community.Ko served as the witness for the centenarians and golden wedding anniversary couples. He also presented them each with a set of Universiade souvenirs, helping the guests put on the Bravo Universiade goodwill ambassador sash. He also invited the guests to serve as goodwill ambassadors for the international sports event.The mayor noted that in 2017, the Summer Universiade in Taipei will take place between August 19 and 30. The motto of the Universiade is Let Taiwan Walk Out, Let the World Walk in, Let the World See Taiwan. However, what do we want to show the world?There is a saying that Taiwans most beautiful landscape is its people. He hopes that during the Universiade, the international community will be able to witness the friendliness and hospitality of Taiwans populace. It is pointless for the government to hold advertisement campaigns. It is necessary to mobilize the citizens of Taipei to host the visiting athletes and guests.He noted that Daan District is responsible for hosting guests from countries in Europe and along the shores of the Mediterranean Sea. As the citys district with a population of relatively high social status and high levels of education, assigning the most civilized region of Earths modern civilization to Daan District seems to be a perfect match.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the activation ceremony for Taipei City Household Registration Pamphlet Digitization System on January 5.During his address, he remarked that the press conference bears testimony to the effort of city staff in implementing e-government policies. In 2016, the system for seal digitization was established. The milestone for 2017 is the digitization of the household registration pamphlet. He will continue to realize the visions of smart city and smart government one step at a time.The mayor noted that in the past, retrieving identity documents such as birth certificates requires citizens to visit the household registration office in person. For cases involving different districts, work becomes even more complicated  manual search work by staff members at the respective district offices.Ko noted that many of the original documents may be dated  some of the marriage certificates may be on the verge of falling apart if removed from storage. With the introduction of the computerized system, requestors will only need their national ID card for inter-district filing. This shows that Taipei City is moving forward in its digitization endeavors, leading other municipalities on the island.
Held in the West District of Taipei City for the first time, the 2017 Taipei Lantern Festival will feature old-time favorites such as lantern riddle event, Student Lantern Display Area, Blessing Lantern Display Area, and Landscape Creativity Area. It also invited contemporary artists to create the Main Display Area, Universiade Interactive zone, and Light Sculpture Area.Furthermore, the main venue and the 12 district lantern display venues will involve the assistance from local temples as well. According to Civil Affairs Commissioner Lan Shih-tsung, the City has invited major temples including Taipei Tianhou Temple and Taiwan Provincial City God Temple to take part at the main venue. As for the display grounds across the city, local districts offices will work with neighborhood temples and commercial districts to arrange lantern displays featuring local characteristics. Examples of these partnerships include the following: Wanhua District and Longshan Temple, Datong District with both Baoan Temple and Confucius Temple, and Songshan District with Ciyou Temple. As a major event attracting international visitors, the Taipei Lantern Festival also seeks to promote the diversity of local customs and cultures to visitors through this event.Information and Tourism Commissioner Chien Yu-yen remarked that choosing Zhonghua Road Section 1 and Ximending as the main venue for the upcoming lantern festival inevitable has an impact upon local traffic. The city government has established a task force involving traffic-related agencies to work on impact assessment, traffic control measures, and crowd flow planning for the duration of the event.The City also reminds visitors to take public transportation to the event venue. MRT stations located close to the venue include MRT Beimen Station, MRT Ximen Station, and MRT Xiaonanmen Station.
With the good weather expecting to last until this Saturday, the Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) encourages the public to take advantage of the sunshine and visit the riverside park to enjoy the great outdoors.According to HEO, the flower season is expected to last until the end of February. The agency invites the public to drop by the riverside park at the beginning of spring season to relax in a field of blooming flowers or to enjoy an afternoon on their bicycle traveling along the cycling route.River Administration Section Chief Yu Pai-sung noted that the agency has been planting different varieties of flowers along the Dunhuang Wharf. Additional flowers will be planted this year, creating a landscape piece comprising 72,000 pots of plants. Notable flowers include mealy sage, red-sage, and wax begonia. The flower scene is located right below the Dihua levee pedestrian crossing and observation deck. The facility is conveniently located right next to a parking lot and a bicycle rental station. Other landmarks in the vicinity of the Dadaocheng wharf include Dihua Street Commercial District, Yongle Market, Ningxia Night Market, and Xiahai City God Temple.Directions to Dunhuang WharfMRT: Disembark at MRT Shuanglian Station and walk to the end of Minsheng West Road. Enter the riverside area via Dadaocheng Wharf and proceed north.Bus: (1)	Take bus route 9, 206, 274, 641, 669, or 704 and disembark at Dadaocheng Wharf stop.(2)	Take bus route 255, 518, or 539 and disembark at Minsheng W. Road Entrance stop.
Taipei Public Library (TPL) has joined hands with the Masters Program in Teaching Chinese as a Second Language of Chinese Culture University to organize free introductory Chinese language classes! The Chinese language course is designed by the faculty and staff at Chinese Culture University, allowing new immigrants and expats without Chinese knowledge to develop basic understanding and command of the language. The class also provides more opportunities for practicing Chinese. According to TPL, in the interest of promoting cross-cultural exchanges and providing new immigrants with free resources for education, the institute has collaborated with Chinese Culture University in offering Chinese classes over the past 4 years, winning acclaim from the public. The class attracts students from around the world, including Indonesia, Vietnam, Philippines, Japan, and Korea, as well as people from Europe and the US  and even Swaziland. The introductory Chinese class for this year will take place between February 15 and April 26. Classes will be held Wednesday nights. To register," please visit the registration website (HYPERLINK ""https://goo.gl/XZuXOJ"") or call TPL (TEL: 02-2755-2823", ext. 2900). For more information about the class, please visit the Chinese website of TPL. 
The Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) announced the trash collection schedule for the upcoming Chinese New Year holidays on January 3. Garbage collection will be suspended from the first day of Chinese New Year through the third day. Additional vehicles and personnel will be dispatched at noon and night time on Chinese New Years Eve to collect garbage before the holidays. In addition, regular trash collection will be conducted on Wednesday, February 1 as well. While trash collection will not be available from January 28 through 30, those who need to get rid of trash before leaving for the holidays can drop them off at 41 trash collection points across the city at designated time slots. Please refer to the attached QR code or visit the Chinese website of DEP for available hours and address of these locations. Trash Collection Schedule (Jan. 25  Feb. 2)  .tg  {border-collapse:collapseborder-spacing:0} .tg td{font-family:Arial, sans-seriffont-size:14pxpadding:10px 5pxborder-style:solidborder-width:1pxoverflow:hiddenword-break:normal} .tg th{font-family:Arial, sans-seriffont-size:14pxfont-weight:normalpadding:10px 5pxborder-style:solidborder-width:1pxoverflow:hiddenword-break:normal} .tg .tg-baqh{text-align:centervertical-align:top} .tg .tg-amwm{font-weight:boldtext-align:centervertical-align:top} .tg .tg-9hbo{font-weight:boldvertical-align:top} .tg .tg-9ewa{color:#fe0000text-align:centervertical-align:top} .tg .tg-yw4l{vertical-align:top}    Date Day of the Week Standard Trash KitchenWaste RecycledWaste OversizedWaste   Jan. 25 Wed. No No No Yes   Jan. 26 Thu. Yes Yes Yes Yes   Jan. 27 Fri. (CNYEve) Yes Yes Yes No   Jan. 28 Sat.  (CNYDay)  No No No No   Jan. 29 Sun. No No No No   Jan. 30 Mon. No No No No   Jan. 31 Tue. Yes Yes Yes No   Feb. 1 Wed. Yes Yes Yes No   Feb. 2 Thu. Yes Yes Yes Yes   
To herald in 2017, revelers gathered at Civic Plaza to attend the annual New Years Eve Countdown Party in front of city hall starting in the evening of December 31.Following the 7-hour-long event climaxing with the fireworks lighting up Taipei 101, city agencies work together to ensure that attendees make their way home in convenient and effective manners.According to Deputy Commissioner of the Department of Information and Tourism Chen Yu-hsin, revelers began arriving at Civic Plaza in the afternoon of New Years Eve to secure top positions which offer a good view of the main stage and Taipei 101. Based on aerial photos taken earlier, the crowds extend from Civic Plaza out towards the direction of Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall.The Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation noted that MRT stations reported 2.6 million passenger accesses across New Years Eve. The number indicated a drop from New Years Eve last year, which showed 3 million riders during the same period. Further analysis indicate that the passenger volume from New Years Eve last year (Thursday) included both revelers and people going and leaving work in the vicinity. If taking into consideration only the MRT stations near the event venue (MRT Taipei City Hall Station, MRT Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station, MRT Taipei 101/World Trade Center Station, and MRT Xiangshan Station), the passenger volume actually increased by 3,600 riders compared to the same period (6 PM to midnight) last year.The Department of Information and Tourism expressed its gratitude to the support of city government agencies in ensuring smooth traffic flow, maintaining order at the event venue, and cleaning up after the party. It also thanked Sanlih Television for the planning and execution of the New Years Eve Party.
To welcome the start of the New Year, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the flag-raising ceremony in front of the Presidential Office in the morning of January 1. In the afternoon, he took part in the New Year walkathon at Taipei Expo Park.During his address, the mayor noted that walkathon has become a trendy fitness activity, thanks to the effort of Chi Cheng and her Hope Foundation. The mayor noted that he has participated in walkathons since 2003. This year marks the 14th anniversary of the event.He believes that the walkathon helps to project Taiwans energy through love and compassion at the beginning of a new year. He hopes that everyone will look at things through a positive and pleasant attitude, which makes this event meaningful. Ko stressed that the most important event this year for Taipei will be the 2017 Summer Universiade. He hopes that the participants of the walkathon can also show their support for the international games, helping Taiwan promote its international profiles and allowing the world to better see Taiwan through this opportunity.When asked by the media whether he was tired after showing up on stage at the New Years Eve Countdown Party and joining the walkathon on New Years Day, the mayor replied that he feels fine, albeit showing some signs of fatigue. 
In line with the policy of Environmental Protection Administration (EPA), the Citys Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) announced on December 29 that a number of Low Emission Zones will be implemented next year to reduce residents exposure to vehicle exhaust and help improve air quality.The new regulation, taking effect July 1, 2017, is expected to reduce the emission of PM 2.5 fine particles by 22.6 tons a year.According to DEP, the Low Emission Zones will encompass 1 Line, 2 Stations, and 6 Locations. Designated areas include (a) Xinsheng South Road (Roosevelt Rd. intersection) to Songjiang Road (Minquan E. Rd. intersection) section (b) Taipei Bus Station and Taipei City Hall Bus Station and (c) tourist attractions such as Yangmingshan Qianshan Park, National Palace Museum, CKS Memorial Hall, Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall, National Revolutionary Martyrs Shrine, and Taipei 101.Similar to the idea of EPAs Clean Air Zone, the Low Emission Zone will deny access to high-emission vehicles through the enforcement of vehicle emission inspection in the regulated zones. Diesel vehicles having acquired A2 or higher Self-Administered Exhaust Management Label will be exempt from the new by-law.When accessing the afore-mentioned zones, vehicles which do not meet exhaust standards will be fined. Entry to the zones will directly incur penalties to the vehicles in question without the need to conduct exhaust inspection after EPA amends the Air Pollution Control Act in the future. 
During a press conference on December 29, the Water Department announced that all lead pipelines within the citys water supply network will be replaced by the end of 2017.According to the agency, the original goal for 2016 was set at 60-percent completion. Currently, among the remaining 17,714 households in Taipei City still connected with lead pipelines, the replacement works for 12,876 households have been completed, meeting the 60-percent goal in mid-October. Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji pointed out that even though the project will be completed ahead of schedule, a small number of households will be not be able to have their pipe connection replaced due to land rights conflicts, where the land owners refuse construction on their private property, or having concerns that replacement work might affect the furnishing of their homes. However, the Water Department will continue to communicate with these households or landlords, hoping to acquire their consent. The deputy mayor remarked that the majority of lead pipes were deployed before 1979. In general, buildings completed after 1979 are safe  unless the builders illegally installed lead pipes. The Water Department has been working on replacement of the lead pipes over the past 12 years. Pipes with length over 30 meters have all been removed.Teng stressed that over 400 kilometers worth of pipelines have been replaced across 12 years. Under the command of the mayor, the Water Department strengthened its effort in pipeline replacement, successfully moving the completion date to the end of 2017. Regarding the water safety, the deputy mayor noted that all drinking water complys with regulations. If residents are concerned about the safety of tap water in their house, they can contact the Water Department (TEL:02-8733-5678).
On December 28, Mayor Ko Wen-je assured citizens of the safety of Citys food and laid out his plans for market renovation in an award ceremony recognizing the best-performing local market--Nanmen Marketin this years market evaluation campaign. Established in 1907, the century-old market stood out in a number of recent market competitions in terms of hygiene and popularity. Ko vouched for the quality of delicacies available in Nanmen Market, which is frequented by his wife for dinner dishes.The mayor believes that a 30-minute trip to local markets allows a visitor to get a glimpse of how advanced the city is. Therefore, the city government places great emphasis on hygienic conditions and food safety for local markets. Mounting evaluation campaigns helps to examine the organizational soundness, safety, hygiene, among other aspects of a market. Citing his observations of markets in Japan, notably Tsukiji Fish Market, Ko pledged to improve Taipeis markets regarding facility upgrade and appearance enhancement, to live up to the standards of an advanced city and as a way to attract tourists. Market remodeling projects currently underway or to be implemented include Huannan Market, First Fruit and Vegetable Wholesale Market, Fish Market, Chenggong Market, Dalong Market, and Nanman Market. 
With the Taipei 101 yearend bash pyrotechnic spectacle expected to draw an influx of visitors, Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) invites residents to consider another alternative to watch the splendid fireworks showriverside parks.According to HEO, the 238-seconds Taipei 101 fireworks will for the first time feature lighting elements, and the Miramar Entertainment Parks fireworks display will even last 317 seconds. No place can rival riverbanks in providing great views of the magnificent pyrotechnic displays.  	 HEO pointed out that the Rainbow Riverside Park on the right bank of Keelung River allows revelers to watch fireworks upwind without smoke and haze blocking the view, while the vintage spot for the Miramar fireworks is Meiti Riverside Park. For people seeking to watch both pyrotechnic shows, Guanshan and Yingfeng riverside parks on the left bank of Keelung River are also your top choices. Not only do the riverside parks offer more pleasant experience of fireworks watching, the venues also come with parking lots and portable toilet, convenient for couples and families alike.  
The Public Transportation Office (PTO) announced that the City will launch its first dog-friendly bus along the routes of 604 and 0 East. Three daily services will be available during holidays from January 1 through February 28, 2017.These bus routes, operated by Taipei Bus and Metropolitan Transport Corporation," have stops at Huashan Park Dog Area and ""Yingfeng Dog Exercise Park. The pilot program is the first of its kind on the island", providing public transport for people taking pooches with them (except for guide dogs, which are allowed on buses). To ensure success of the program, bus drivers of the two routes have been educated on dogs behaviors and received training on how to maintain order on bus with furry passengers aboard.According to Animal Protection Office Director Yen I-feng, individuals who wish to ride the bus with their furkids must obey the rules. Guidelines include ensuring that the canines receive good health management, routine vaccinations, and parasite control, as well as bringing one dog at a time, keeping dogs on a leash and with a muzzle, feeding them and taking them to answer natures call before boarding the bus, among others.  Pet owners should be aware that bus rides can be bumpy, noisy, crowded with both human and canine passengers. They should take their furry companions mental and physical conditions into account before boarding these dog-friendly buses.
The TRTC Standup Troupe is back again! Adding the popular PPAP piece to their list of songs, the troupes members are ready to help revelers beat the MRT and bus rush taking place at the end of the New Years Eve Countdown Party!With only a few days to go before the countdown bash, the 16 members of the TRTC Standup Troupe appeared alongside 2017 Universiade mascot BRAVO and Captain Treasure Hunt from Taipei Childrens Amusement Park to announce that the MRT will be running around the clock on New Years Eve during a press conference, as well as the renewed names of the respective MRT Lines: Wenhu Line is now BR Line, Tamsui-Xinyi Line is now R Line, Songshan-Xindian Line is now G Line, XinLou Line is now O Line, and Bannan Line is now BL Line. In addition to the addictive PPAP, the TRTC Standup Troupe also included hits such as Whats Wrong? by Beauty Lo and Passionate Rose by Nine One One.This year, the TRTC Standup Troupe will be responsible for promoting the key to New Years Eve MRT operation  distribute among MRT three lines to leave the venue. The performers will be stationed at the four major MRT stations around city hall  MRT Taipei City Hall Station, MRT Taipei 101/World Trade Center Station, MRT Xiangshan Station, and MRT Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station. TRTC Standup Troupe reminds the public that there are 3 Donts for revelers taking part in the New Years Eve Bash: Dont push Dont shove and MRT Doesnt close on New Years Eve. Furthermore:	Disembark at stops along Bannan Line and Tamsui-Xinyi Line when showing up for the Countdown Party. When leaving, avoid crowded stops like MRT Taipei City Hall Station and MRT Taipei 101/World Trade Center Station and choose ones such as MRT Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station, MRT Yongchun Station, MRT Xinyi Anhe Station, MRT Xiangshan Station, and MRT Nanjing Sanmin Station.	Depending on the size of the crowd, MRT trains may skip stations near the venue. Visitors will need to disembark at MRT Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station or MRT Xinyi Anhe Station and travel to the venue on foot.	Passengers bringing bicycles onboard on December 31 can do so between 6 AM and 3 PM. Bicycles will no longer be allowed after 3 PM.	Three phases of passenger control measures will be implemented flexibly at MRT stations during this period depending on actual crowd volume: platform entry control, fare gates entry control, and station entry control.	Priority lanes will be established at the MRT stations in the vicinity with high passenger volume to provide quick access for disabled individuals, seniors, pregnant women, and children to reach the elevators. Other passengers are encouraged to use escalators or walk the stairs.For more information, please call the 1999 Citizen Hotline or TRTC 24-hour customer hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345). Details are also available through the companys Chinese website (http://www.metro.taipei/).
The Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) introduced a new apparatus at Bihu Park in Neihu Districta wooden Pirate Ship Playground providing all-access play facilities catering to kids with different abilities and special needs! Designed to underscore the spirit of inclusive playground, the facility which resembles a giant ship features a 140-square-meter sand pit in the middle, the center of which spotlights a 3.9-meter high climbing rope representing the ships mast. In addition to ordinary swings, there are also accessible swings and net swings sturdy enough to hold two persons at a time. According to PSLODirector Huang Li-yuan, the agency invested NT$38 million into the renovation and upgrade of facilities for 20 parks in 2016. Opinions from experts and private groups served as reference for construction plans, seeking to meet local needs while achieving the maximum effect.The design draft for the parks overhaul has been revised many times in compliance with Taiwans national standards CNS. Natural elements and eco-friendly materials have also been employed. For example, the installation of artificial turf not only enhances the landscape of the park with its grass-like appearance, the new floor system also fares better than rubber turfs when it comes to drainage issues and high temperature-induced odor problems. The capabilities of a sound playground provide a platform for healthy interaction between children and social skills training. PSLO noted that six more inclusive playgrounds will be established in 2017. These facilities being overhauled will incorporate characteristics of their respective neighborhoods. 
The Sewerage Systems Office (SSO) plays an important role in building and managing Taipeis sewage systems. With sewage system connection ratio exceeding 75-percent (in other words, 3 out of 4 households are connected to the sewage system), the City leads other municipalities in terms of wastewater pipeline deployment.Furthermore, to promote the concept of resource recycling and environmental sustainability, the water treatment plants under SSO receive roughly 6,000 visitors from around the world each year. Environmental education is an important theme among the nations 12-year mandatory education program, as well as part of the lifelong-learning courses. The wastewater facilities of Taipei have received visiting groups from universities and colleges, as well as Chinas Taizhou Environmental Protection Bureau, Guangzhou Water Affair Investment Group, Japan Sewage Works Association, and Seongnam Citys Clean Water Management Office.The visiting groups have a chance to learn more about the water purification process through the introduction film, miniature model of the plant, and onsite tour of the facilities. They watch how wastewater is brought to the plant and undergoes processes such as aerated basin, settling, and filtration before being released back into the rivers.   Furthermore, in addition to processing wastewater, the plants at Dihua Street and Neihu also boast the ingenious design of having wastewater storage below, with park on the surface. The plants in these parks are watered by recycled water produced at the plant.Chief Engineer Cheng Pei-jia noted that the Dihua Water Treatment Plant was accredited by the Environmental Protection Administration in 2014 as the first Environmental Education Facility on the topic of urban wastewater in the nation. SSO also offers hands-on program for elementary school students, middle school students, and adults.
To promote the 2017 Taipei Lantern Festival taking place at Ximending in February, the Department of Information and Tourism released a promotional video for the event starring Mayor Ko Wen-je on December 25.To highlight the thriving tattoo business in Ximending, the mayor plays a rocker who intends to get a tattoo but ends up choosing a removable tattoo sticker instead because of his fear for pain.  The shooting session was full of laughter, since the mayor assumed that he was getting a real tattoo and therefore appeared anxious and nervous. Ko made efforts to act by moaning out loud before the tattoo artist even started the process, which made the scene even more hilarious. The audience will need to put up with the mayors wails while watching the short film, which will be available through various channels starting December 25.Spotlighting the theme Westside Story, Taipei Glory, the 2017 Taipei Lantern Festival will light up North Gate and Zhonghua Road with illuminous decorations. To learn more about the event and stories of Taipeis west district, visit http://2017.lanternfestival.taipei (Chinese).   2017 Taipei Lantern Festival Promo ClipTattoo: https://youtu.be/DBvJAgwBRr0 (Chinese)
Christmas Day (December 25) marks the second year anniversary of Mayor Ko Wen-jes administration. The result of recent surveys regarding the performance of city hall has been a focus of media attention. Regarding the results of surveys, Ko noted that they often fluctuate between low points and high points. For him, he treats the results as references for the purpose of improvement. Also, individual surveys do not offer a view of the whole picture, and that is why analysis needs to be conducted based on multiple surveys. He believes that survey lets you know which areas require more effort it is not something that tells you to give up. Life itself is full of ups and downs  theres no such thing as good news every day.Ko stressed the importance of the principles of do right things and do things right, noting that adjustments in city administration is being implemented according to plans.In response to media questions of whether he sees the low survey results as impediments for him to seek a second term in office, Ko pointed out that people face challenges every single day. Therefore, dealing with problems each day is an aspect of being alive. You cant expect everything to go smoothly, noted the mayor.   The mayor spent Christmas Day visiting Jinrui Flood Zone Park, which is located at the end of Neihu Road Section 3, to learn more about the results of flood control efforts. He also stopped by Yanping Temple to pay his respect to Koxinga.
The New Construction Office (NCO) announced that phase 2 works related to traffic lane adjustments in the vicinity of North Gate will take place between 9 PM on December 24 and 5 PM on December 25.According to the agency, the construction is part of the ongoing project to reroute traffic flow in the vicinity of North Gate. Constructions began on November 21 and will be carried out across 4 separate phases. The entire project is slated for completion in June 2017.The following measures will take effect starting December 25 to make way for future constructions: (1) The traffic lane connecting northbound traffic on Zhonghua to Yanping North Road will be cancelled.  (2) Westbound traffic on Beiping West Road can no longer connect to Zhongxiao West Road and only allowed to right turn onto Yanping North Road.For the latest updates on constructions and traffic lane adjustments in the vicinity of North Gate, please visit the website of NCO or tune in to Police Broadcasting Service. Information is also available on CMS sign boards set up around the construction sites, as well as through news tickers during cable TV shows.
To attract more tourists to visit Taipei City, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) held a press conference to introduce the 2017 Taipei Pass on December 22.Individuals carrying Taipei Pass can enjoy unlimited rides on the MRT, public buses in both Taipei City and New Taipei City, and 4 shuttle bus routes operated by Taiwan Tourist Shuttle (Beitou Zhuzihu Line, Muzha Pingxi Line, Gold Fulong Line, and Crown Northern Coast Line) for the duration listed on the pass.TPEDOIT Commissioner Chen Yu-yen noted that those who purchase Taipei Pass starting January 1, 2017 will receive a bonus pamphlet featuring recommended theme tours and discount coupons. The pamphlet is available in limited quantities.The suggested routes cover themes spanning historical and cultural sites, natural landscapes, and fine dining. Among the nine featured tours this year, three of the choices include tourist attractions in New Taipei and Keelung. The discount coupons can be used at stores, as well as for services ranging from dining to transportation. Taipei Pass comes in the following denominations: 1-day pass (NT$180), 2-day pass (NT$310), 3-day pass (NT$440), 5-day pass (NT$700), and Maokong Gondola 1-day pass (NT$350). It is available at information counters in MRT station and the EasyCard Customer Service Center at MRT Taipei Main Station.For more information, please call the customer hotline of EasyCard Corp. (TEL: 02-412-8880) or visit the companys Chinese website (www.easycard.com.tw). 
Regarding recent reports by media on a suspected animal abuse case involving dog owners purposely releasing pet dogs to attack cats, the Animal Protection Office pointed out that 85 similar cases have been filed between January and mid-November.It has forwarded a number of these cases to the Police Department for further investigation on August 25 and September 21, respectively. After checking for redundant filing of cases, collaboration with Wuxing Street Police Station helped identified a person of interest. The case is being investigated by the local Prosecutors Office. Six dogs showing aggressive behaviors towards cats have been captured and transferred to APO. The trainers at APO will evaluate whether these animals have been trained to display such behaviors. According to APO, it is working in close partnership with the police and has information on possible suspects and vehicles. Currently, available data indicate no evidence of coordinated group involvement.APO reminds the public that the agency has limited manpower and resources. Therefore, citing and report of animal abuse cases still requires the help of everyone. Those taking note or witnessing such incidents can call the 1999 Citizen Hotline or the animal protection hotline (TEL: 02-8791-3064 or 02-8791-3065). Case report is also accepted via the Taipei City Animal Welfare APP which is available for smartphones. 
With the wrap-up of official events of World Design Capital Taipei 2016 in October, Mayor Ko Wen-je handed over the title to Mexico City--the host of the World Design Capital 2018--in a ceremony on December 21.The ceremony was attended by Juan Manuel Gonzalez Bustos, Head of Mexican Trade Services Documentation and Cultural Office, as well as Dilki de Silva, Secretary General of International Council of Societies of Industrial Design (Icsid). According to Ko, the core of World Design Capital lies in cities strength in innovation and quest for improved urban governance. Since its bid for the title, Taipei has spent five years investing effort in creating a livable environment for residents. Drawing on experiences from past WDC hosts, notably Helsinki, the mayor reckoned that it takes five to ten years to allow people to learn about the role design plays in our daily lives and how design can be applied in various aspects of society.   Given that as high as 70 percent of respondents showed their support for continued implementation of design promotion policies in a survey conducted in December, Ko stressed that the city government will take a three-pronged approach to realize its 2050 Vision in terms of design related fields. The City will embark on change in three perspectives, Ko noted. A cross-department task force beyond the authority of Department of Cultural Affairs will be institutionalized to execute design policies. Public and private sectors should play equal roles in promoting barrier-free designs for the physically-challenged and disadvantaged. In addition, a more bottom-up method will be adopted to meet public needs by means of design, for example improving city aesthetics through beautification of parks, markets, signs, and MRT stations. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the opening ceremony for the Longshan Temple Visitor Information Center and Longshan Mall Cultural Base on December 20.According to Ko, the result is part of the Zhongzheng Wanhua Revival Plan which encompasses two projects. The endeavor is considered difficult to implement--the renovation of Bangka Park and the revitalization of the Longshan Temple underground mall. Thanks to the effort of Wanhua District Office and support from local borough chiefs, community colleges, and cultural groups, the problem of homeless people has been resolved and the park has also undergone a facelift as well. In addition, a total of 25 organizations all played a role in the brand new opening of the mall, helping to set up 25 stalls.    Ko reckoned that Bangka boasts a rich heritage and numerous tourism resources, being home to Bopilaio, Dali Garment Street, Herbal Lane, and other tourist attractions. Statistics indicate that Longshan Temple has seen over 2.4 million visits as of November, 2016. He hopes the number will reach 3 million next year and visitors will stay for one more hour. Building on the momentum, the mayor pointed out that the next phase of Wanhua redevelopment will focus on the reconstruction of First Fruit and Vegetable Wholesale Market and Taipei Fish Wholesale Market, as well as adjustment to the Wanhua District urban renewal plan.   
With the approach of the end of the year, Taipei City Government is joining hands with Sanlih E-Television to organize the New Years Eve Countdown Party on December 31.During his address at the press conference, Deputy Mayor Chen Chin-jun noted that the City has drafted plans for a series of activities to ring in the New Year. Stores and restaurants in Xinyi Commercial District have put on various kinds of decorations to celebrate the holidays, including Christmas trees and colorful lightings.The annual concert in front of city hall as attracted numerous visitors from across Taiwan and abroad. Of course, the fireworks and lighting show at Taipei 101 continues to serve as the climax of the year-end celebration. Celebrities and performers appearing at the end-of-the-year concert include Nine One One, A-Lin, Wu Bai, SpeXial, Eight Three One, Nick Chou, Ben Wu, Amber An, Linda Chien, and GTM.The hosts for this years event will be Sam Tseng and Bowie Tsang. This is the first time for the pair to preside over the New Years Eve concert. At the press conference, the deputy mayor presented the show hosts with a thermal mug and a scarf, hoping to share with them the warmth of the City. The New Years Eve Countdown Party will take place between 7 PM on December 31 and 1 AM on January 1. The show will be aired on Sanlih Channel 30, Sanlih News Channel, Public Television, and Best Radio, as well as on foreign channels including TVB in Hong Kong, LETV in China, StarHub in Singapore, ASTRO in Malaysia, Cinemart in Japan, and Viki.
On December 19, Deputy Mayor Chen Chin-jun unveiled the mini lantern for the Year of the Rooster and announced that the 2017 Taipei Lantern Festival will take place between February 4 and 12 at the west district. The rooster-shaped paper lantern has a handle resembling the shape of the North Gate, symbolizing life nurtured under the ancient city wall. With the pendulum design, the lantern swings to its various movements and displays its rhythmic vitality.    Department of Information and Tourism Commissioner Chien Yu-yen noted that the locations for lantern giveaways will be announced at future press events, as well as on the official website of the lantern festival. Highlighting the theme Westside Story, Taipei Glory, the 2017 Taipei Lantern Festival will  for the first time  take place at the surrounding area of MRT Ximen Station. Incorporating the concept of Street Theater, the lanterns will spotlight local characteristics and trends with concert-level visual design by the emerging animamix artist No 2 Good, who grew up in Taipei and has deep affection for Ximending. According to the deputy mayor, visitors will be able to appreciate the dazzling lanterns installed along both sides of Zhonghua Road, as well as watching the luminous spectacles at North Gate which employs projection mapping technology. To learn more about the nine-day event and the past glory of the west district of Taipei, please visit the official website of the 2017 Taipei Lantern Festival: https://2017.lanternfestival.taipei/en/ 
A showcase of short films under the 2016 Digital Archives Project took place at the Taipei City Hakka Cultural Park on December 19.In the interest of highlighting the themes of urban Hakka and exchange among generations, the Hakka Affairs Commission (HAC) implemented the digital archives project and produced 8 short films featuring topics attracting Hakka and non-Hakka youths, hoping to stimulate their interest in Hakka Affairs.The series of films showcased this year include Chef and Cuisines on Hakka dishes Hakka Industries on Hakka mansion rest stations Immigration and Hard Work discussing Hakka immigrants in their new homes Music Creation on Hakka music Education and Heritage spotlighting the Hakka language News Anchor to explore what its like in front and behind the stage Happy Farming about raising vegetables in the city and Life of a Writer on Hakka day trips.In these films, viewers will discover photographs of Hakka Television news anchor Wu Yi-rong the secret spots for spending a day immersed in Hakka flavors according to writer Chang Tien-wan and the best restaurants and diners for getting a taste of the most authentic Hakka cuisine.According to HAC Commissioner Tseng Nian-yeou, the films help to introduce various aspects of Hakka life to users using a straightforward and easy-to-understand manner, hoping to attract the interest of Hakka and non-Hakka youths to learn more about its culture.
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that the year-end sale is taking place at the Taipei Main Station Metro Souvenir Shop! In addition to an array of products currently available with a 19-percent-off discount, the Taipei MRT Stainless Steel 304 Bento Box will also hit the shelf on December 20.  Some of the most coveted items on sale include MRT map puzzles, train sets, and pull-line cars. Taipei Metro fans should not miss out on the opportunity to expand their collection. Individuals making purchases of NT$81 or more will receive a special gift those with purchases exceeding NT$881 can bring home a character figure flash drive! Whats more, the Taipei MRT Stainless Steel 304 Bento Box, sporting the logo of MRT and train engravings, will be available starting December 20. With a capacity of 1000 ml in two-layers, the lunch box is both practical and environmentally friendly.   TRTC noted that the Taipei Main Station Metro Souvenir Shop sale will last until December 31 before it closes for renovation. Meanwhile, the online metro souvenir shop (https://business.metro.taipei/Home/index.aspx)(Chinese) will also undergo an overhaul after December 20. Taipei Main Station Metro Souvenir Shop is located at B1 of Taipei Railway Station, near Exit M3. For inquiries on the sale, call the MRT 24-hour hotline at 02-218-12345 or visit(http://www.metro.taipei/)(Chinese). 
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the opening ceremony for the 2016 Taipei Marathon at Civic Plaza in the early morning of December 18.The annual marathon event attracts participants from across Taiwan and abroad, taking in many of Taipeis landmark along the route. The mayor also traveled to North Gate to cheer for the runners along the route.The mayor pointed out that the route this year will bring runners to the sites of Taipeis old city gates, including North Gate, East Gate, South Gate, and Xiaonanmen (Lesser South Gate), offering them a taste of the citys diversity and rich history. Ko remarked that the marathon this year attracted nearly 2000 foreign participants hailing from 40 countries, as well as a team from Shanghai for friendly exchanges stemming from the MOU signed during the Taipei-Shanghai Forum. At the end of his address, the mayor expressed his gratitude to the staff members of the event, volunteers, cheerleading squads, and the police officers and volunteers helping to maintain the traffic. Their efforts allow the marathon to progress smoothly.Responding to media questions on which team  Taipeis or Shanghais  he believe is stronger, the mayor replied that the answer will appear once the race starts. As for whether he plans to run, the mayor noted that hes not participating the event due to knee problems. Marathon is not his strength. 
In line with Ko administrations objective to create an animal-friendly environment, the Animal Protection Office (APO) mounted an initiative to encourage the establishment of animalfriendly spaces across the city on August 23, 2016. To date the campaign has seen the participation of 423 businesses with 3,460 venues, identifiable by specially-designed stickers.APO Director Yen I-feng noted that the campaigns success lies with pet owners willingness to abide by the rules. For example, in addition to ensuring their furkids receive scheduled vaccinations, the pet owners will also have to train their dogs or cats to behave when visiting the venues.Yen pointed out that Taipeis Animal-Friendly Space stickers come in two colors to distinguish the specific type of businesses. Orange stickers indicate pet-related businesses, including pet shops and veterinary hospitals. Blue stickers identify non-pet industry businesses, such as taxis, restaurants, cafes, convenience stores, garment retailers, and hotels. A detailed list of the establishments can be found at http://pettalk.tw/afs (Chinese). According to Paw Hotel owner Teng Hsiao-hsuan, the objective of running the restaurant is to create a space where the furry customers feel free to walk around and socialize. She added that staffers of the caf will receive training to prevent possible dog brawls from getting out of control. To promote the initiative, APO is holding a raffle activity promising prizes spanning pet dish, pet grooming service, pet accessories and sanitizers, real gold, and even package tours for pets worth NT$10,000! Individuals sharing the event info and checking in on the Chinese Facebook website (https://www.facebook.com/PetTalkTaiwan/?fref=ts) will be eligible for the raffle. Winners will be determined in lottery draws on December 22, January 5, and January 19 respectively.To learn more about the activity, visit http://pettalk.tw/afs (Chinese) 
The Department of Economic Development joined hands with Industrial Technology Research Institute (ITRI) to set up a demo site for the Smart Logistics Service Station on the first floor of city hall. The machine has been inaugurated on December 15.According to statistics collected by the Ministry of Economic Affairs Department of Commerce, the scale of Taiwans e-commerce exceeded NT$760 billion in 2013 and is still growing by over 20-percent each year. Based on research conducted by the Institute for Information Industry, the value of Taiwans e-commerce market is roughly NT$1.06 trillion. B2C accounts for roughly NT$613.8 billion of the market, showing a growth of 15.89-percent from the figures of 2014.With the expansion of e-commerce, B2C logistic flow has seen a significant growth. Unfortunately, situations such as traffic congestions, parking difficulties, and recipients not at home when delivery arrives create challenges for the logistics industry and create problems for city traffic and the environment.The promotion of Smart Logistics Service Station is a part of the Business Services Productivity 4.0 Project conducted by ITRI. The machine integrates automated information technology with mobile technology to resolve traffic and environmental problems resulting from additional delivery trips made due to rescheduling. ITRI is working with several private sector partners on the project, including Kerry TJ Logistics, HCT Logistics, FsdEX, and Kerry Express.In an effort to implement the Living Labs vision of serving as an experimental ground for innovative services and provide the public with a taste of convenient logistics services, the city government and ITRI invite the public to take advantage of the automated logistics station. If the option is available, simply choose the smart logistics service stations as the destination of delivery and pick it up at the machine.For more information, please call the 1999 Citizens Hotline, extension 1228.
Department of Health (DOH) has ordered the removal of a packaged tomato soup () from shelves across the citys Carrefour supermarkets in a sweeping effort to inspect food products imported from five Japanese prefectures which could pose safety risks to consumers. The instant tomato broth was found to be from Fukushima--one of the severely affected areas in Japans nuclear crisisbut was declared to be produced in Shimane Prefecture when imported into Taiwan on September 26, 2016.Following examination of relevant import declaration documents, DOH found that the food product was manufactured by a company based in Fukushima under the name of K. Despite claiming that the Japanese producer should be held accountable for the false inspection registration, Carrefour would face a fine ranging from NT$30,000 to NT$3 million in compliance with Article 30 and 47 of Act Governing Food Safety and Sanitation. The recalled 1,111 packages of the soup will be destroyed, according to DOH. DOH noted that since November 30 the City has carried out inspections of food products from Japan targeting 24 chain stores including DAISO Japan, JPmed, MUJI, and supermarkets in department stores. A total of 245 items--spanning candies, cookies, seasonings, instant noodles, canned food, and aquatic productshave been inspected. To learn more about inspection results, visit http://consumer.fda.gov.tw/ (Chinese) Act Governing Food Safety and Sanitation:http://law.moj.gov.tw/Eng/LawClass/LawAll.aspx?PCode=L0040001  
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening event for the Taipei International Audio Show 2016 on December 15. During his address, Ko lauded Taipei Electrical Commercial Association (TECA) for its contributions to the development of the city and the islands electrical appliances industry. Founded for 35 years, TECA currently comprises over 2,000 corporations. The mayor remarked that the city government provides incentives, loans, subsidies, and talent nurturing classes in a bid to create an environment conducive to the formation of business clusters. He invited the members of TECA to offer advice to the government, believing that the government should assume the role of services provider rather than a management team.  Ko also took the opportunity to praise TECA for holding a showcase combining electrical products and arts, describing the event as a crossover success. He jokingly invited residents to visit the event and purchase a stereo as a way of supporting the industry while appreciating art. 
On December 13, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening ceremony for the Taipei IoT Innovation Lab in Neihu District, a collaboration between economic development and information technology departments.  The mayor noted that the IT development over the past three decades spans phases centered on PC, the Internet, mobile devices, and the latest trend of IoT (Internet of Things). He remarked, however, Taiwan has a lot of room for improvement in terms of IT applications. In light of this, the establishment of Taipei IoT Innovation Lab seeks to provide a platform with the concept of living lab incorporating public and private resources. The venue will serve as a place fitted with IoT equipment allowing entrepreneurial groups to conduct IT experiments. Industry players including Dell Taiwan, Gemtek, Asia Pacific Telecom Co., and Unabiz contributed to the birth of the laboratory.     According to Department of Information Technology (DOIT), the City will invite parties from the academia and industry to demonstrate their IT achievements at the Lab, hoping to develop more intelligent applications and services for the benefit of the public. Green Ideas Technology Co., Department of Bio-industrial Mechatronics Engineering of NTU, NVIDIA, Amroad, and Shadoworks Studio are among the invited groups.  DOIT added that another major achievement accomplished through successful matchmaking by Taipei Smart City PMO is introducing intelligent applications into the citys sports centers starting with the one located in Neihu. Residents will be able to enjoy efficient services brought by technology, for example reservation app and fitness tech. 
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) has decided to scrap the pilot program offering a 30-day all-you-can-ride pass on the MRT at the price of NT$2,500. The program was scheduled to begin January 1, 2017.The policy U-turn was made after taking into consideration different opinions from the public. Therefore, the issuance of a 30-day unlimited ride MRT pass will not receive a green light until Department of Transportation (DOT) has conducted a thorough review of the plan in line with the Citys public transportation policies.   According to DOT, the agency will examine the viability of introducing a monthly pass incorporating various means of public transportation. The plan involves cross-platform electronic wallet technologies and sound assessment of the city governments finances when it comes to ticket subsidies.The above-mentioned issues will be discussed with relevant parties and city departments before DOT announces any new monthly pass scheme.
Sales of 2017 Universiade products of surpassed NT$1 million, with new items hitting the shelf at the city hall souvenir shop every week. Future products include sports towel, sports socks, T-shirt, and more!One of the highlight products is the preorder of Bravo plush doll! Being the mascot of the 2017 Universiade, the Bravo plush doll is available for preorders online between 10 AM on December 10 and midnight on December 30. Customers preordering the plush doll enjoys the discount price of NT$480 (originally NT$580). The merchandise will be available for pickup at Universiade souvenir stores or via shipping service starting January 10, 2017.Another new product is the rotary bag employing double-sided fabric  elegant indigo color on the outside and modern color for the inside. The bag can hold even a laptop computer, making it an ideal partner for any shopping trips. The price for the bag is NT$699 (originally NT$999) for preorders taken between 10 AM on December 10 and midnight on December 30. The merchandise will be available for pickup at Universiade souvenir stores or via shipping service starting January 10, 2017. The city government welcomes the public to support local designers and the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei by purchasing related souvenirs.For more information, please call the Universiade souvenir project team (TEL: 02-2570-7017, ext. 2316) or the 2017 Summer Universiade official licensed souvenirs website http://summeruniver.qdm.com.tw/.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the 113th anniversary of Taipei First Girls High School on December 12. During his address, Ko remarked that this is the first time he attended the event celebrating the schools founding. He also mentioned that he was overwhelmed by the vitality displayed by the schools volunteers and students when he arrived.Noting the outstanding academic achievements of the students of Taipei First Girls High School and their frequent wins at major competitions such as the Taiwan National Science Fair and International Junior Science Olympiad, the mayor also pointed out that he is also impressed by the schools dance squad as well. He recalled being surprised by the performance by the students during a competition involving teams from 20 schools, which he believes is comparable to those of professional dancers.The mayor noted that elite high schools will continue to exist for a while. Therefore, in the conceivable future, the Taipei First Girls High School will continue to maintain a unique position in Taiwans education system. However, the school will need the help of each and every one of its students to maintain its unique position. When speaking about politics, the mayor said that he never believes in politics comprising of highlights. For him, politics has shifted from mass production in the past to production by the mass today, where everyone contributes a tiny part, and all the tiny parts accumulate to become a giant step forward. The First Girls High School has a long history behind it. All of the bits add up to make a significant contribution. He looks forward to the students and graduates of the school to contribute a little of their time each year to society it will eventually need to significant progress for Taiwan.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je inaugurated the Citys High Technology Crime Investigation Unit of Taipei City Police Department (TCPD) on December 9.The new unit was established in the wake of the First Commercial Bank ATM heist in July which involved the use of computer malware, Ko noted. He made a case for the city government to set up a professional task force, seeking to tackle the rising number of cybercrimes.  The mayor pointed out that the key to the arrest of suspects was tracking their GPS-enabled mobile phones. With the help of technology and access to big data, the city government will work on creating a nationwide crime database to optimize crime pattern analysis. He also cited digital forensic science as the major factor in cracking the case where hackers broke into the YouBike database. In light of this, Ko reckoned there are three purposes for establishing the High Technology Crime Investigation Unit. First, it is essential to nurture professional personnel to cope with the rise in intelligent crimes. Second, Taipei  as the capital of Taiwan  has the responsibility to spearhead in research and development of related technologies to counter cyber threats. Finally, equipment upgrade and the introduction of artificial intelligence, time-lapse photography, and other technologies are vital to counteracting cybercrimes.   With the newly-formed unit being the first and largest of its kind on the island, Ko promised to share Taipeis experience and data with police departments of other municipalities in the interest of protecting peoples rights. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the goodwill ambassador and volunteer rally for the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei on December 10.During his address, the mayor noted that the rally event is also the first drill for the volunteers, with over 2,000 members gathering at the venue. He expressed his hope that when the 12,000 participants, staff, officials, and media arrive in Taiwan for the Universiade, they will bring back wonderful memories of the island on their mobile phone and share the images over social media.The rally began with the volunteer corps comprising staff from the 12 district offices. The team from Songshan District invited the mayor to don a water polo cap and hold a water polo ball, while the corps from Zhongzheng District presented a complete set of Taekwondo uniform for the mayor.At the climax of the event, the mayor joined Eddie Pan in performing the Universiade dance, while the members of the volunteer and goodwill ambassador teams fell into the formation spelling out the letters 2017 TPE Universiade at the plaza.According to the Department of Civil Affairs, roughly 12,000 volunteers and goodwill ambassadors attended the rally. Thanks to the effort of all 12 district offices, a total of 37,977individuals from goodwill groupssigned up for 1,467 teams to help out during the major international competition next year. 
The 2016 Taipei Marathon will kick-off at the Civic  Plaza in front of Taipei City Hall on December 18. In addition to incorporating the old  North Gate into the route of the full marathon to enhance the run with elements  of cultural heritage, the Department of Information Technology (DOIT) also  introduces the Real Time Information and Results Finder.  Members of the public  can visit the Taipei Marathon Information and Results Finder website (http://marathon.taipei/change.action?request_locale=en_US) via computer or mobile devices to search for marathon  results, apply for free SMS service during the marathon, look up the position  of individual athletes, or watch live steaming of the event. Taipei Marathon, now in its 30th year, is one of the  major marathon events in Taiwan. In accordance with the spirit of overcoming  challenges and sportsmanship highlighted by marathons, the city government  continues to innovate and enhance the quality of the event, providing convenient  services which allow participants to receive instant updates during the race.  From today until December 15, users can submit their applications by visiting  Taipei Marathon Information and Results Finder website to sign up for free SMS  notices on marathon results. We welcome participating runners to take advantage  of this service.                  Taipei Marathon Information  and Results Finder iTAP Cloud Service (Chinese)    
On December 8, Mayor Ko Wen-je cut ribbons for the opening of Center for Innovation Taipei--a new type of office space located at the west wing of Zhongshan Soccer Stadium.Touting the prime locality and comfortable environment of the new facility, the mayor believes the place will become a cradle of innovation and creativity as it is a magnet for youths full of fresh ideas and vitality.  According to Ko, San Francisco has dominated the world of innovation over the past two decades, being the birthplace of household names such as Uber, Apple, Facebook, Youtube, Airbnb, Telsa, and Cisco. The success can be attributed to its diverse and failure-tolerant environment. To encourage innovation, the mayor pointed out that the city government provides one-stop service at the ground floor of the City Hall for would-be entrepreneurs seeking professional advice regarding regulations and available resources. In addition to assistance from the government, Ko reckoned that the establishment of entrepreneurship clusters is also vital to the development of the innovative industry. Taipei currently boasts two such clusters, the Taipei Co-Space in Neihu District and the newly inaugurated the Center for Innovation Taipei at Zhongshan Soccer Stadium.More information on Center for Innovation Taipei can be found at http://www.cit.tw/ 
In a move to encourage the use of green transportation, the Department of Transportation (DOT) has teamed up with Taiwan Urban Bicycle Alliance to launch the Bike Commuters Day free coffee program on every Friday throughout December!Individuals who ride a bicycle to the 12 designated locations across Taipei between 7:30 AM and 9:30 AM on Friday this month will be able to enjoy a cup of coffee and snacks--free of charge.According to DOT, there will be six fixed spots and six surprise locations--published each week based on the feedback and suggestions from residents--where the coffee giveaway is available. Residents who work or attend school at areas around Dongmen, Ximen, Zhongshan, and East District are invited to have a coffee break when cycling to their destinations while showing their support for the cause!  The coffee stalls for December 9 will be set up at the following locations:1. Songjiang Minsheng Intersection--Northwest Corner, MRT Xingtian Temple Station Exit 12. Songjiang Nanjing Intersection--Northeast Corner, net to the YouBike station3. City Hall Songshou Intersection--Southeast Corner, near Taipei World Trade Center Hall 34. Xinsheng Heping Intersection--Northeast Corner, Daan Forest Park5. Nanjing Fuxing Intersection--Southwest Corner6. Xinyi Fuxing Intersection--Southwest Corner, MRT Daan Station Exit 3*7. Xingyi Yongkang Intersection--MRT Dongmen Station Exit 5*8. MRT Ximen Station Exit 3, next to the YouBike Station*9. MRT Zhongshan Station Exit 4, next to the YouBike Station*10. Zhongxiao Guangfu Intersection--Southwest Corner*11. Nanjing Sanmin Intersection--Northwest Corner, next to the YouBike station*12. Xinyi Dunhua Intersection--Northeast Corner, next to the YouBike stationTo learn more about the program, visit https://goo.gl/4GE2Dd (Chinese)
With the arrival of migratory birds, the City is ushering in the annual Huajiang Waterfowl Season starting December 10 at Huajiang Waterfowl Nature Park. Now in its 14th year, the event has been held by Animal Protection Office (APO) in collaboration with local communities in Wanhua District to raise awareness on the protection of Huajiang Wetland.Highlighting Wetland Conservation, LOHAS in Nature, this years event features performances by local groups, wetland tracking, eco-themed games, fairs, quizzes, and more. The activities aim to acquaint residents with the eco diversity of the Huajiang area.   Bird enthusiasts should not miss out on the opportunity to participate in bird-watching activities led by volunteer guides. They will have a chance to observe migratory birds seeking food or resting in the wetlands during winter through telescopes.According to APO, migrating birds from Siberia fly south and spend their winter in Taiwan. Restoration work has been conducted for the citys waterfowl habitat spanning 0.6 hectares to welcome these avian visitors.Monitoring data from Wild Bird Society of Taipei indicates that Huajiang area has spotted the arrival of 7,820 birds in 93 species as of October in 2016. The birds spotted range from Eurasian teals, grey herons, intermediate egrets, great egrets, little ringed plovers, and even some rare species.To learn more about the event, visit APO at http://www.tcapo.gov.taipei/ (Chinese).
Taipei City Foreign and Disabled Labor Office (FDLO) will join hands with Tzu Chi International Medical Association (TIMA) and Taipei City Hospital to offer free health checkup and counseling for foreign workers at the area between West 1 Gate and North 3 Gate inside Taipei Railway Station starting at 1 PM on December 11.Labor Commissioner Lai Hsiang-lin expressed her gratitude to foreign workers contributing to Taiwans development. Through the free checkup services, the commissioner hopes to help these international friends better maintain their health and fitness. The agency began organizing free checkups for foreign workers in 2004. To ease the language barriers, bilingual services will be provided on site to allow participants to better communicate with medical professionals. It also called on employers to provide foreign workers with adequate breaks to lessen their pressure, believing that doing so will yield better work quality and help develop positive employer-employee relations.Health checkups and counseling provided during the event cover fields spanning ophthalmology, dermatology, dentistry, Otolaryngology, general medicine, obstetrics and gynecology, orthopedics, psychosomatic clinic, and Chinese medicine.For more information, please visit FDLOs Chinese website (http://www.fd.gov.taipei/) or call the agency (TEL:02-2559-8518, ext. 5212)
The Department of Social Welfare (DSW) announced that registration for accessible seating at the upcoming New Years Countdown Party will be available between 9 AM on December 7 and 5 PM on December 13.Individuals who are wheelchair-bound, mobility-challenged, mentally-disabled, or people with autism are invited to sign up for a chance to join revelers in watching the performances and firework spectacles live starting at 7 PM on December 31.  The designated zone for the disabled is located at the intersection of New Renai Road and Keelung Road, taking up approximately 70 pings. With a capacity of 170 seats, the zone can accommodate 85 disabled participants and their companions. Those interested in signing up should visit the Chinese website of DSW at http://www.dosw.gov.taipei/ for online registration or call (02)27597728, 27597729 to acquire the application form for fax registration: (02)27209229. The results will be published on the Chinese website of DSW on Monday, December 19. Successful applicants will be notified by email or phone.
The Youth Development Office (YDO) joined hands with the Ministry of Education Youth Development Administration Taipei, Keelung, and Kinmen Youth Volunteer Center and the Ten Outstanding Young Persons Foundation in co-organizing the 2016 Youth Volunteer Service Forum and Results Sharing Event on December 4.The forum invited members of this years international volunteer group to speak about their experience in working on projects abroad. The volunteer corps comprises students from Taipei Municipal Xisong High School, Taipei Municipal Yongchun Senior High School, Taipei Municipal Fuxing Senior High School, and Jingmei Girls High School.The students had opportunities to participate in volunteer works in countries such as Cambodia, Indonesia, Myanmar, and Lesotho. A volunteer from Fuxing Senior High School surnamed Shih recalled that the members painted the walls inside seven classrooms at a middle school in Taunggyi, Myanmar. They merged elements from both Taiwanese indigenous culture and Burmese culture into their works by using 7 color tones. A part of the wall was purposely painted black to allow the students to practice writing their imagination onto it. Another student volunteer talked about her experience in Lesotho, recalling how interactions with locals convey emotions that transcend cultural and geographical borders.YDO pointed out that the agency will continue to promote international volunteer activities for high school students. Photos from past international volunteer events were also shared online via social media, hoping to attract more youths to join the volunteer actions and bringing them to different parts of the world. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je joined 2017 Taipei Universiade mascot Bravo in an interactive archery game at Taipei City Governments booth at 2016 IT Month on December 3.  Highlighting Smart Public Housing, Smart Government, Smart Transportation, and Smart Education, the city government presents its innovative IT achievements at the annual showcase. On Smart Public Housing, Ko noted that the concept encompasses the introduction of intelligent electricity meter, water meter, and gas meter, as well as solar panels. Taipei will work with the central government to drive forward intelligent industries to boost economic growth while promoting energy conservation. Regarding Smart Government, Ko reckoned that the city government has implemented the online management system for official documents to demonstrate its determination to spearhead the e-government effort. The use of paper in the workings of police and fire departments will be phased out in favor of digitized forms.Speaking of Smart Transportation, the mayor pointed out that the City is confronted with the challenge of an increasing population and limited space for roads, citing the quadrupled growth of residents in Neihu District over the past two decades. He hopes that the computerized approach will effectively improve traffic flow. As to Smart Education, Ko remarked that Taipei CooC-Cloud allows students to access online educational resources. It serves as a platform that ensures equal opportunity in education for disadvantaged children.The mayor also visited Rixin Elementary Schools booth which spotlights Maker Education as well as the Universiade booth to experience interactive games incorporating sports and technology.Taipei City Government Booth: No. A534
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the inauguration ceremony of the new building at the Mortuary Services Office Second Funeral Parlor on December 5.During his address, the mayor stressed that the primary objective for the overhaul is to integrate the concept of carbon emission reduction and environmental-friendly green energy into mortuary services. According to Ko, the facilities had served the city well since its inauguration in 1975, yet aspects such as equipment, space utilization, and circulation are inevitably outdated by modern standards. Through the construction project, the facility will acquire more rooms with a taller building, providing more space for funeral services and parking. However, the mayor encouraged visitors to take public transportation to minimize the impact on traffic along Xinhai Road.The mayor stressed that in the interest of sustainability, he believes in not using drapes, seat covers, and rugs. However, the City respects the wishes of everyone and does its best to accommodate their preferences. He hopes that the new building will provide the public with quality environment during memorial services.During the interview after the event, the media asked Ko why he was so detailed in his inspection of the cold chambers. The mayor explained that it is a habit from his days as a doctor, being highly interested in aspects such as sanitation and sterilization.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a rite of passage ceremony to mark the 16th anniversary of the founding of Guandu Nature Park on December 1.During his address, Ko noted that Guandu Nature Park, situated along Tamsui River and Keelung River, boasts beautiful scenery and rich wetland resources and serves as an important symbol of sustainable ecosystem in Taipei.The mayor took the opportunity to express his gratitude to three parties without whose contributions the park could not have come such a long way. He first acknowledged the effort by Taipei City Government, which invested a remarkable amount of NT$15 billion in land expropriation and transformation of the topographic features for the park.Ko also paid tribute to Wild Bird Society of Taipei, which dedicated to caring the park for 16 years. Thanks to its endeavor, Guandu Nature Park has been honored as a model of wetland conservation by the Ramsar Convention Secretariat. It is also the first institute to have received environmental education certificate in Taiwan. In addition, the mayor gave credit to Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) for its strong support of the park over the years in the form of both hardware and software sponsorships. A great number of volunteers for the park also hail from HSBS employees.
To live up to Mayor Ko Wen-jes open government, public participation philosophy, Department of Information Technology (DOIT) announced that information regarding 2017 Taipei City Government General Budget is now available on http://budget.taipei (Chinese).Presented in graphical formats, the visualized website allows residents to obtain a clearer picture of the citys budget breakdown. Users are also welcome to provide their opinions through the feedback mechanism. The mobile version of the website has also been optimized to allow for better navigation experience. In cooperation with Department of Budget, Accounting and Statistics, DOIT utilized machine readable budget data from the Citys Open Data platform. It empowers users to develop value added applications by taking advantage of the more accessible and understandable data provided on the website.In the future, DOIT will seek the assistance of Department of Social Affairs to publish statistics about Lottery Revenue Distribution Fund through visual representation. 
After undergoing an overhaul to remove the damages caused by Typhoon Megi, the Taipei Rose Garden will reopen to the public with an exhibition featuring pressed flower art between December 2 and 25!In collaboration with the United Pressed Flower Art Society, the exhibition encompasses 32 delicate artworks which were displayed at the Shanghai New International Expo Center and the 9th Cross-strait (Xiamen) Cultural Industries Fair earlier this year. The event organizer also invited the agricultural technology center and pressed art club from South Koreas Gurye County to conduct an exchange on techniques regarding the craft during the exhibit. According to Parks and Street Lights Office Director Huang Li-yuan, pressed flower art extends the lifespan of plants in the form of eternal beauty. Incorporating elements of roses, the exhibition allows visitors to appreciate the painterly artworks against a background of a real rose garden. Viewers are given a rare opportunity to take a closer look at how the various traits of petals and leaves can be revived through pressing and flattening. The showcase also features hands-on activities for participants to create their own pieces of art. *Tutorial:Date and Time: 1:30 PM on December 2Registration: Call 02-25850192, ext. 216 or 0963360430 to sign up*Location:Taipei Rose Garden at Expo Parks Xinsheng Park Area (Open 8 AM to 5 PM)The indoor botanic garden at Xinsheng Park Area (Open 9 AM to 5 PM, Closed on Monday)*Address: No. 105, Sec. 3, Xinsheng N. Rd.*Directions:MRT: Exit 1, Yuanshan Station, Tamsui-Xinyi LineBus: Routes 203, 277, 279, 280 Direct, 285, 606, 612, 685, and 109 (disembark at Minzu East Road Intersection stop) routes 72, 222, 527, M9, R34, and BR16 (disembark at Xinsheng Park)
Joining hands with the French Office in Taipei, Taipei 101, 7 major department stores in East District and the Chaoyang, Taipei Station Rear Area, and Huayin commercial districts, the city government will hold a series of activities under the theme 2016 Taipei Christmas Season starting December 1.The main attraction of the festival includes a treasure hunt activity that involves over 40 businesses and 7 major department stores across the city. There are also fun activities such as discount for individuals showing up in Christmas dress code and a stamp rally. The organizers have also prepared 10 limited-production nutcracker models for the public as prizes to those who successfully complete the stamp rally. Details on the rules can be found inside the activity booklet.The Treasure Map pamphlet will be available at Tourist Information Centers and partner stores across Taipei. There are only limited copies available, so pick them up while supplies last! A digital version of the treasure map/stamp collection pamphlet is also available from the activity website: https://goo.gl/QEbY5pThe Christmas Market, comprising 15 cottages, will operate at the Taipei 101 fountain plaza between December 1 and 25. The market is open at noon and lasts until 9:30 PM Sunday through Thursday. The hours are extended till 10 PM Fridays and Saturdays. Admission is free for the public.For more information, please visit the Chinese website of Taipei City Office of Commerce (http://www.tcooc.gov.taipei/), the agencys FB page (http://www.facebook.com/tcooc/), or the Chinese activity website (http://www.2016taipei-xmas.com.tw). 
With the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei set to take place in August next year, the organizing committee of the sports event announced that a logistics task force coordinating resources from the central and city governments as well as the private sector has been assembled to provide facilitated delivery service to and from 79 stadiums, venues, media center, athletes village, and hotels.According to Chief Executive Officer of the Taipei Universiade Su Li-chiung, meticulous logistics planning is required prior to, in the middle of, and after the games. An estimated 5,000 freight vehicles and 7,000 staff members will be mobilized to service during the event, presenting an opportunity for the world to witness the capabilities of Taiwan in logistics operations for large scale international events.Taiwan International Logistics & Supply Chain Association Chairman Richard Yeh pointed out that the logistics fleet consists of Eva Air, China Airlines, Yang Ming Marine Transport Corporation, Evergreen Marine Corp., Wan Hai Lines, Dimerco Express Group, Oriental Logistics Group, Kerry TJ Logistics, HCT Logistics, Global Business Group, SF Express, C.H. Robinson, Agility Logistics, and more.The logistics preparation for the Taipei Universiade has been ongoing for three years, resulting in the Universiade Logistics Manual outlining the overall operation plan involving opinions from experts and scholars in related areas. Lauding the innovative services of the Taipei Universiade organizing committee, FISU (International University Sports Federation) noted the manual will serve as a valuable source of reference for future host cities of the games. 
The city government has mobilized all available resources in response to reports of three confirmed cases of dengue fever in Neihu District. Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji gave instructions during an emergency meeting on November 28, pledging to avoid a repeat of the alarming scenario where multiple outbreaks of the disease in southern Taiwan last year left local governments struggling to contain the pandemic.  Following the briefings by the health, environmental protection, and education departments, Teng pointed out that the three cases are likely imported ones. The focus of the city governments countermeasure now relies on thorough cleanup, disinfection, and eradication of breeding sites at Ruiguang Borough in Neihu. Residents living in the neighborhood are also urged to take precautions against mosquito bites. The Department of Environmental Protection will dispatch 50 to 120 staff members daily to conduct a week-long environmental cleanup in Ruiguang Borough starting November 27. Regarding vector control, the city government will implement efforts to remove mosquito breeding grounds with the use of insecticides at schools and in the neighborhood. The dengue fever preventive measures will continue to be implemented until December 21. In addition to requesting the Department of Civil Affairs to promote self-administered health monitoring for the detection of dengue fever symptoms and mobilize local communities to remove standing water in containers and car canopies, the deputy mayor also instructed the Department of Health to enforce dengue surveillance and report system.   
Following renovations in April, the Extreme Sports Ground inside the Neihu Sports Park has been reopened to the public. Admission to the facility is completely free.According to the Sewerage Systems Office (SSO), the 3.8-hectare sports park built on top of the underground sewage treatment plant located next to Minquan Bridge contains several extreme sports facilities, as well as rock-climbing wall, sand pits, landscape pool, children play area, and exercise equipment.The ideal sports and leisure environment attracts extreme sports athletes to practice in the area, as well students and amateur athletes  even professional athletes occasionally visit the facilities. The Neihu Sewage Treatment Plant is responsible for processing the waste water from households located in the eastern districts of Taipei City. The plant can process up to 240,000 tons of waste water on a daily basis, helping to improving living standards and quality of the environment in urban areas.Plant director Chang Hsien-te remarked that the extreme sports facilities located above the plant are open daily between morning and 10:30 PM. The facilities also appeared in episodes of TV series including episodes from Dear Mom, King Flower, and Better Man.Directions:1.	Bus: Routes 552, 63, S2, and BL26 (disembark at Neihu Sports Park stop) routes 204 and 518 (disembark at Xinhu and Xingzhong Intersection stop and walk for 3 minutes).2.	Driving: There is a free parking lot on the west side of the park after drivers pass through Tiding Boulevard Section 1 (Motorcyclists can take Jiouzong Road Section 2 (Note: the parking lot does not have motorcycle parking spaces).
With Christmas approaching, Taipei Childrens Amusement Park (TCAP) will launch a month-long event to breathe some festive air to the kids favorite playground between December 1, 2016 and January 2, 2017!Individuals visiting TCAP during the event period can acquire a stamp cardonly 500 cards available per day--at the visitor information center. The card contains three parts, requiring a total of ten points. You can acquire one point by either taking a ride, making a purchase of NT$200 or more at the park stores, or buying goods totaling NT$150 or more at Kawai Candyland or VR Kingdom. Participants can redeem one goodie bag (worth NT$300) with ten points collected, after which they are eligible to enter a raffle by placing the card into a lottery box. Lucky winners can bring home gifts ranging from iPhone 7, electric car for kids, to TCAP pass valid for six months! The lucky draws will take place on December 10, 17, 24, and January 2.To enjoy free admission, an individual dressed in Christmas-themed outfit or wearing related accessories will receive free admission to the park along with two other companions. At nightfall, a two-story-high giant Christmas tree and Christmas cabin will introduce a festive atmosphere to the park. With park hours extended to 8 PM every Saturday and Sunday during this period, visitors can thoroughly enjoy the illuminated ornaments on the trees and shrubs. In addition to the illumination display at night, Santa Claus will lead a parade at the park during daytime over the weekend. Kids are invited to take parkin the procession and sing Christmas carols, for a chance of receiving special souvenirs from old Saint Nick. Whats more, the DEM KIDS near the Kawai Candyland will introduce children to a paradise created via interactive technology. Participants embark on an adventure through a fairy forest, helping animals that lost their way and riding on the back of a whale to accomplish their mission!To learn more about the Christmas event, please call Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation at (02)218-12345 or visit http://www.tcap.taipei/ (Chinese). 
The documentary Taipei Farming Images  City Agriculture Series is officially being aired at the Land Bank Exhibition Hall of the National Taiwan Museum. The event marks the first overnight agriculture documentary film exhibition to take place during Mayor Ko Wen-jes administration. The topic for this year is Awakening City, Original-flavored Agriculture. The organizers invited celebrities including writer Hsiao Yeh and Director of Fly, Kite Fly Liang Chieh-te to take part in the discussion forum and show their support for local agriculture.During his address, the mayor noted that Taipei City is working on the implementation of a Garden City. Simply put, the policy is to realize the natural living-style which our ancestors adopted, including the adherence to core values such as environmental protection, sustainability, and ecology.He noted that based on the belief of supporting young farmers and urban farmers, the exhibition will be playing a collection of agriculture-related documentaries produced over the past seven years by students from various visual and cinematics departments of colleges and universities. The purpose of the showcase is to allow students living in the city to learn more about Taipeis agriculture industry through films and documentaries, boosting their interest in the land where we live.Economic Development Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh remarked that the three documentaries produced this year offers details on agriculture and a rare view into the stories of Taipeis young farmers. These include a twenty-plus-year-old farmer who inherits the family business in gardening, the story of three generations of tea farmers, and an award-winning farmer focusing on raising bamboo shoots.Chi Sing Eco-conservation Foundation Executive Secretary River Jiang noted that a discussion panel among leading roles, directors, and celebrities following the documentaries will allow citizens to acquire a better understanding of the different aspects of agriculture. Hopefully, the platform will help to promote Taipeis agriculture products to more people.
The  much-anticipated 2016 CKS Shilin  Residence Chrysanthemum Show will kick off on November 27! As a warm-up event  for the upcoming 2017 Taipei Universiade, this year the mum festival will  feature gardening art installations where sports take center stage. A 3.2-meter tall  green sculpture titled Chrysanthemum Bravo--the mascot character for the  international sports eventwill make his debut at the exhibition. Wearing a  gold medal made with flowers, Bravo invites the public to cheer for athletes  from around the world. Exhibition Transformed into Sports Arena    According to the  organizer, this year the chrysanthemum show encompasses ten exhibition areas of  different themes, employing hundreds of thousands of chrysanths coming in wild  varieties and cultivars to create a sports arena that adds momentum to the  Universiade campaign. Visitors will feel awed by the sheer power and beauty  demonstrated through the arrangement of mums, which are often associated with  delicateness. Some of the  highlights include Hall of Fame, displaying a hundred of chrysanthemum  species collected from the private sector over the years Dancing Mums,  showcasing edible mums to echo the Farm City initiative as well as areas  decorated in the spirit of archery, fencing, track and field, gymnastics, and  others.  In addition to immersing  the blooming chrysanths, visitors will be able to relish in food and beverages  made with elements from the flower as well as enjoying a great deal of preferential  offers provided by Shilin-based businesses spanning accommodation and wedding  photography.  Performances and Farm City Activities   The chrysanthemum show will also bring to you 27 sessions of concerts,  dance performances, and cultural activities during weekends and holidays.  Families with 3-12 year-old kids are especially invited to take part in the  Parent-Child Costume Carnival on December 11 which promises attractive prizes  including Taipei-Hong Kong tickets. Interested individuals should sign up in  advance.  CKS Shilin Residence Facebook Fan Page Event    Between November  17 and December 5 (before 12 noon), individuals who upload a picture of him or  her taken at the chrysanthemum show of this year or previous years to the CKS  Shilin Residence Facebook fan page (https://www.facebook.com/2016chshow/)  will be eligible to enter a raffle to win an NT$250 voucher at the CKS Caf or  earn a free night at Chientan Youth Activity Center!  2016 CKS Shilin  Residence Chrysanthemum Show   Date: November 27   December 11   Time: Outdoor Exhibition  (8 AM  7 PM) Indoor Exhibition (8 AM  5 PM)   Location: CKS  Shilin Residence Park (Address: No. 60, Fuhua Rd.)   Transportation: Exit  2 at MRT Shilin Station, a 7-minute walk    Website: https://www.facebook.com/2016chshow/ (Chinese)   (Photos Courtesy  of CKS Shilin Residence Facebook fan page)  
Mayor Ko Wen-je received a donation of 80,000 pieces of clothing for 2017 Taipei Universiade staff from Fu Hsun Fiber Industries Co. at Taipei Stadium as part of the Citys effort to promote the international sports event.The Taiwan-based company will sponsor apparel from hats to pants for volunteers and staff members during the games as well as garments for promotional purposes.Ko observed that half of the worlds firefighter clothing and 85 percent of leotards worn by American rhythmic gymnasts are manufactured in Taiwan. In the 2014 World Cup, athletes from more than ten countries were competing against each other dressed in made-in-Taiwan jerseys. Adding that he was impressed at the cut resistant fabric during a trip to Wanhua garment district, the mayor stressed that the textile industry is a source of pride for the island.     The hosting of 2017 Summer Universiade is significant for Taiwan as it presents an opportunity to increase the islands international profile. It is with this objective that the city government has sought to solicit sponsors mainly from the island.   Ko expressed his gratitude to Fu Hsun Fiber Industries for the generous donation. He remarked that city staff will be asked to wear Universiade clothing from now on as a way to promote the sports event while helping market Taiwans prowess in the textile sector.
The award ceremony for Shoot Your City--the video and photography competition aimed at capturing the diverse faces of Taipei--took place on November 23.Winners have emerged from a pool of 2,087 submissions received between September 9 and October 24.  Deputy Commissioner Chen Yu-hsin of Department of Information and Tourism expressed her gratitude to those who participated in the contest for revealing the diverse and international facets of Taipei from unique perspectives and through employing different techniques. A panel member for the photo category surnamed Yu reckoned that the focus of the panel is upon the interactions between people and the city, as well as the composition and angle from which the photo was taken. Video category judge Lin remarked that, to his amazement, winners of the first three places stood out in terms of sophistication, skillfulness and expressiveness. Ti Le-ping, whose work Image Hunting won the top prize in the photo category, recorded the moment when foreign tourists were adjusting their positions to capture the Taipei Basin from up on Xiangshan (Elephant Mountain) with their cameras. Lin Xiang-ling, winner of the video category with Memories of a Pair of Old Shoes, shared with the audience how she recounted her childhood days in Dadaocheng through the story of a pair of worn-out shoes embarking on its last journey to ever so familiar places before it meets its end. The winning works will be displayed on the first floor of Guanghua Digital Plaza between November 24 and December 1. 
Among the goals listed under the mayors Vision 2050, the West District Portal Project ranks as one of the landmarks, heralding urban aesthetics and reshaping the Citys image. With this objective in mind and in compliance with the city governments policy, the Urban Development Department (UDD) seeks to integrate transportation principles centered on people and incorporate a human-centric pedestrian environment highlighting the historical characteristics of the area in the future design of the pedestrian zone near North Gate. Commissioner of Urban Development Lin Jou-min noted the central axis of the West District Portal Project begins from North Gate, travels along Yanping South Road past Futai Street Mansion and terminates at Zhongshan Hall. By implementing a pedestrian zone emphasizing the historical essence, it will help improve the overall environment while connecting the historical buildings in the neighborhood to create an area with strong cultural characteristics.In addition, Cultural Heritage Committee member Lee Chien-lang took the opportunity to display his sketches of old buildings in the area. Through his works, the characteristics of the historical neighborhood become even more evident.UDD noted that the first stage of construction between North Gate and Kaifeng Street is slated for completion next year. Depending on available funding in the future, the agency will continue the project and extend the walkway all the way to Zhongshan Hall in the later stage.
The Urban Regeneration Office (URO) announced that the city government will loosen rules on subsidy application for old buildings to install elevators in a bid to improve the living quality of senior citizens and the physically challenged as well as increasing the lifespan of buildings. The measure takes effect starting November 22.   According to the amended requirements, the agreement document signed by all property owners of the condominium in question can be replaced by an affidavit assuring that any illegal structures or construction obstacles will be removed, if the applicant is the building management committee. The affidavit shall be provided by the management committee executing decisions made during the unit owner assembly.The maximum amount of subsidy is NT$2 million covering design and construction fees. The amount can be as high as NT$3 million should the elevator specifications meet Taipei City Universal Design Standards.URO hopes that through the relaxing of qualifications, the City will see more implementation of lift addition projects to benefit residents dwelling on the upper floors of old apartments and help create a barrier-free environment.To learn more about the subsidy program, please contact Tsuei Ma Foundation for Housing and Community Service (02-2365-8140, ext. 233) or URO (02-2781-5696, ext. 3156~3159). For inquiries on establishment of a building management committee, please call the 1999 Citizen Hotline, ext. 8388.
What happens if the toilet in your house gets clogged? What should you do when you see water overflowing in the flush toilet? The Sewerage Systems Office (SSO) of the Public Works Department noted that staff members with professional skills and knowledge on the cleaning of house sewer pipes are only a phone call away. According to Section Chief Chen from SSOs Maintenance Construction Division, citizens can either call the 1999 Citizen Hotline or SSOs 24-hour cleaning hotline (TEL: 02-2596-8603 or 02-2596-8631) to ask for professional assistance. The staff members are equipped with weapons such as plumbing snakes and toilet augers, as well as sewer pipe inspection camera to investigate the clog  even high pressure washers if necessary.With sewer pipes covering a total distance of roughly 10,200 kilometers (enough to encircle the entire Taiwan 12 times), every 3 out of 4 households are connected with the public sewer system. However, there are often reports of sewer abuse by people who flush waste materials such as clothes, kitchen waste, waste cooking oil, hair, tampons  and even cement  down the toilet, resulting in severe damages and affecting neighbors.In addition to seeking help, SSO reminds the public that they can help with maintaining a clean house sewer by changing their daily habits, such as not disposing of items that are not flushable down the toilet and wiping the grease off pots and kitchenware with paper towels before rinsing them. 
Parks and Street Lights Office invites the public to submit potential names for the new Jiaoliu Plazalocated at the convergence of six transit systems including Taiwan High Speed Rail, Taiwan Railways, Taipei MRT, Taoyuan International Airport MRT, and Taiwan Bus.As part of the West District Gateway Project, Jiaoliu Plaza construction has commenced on November 1 following the relocation of Taipei West Bus Station and is slated for completion by the end of 2017 Chinese New Year holiday. The square, on the east side of Zhongxiao West Road and Chongqing North Road intersection, seeks to provide a pleasant rest area for commuters and visitors utilizing the Citys new traffic hub.Designed in the concept of Taipei Travel Plaza, Jiaoliu Plaza is part of the Citys plan to build a tourism belt spotlighting historical sites such as the North Gate, Taipei Railway Station, and National Taiwan Museum. To enhance its image as the gateway of the island, the plaza will appear as the living room of a green city incorporating a selection of verdant trees and flowering shrubs from beech, sweetgum, to azaleas.To the north of the plaza, an expansive lawn will span an area of 5,056 square meters with a capacity of 1,500 to 2,000 people, serving as a venue for performances, picnics, concerts, among other events. It will boast lighting installations to create illumination effects depending on different occasions and facilities echoing the red bricks of the North Gate.Submissions will be accepted between November 19 and December 4, 2016. An i-voting event will be conducted to determine the winner out of a shortlist of nominees picked by the judge panel. The winner emerging from the online vote will receive NT$10,000 cash money.Participants please note that the name for the plaza should contain no more than six Chinese characters. A description of the name and meanings behind it must be provided (no more than 100 words).  To join in and learn more about the naming contest, click the Chinese link below:https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeugdp7_6c_Q7F5IAn0pYK-eLukuKSeqC945AbtPY9PphKkFQ/viewform?c=0&w=1
Mayor Ko Wen-je reiterated that promoting Farm City is an essential part of his administration and that he believes the initiative will bring benefits to individuals, the campus, the city, and industries in a result presentation press event on November 21.According to Ko, Department of Education has pioneered the Small Farm Education Program in institutions from kindergarten to high school levels. The city government will increase the budget year by year for this cause, hoping that food and farming education will allow students to acquire knowledge on crop cultivation through hands-on experience. For elementary school students in particular, they will learn the skills to grow, harvest, and cook vegetables on their own, after which they are required to convert the kitchen waste into compost. The process serves to strengthen life and group education.Answering media questions on his objective of the Farm City initiative, Ko pointed out that the priority will be to promote green roof across schools, public institutions, and private buildings. He added that transforming a building rooftop into a garden at the cost of approximately NT$100,000 to NT$150,000 will result in lower room temperatures in summer and less use of air conditioners. He invited residents to visit the green roof booth at an expo slated to be held at Taipei Expo Park for more information at the end of the year.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je participated in a historical site tour. He had the opportunity to walk around Wanhua District as part of the 2016 Old TaipeiNew Highlight initiative. During his address, the mayor noted that Wanhua District boasts rich cultural heritage, encompassing Longshan Temple, Qingshan Temple, Bopiliao, and other historical sites. It also provides wonderful opportunities for industry upgrade that could lead to prosperity.Ko added that in an age with high demands for e-commerce, logistics, and quality, upgrading businesses is the best way to stave off competition. He has high expectations for the development of Wanhua, as the district possesses abundant resources in humanity and tourism, is home to the DESIGN Atelier which provides pattern drafting and sampling services for apparel and accessory businesses, and the fact that 70 percent of the islands designers are based in Taipei. With the inauguration of the twin skyscrapers Gate of Taipei, a large influx of tourists can be expected, bringing in new commercial opportunities and boding well for the development of Wanhua garment district, the mayor reckoned. Ko expressed his gratitude to the director of Wanhua District and the commissioner of Social Affairs for their effort in resolving the issue of homeless people at Monga Park. The reconstruction of Huannan Market and the First Fruit and Vegetable Wholesale Market, which will be modelled onTokyos Tsukiji Fish Market, will also seek to boost the number of foreign visitors.Answering media questions about what attracted his attention during the visit to Fashion Institute of Taipei (Xiyuan 29), the mayor remarked that he is mostly impressed with the cut-resistant fabric, an achievement of Taiwans textile industry thanks to technological advances.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the award ceremony following the finals of the 2016 TPC Taipei Cup eSports Competition at Syntrend in the evening of November 20.During his address, he noted that the eSports population in Taiwan amounts to roughly 7.6 million. Not only is Taipei City the municipality with the highest concentration of Taiwans entertainment industry, it is also the city with a population who spend the most time on watching e-sport events on the planet. The city boasts a comprehensive infrastructure spanning hardware, software, consumers, and eSports organizations.The mayor stressed that his attitude towards the development of eSports has always been private sector leads, government supports. Rather than having the government act, the question should be what the eSports industry needs to fuel development and what obstacles that would require the help from the public sector to overcome.Having watched an event last month at Y17 Youth Center, Ko remarked that eSports has a meaning in terms of driving social changes. He also pointed out that the city government has done many things to help promote eSports competitions and support innovative eSports companies. Ko believes that Taiwan has access to many elements in the eSports realm, and the only thing lacking is to integrate all these factors together. However, he believes that game content needs further strengthening. He hopes that the industry can let the city government know how it could help to make them develop and flourish.At the end of his talk, Ko cited both the famous Hanshan-Shide Zen conversation and the Japanese artisan culture to encourage the participants to give whatever they are doing their utmost effort, aiming to become the best in the world.
Taipei Zoo announced that there are five new denizens in  the Bird World Squarefour pink-backed and one great white pelicans! To educate the public on the unique characteristics of  different birds, the Zoo has introduced the new members to the Water Bird Area,  where a 39-year-old male white great pelican became a widower a few years ago  and appears sad and lonely in the pool despite having the company of other bird  species including grey crown cranes and black-necked swans. With the arrival of the new friends, the male pelican has  regained vitality and can be seen preening and frolicking with the pink-backed  pelicans. Another amusing scene involves how the veteran denizen dexterously  beat others to it when catching the delicious fish thrown to them by zoo  workers at feeding time. The Zoo invites the public to visit the Water Bird Area at  feeding time from 2 PM to 3 PM during which the pelicans are most active.  Visitors will be able to observe the long beak and large throat pouch  characteristic of the birds at a close distance.  Taipei Zoo: http://www.zoo.gov.tw/ (Chinese)   Facebook fan page:http://www.facebook.com/TaipeiZoo (Chinese)   YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/TaipeiZoo (Chinese)    
The Office of Commerce (TCOOC) is joining hands with French Office in Taipei to hold a Christmas festival like no other! Strasbourg Christmas Market at Taipei 101For the first time, the famed Strasbourg Christmas Market is coming to town at the Taipei 101 dancing water square between December 1 and 25. The outdoor fair will feature a wide array of delicacies and Christmas ornaments from France, promising to bring locals the most authentic European Christmas experience. According to Department of Economic Development Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh, the event presents an opportunity to boost cultural exchange as the market will also showcase handicrafts from Taipeis traditional commercial districts known for their handmade goods. Founded in 1570, Strasbourg Christmas Market is the oldest of its kind in France, Director of French Office in Taipei M. Benot Guidee noted. Taipei is the third city to be able to taste what the Market has to offer following Mosco and Tokyo. He hopes the event will allow visitors to revel in a festive atmosphere as if they were in France. The marketplace, comprising 15 French-style cabins, will offer delicatessen foods, confectionery, mulled wine, beer, and crafted products. Against a background of splendid illuminations, two giant Christmas trees, and a fantastic carousel, the fair will truthfully reflect the essence of Strasbourg--Capital of Christmas. Collecting Stampsto GetNutcracker Soldier DollsAnother highlight of the 2016 Taipei Christmas Festival is the stamp collection activity. Starting December 1, public members can acquire a treasure map at the citys visitor information centers, contracted department stores, or via app marq+ and embark on a stamp-collecting quest for Christmas scenery. With three stamps and a NT$200 purchase invoice, participants will be able to exchange for a limited edition Nutcracker soldier doll! Christmas Dress Code for Hot DealsWhats more, individuals dressed in red and green will enjoy preferential offers at contracted stores throughout the festival from December 1 and 25. Those who register their invoice numbers with a purchase of NT$100 at contracted stores on the activity website will also be eligible to enter a raffle offering Taipei-France round-trip tickets and NT$100,000 prize money! 2016 Taipei Christmas Festival: http://www.2016taipei-xmas.com.tw/(Chinese) 
In a bid to tap into Indonesian and Muslim tourism market and as part of the central governments New Southbound Policy, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) hosted a dinner banquet for 200 dignitaries from the travel industry and media outlets of 23 Indonesian cities on November 15.The itinerary for their eight-day-long sojourn in Taiwan from November 9 through 16 includes trips to Taoyuan, Tainan, Chiayi, Kaohsiung, and Taipei. At the event, TPEDOIT Commissioner Chien Yu-yen briefed the dignitaries on Taipeis tourist attractions, Muslim-friendly environment, and the upcoming 2017 Taipei Universiade, while seeking to explore collaborative opportunities to promote tourism in Taipei. The attendees expressed their gratitude when receiving a brochure in Indonesian and a Muslim worship blanket with a compass, among other thoughtful gifts from TPEDOIT. According to Chien, Indonesia boasts a population of 250 million. As the largest Muslim country in the world, 86% of its population practice Islam. Since Taiwan loosened visa restrictions for Indonesia this September, the island has seen a 17.88% year-on-year rise the same month in tourists arriving from the South Asian country. Statistics also suggests that only 18% of Indonesian visitors come to Taiwan for travel purposes, indicating there is still room for growth. To underscore Taipeis effort in creating a Muslim friendly environment, Chien noted that there are 41 Halal restaurants and hotels in the city Muslim prayer rooms and related facilities at Taipei Railway Station, City Hall, and other places as well as pork free and nonalcoholic signs across 32 night markets. The City also invited Indonesian singer Siti Badriah to perform at Expo Dome duringthe important festival Idul Fitri in July.The group has visited 1914 Huashan Creative Park, Ximending, Xinyi Commercial District, Taipei 101, and Taipei Discovery Center. The members were impressed at the citys convenient transportation, hospitality, and good social order. 
Starting with Majimeows stint as the spokesperson of the family-friendly zone of the MRT Songshan-Xindian Line in 2015, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) is introducing a new mascot to strengthen the promotion for the designated area starting today!The new spokesperson for the family-friendly zone is Bravo, the mascot character for the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei! This time, Bravo will appear on special Universiade Bravo Sports Train which will run along the Tamsui-Xinyi Line.The family-friendly zone of the MRT train is located in the area between the fourth entrance of train carriage three and the first entrance of train carriage four. The area encompasses a total of 24 seats (excluding the priority seats) and could be identified by the pink-colored, heart-shape stickers on the wall of the train. The corresponding area of the platform is also marked with pink-color labels.The concept of the family-friendly zone is similar to those of priority seats and priority elevators, which calls upon the public to give way to those with needs, such as kids or people with baby carriages, senior citizens, and pregnant women.Following the popular acclaim for the trains with family-friendly zones running on the Songshan Line, TRTC continues the campaign by adding the zone to trains on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line. The first to appear is Bravo and six trains designated Universiade Bravo Sports Train. In addition to the pink heart-shaped stickers, there are images of Bravo on the train as well!
On November 15, Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji presided over a press conference to inaugurate the Drug Enforcement Center and Drug Prevention Center, which incorporates cross-department resources in a bid to create a drug-free citya major policy of the Ko administration.According to Teng, the Police Department has stepped up crackdown on drug trade over the past two years, capturing approximately 413 kilograms of drugs valued at NT$5 billion in 2014 alone  the highest in the past five years. Mephedrone, MDMA, Nimetazepam, and Amphetamine comprise the majority of illegal substances confiscated during the raids. The public should take special notice that an increasing number of cases involve drugs which are disguised as candy, jelly, coffee (placed inside bags), among other food products. The deputy mayor stressed that Mayor Ko believes drug addicts should be treated as patients instead of convicts. It is imperative that they receive appropriate rehabilitation with the prospect of being able to return to normal lives. In light of this, the City has launched a three-tier anti-drug campaign which encompasses promoting anti-drug education, discovering and reducing high-risk drug abuse groups, and expanding medical intervention. Answering media questions about whether large-scale raids are likely during Christmas and New Year holidays, Police Commissioner Chiu Feng-kuan assures that the authorities will continue to clamp down on drug abuse during major holidays at venues such as pubs, clubs, and related businesses. Drug Enforcement Center Hotline: 02-2393-2393 
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that a test program offering a 30-day all-you-can-ride pass on the MRT will take place between January and March in 2017.To encourage the public to utilize public transit, the city government has provided a 20-percent discount for using electronic wallets to pay for MRT fares, as well as two-way transfer discount when changing from MRT to bus and vice versa. The latest endeavor seeks to lessen the economic burden of MRT commuters traveling either long distance or making frequent trips on the MRT. For the regular commuters, the pass will also encourage them to take advantage of the MRT more when traveling for other uses other than commuting, such as shopping and leisure trips. Judging from the stats collected by TRTC, the pilot monthly pass program is likely to benefit over 1,000 riders. Due to the fact that the majority of passengers hold multiple electronic wallet cards, the company noted that the introduction of the monthly pass might lead to changes in the usage behavior. The agency expects to acquire a more accurate picture following the three month implementation of the pilot program.According to TRTC, the company offers numerous travel plans targeting different types of commuter groups. These include the recent promotion program offering lucky new graduates from colleges and universities free rides on the MRT, one day pass for parent and kid, group discount ticket for friends traveling together, and early bird discounts for commuters taking the MRT to MRT Xihu and MRT Gangqian stations.
The Office of Commerce (TCOOC) will be holding the annual Tea Harvest Festival at Maokong on December 3.According to TCOOC Director Tsai Tsung-hsiung, the fest is held around winter solstice each year by Maokong tea growers in celebration of the successful harvest of the preceding year. To express locals gratitude for the blessings, the festival will feature a series of traditions and activities.Goddess Tea Trade Matsu, enshrined in the headquarters of Taipei Tea Merchants Association and boasting a history of 127 years, will embark on a pilgrimage to extend her blessings to the tea industry of the district.   What follows is the tea sealing ceremony, practiced by professional instructors leading participants to write down their wishes on a note and seal it along with new tea leaves in a canister. Once sealed, the tea leaves undergo fermentation, resulting in unique flavors to be relished when the seal is broken many years later.In addition to the customs, the fest will feature other activities including tea sampling at the plank platform near Maokong Gondola Maokong Station, taiko drum performances, martial art lectures to promote 2017 Taipei Universiade, and more.Sign up for the tea sealing event by dialing 02-2391-1368, ext. 5072 or visiting http://goo.gl/nWNqrF (Chinese). Only 40 participants are available. The closing date for registration is November 20.   To learn more about the Tea Harvest Festival, visit http://www.facebook.com/tcooc (Chinese).
Taipeis first dog park is now open to the public!Located at the intersection of Civic Boulevard and Linsen North Road, the Xingsan Base has been renamed Huashan Park Dog Area, given its close proximity to the Huashan 1914 Creative Park and the Central Culture Park.The establishment of the dog park is in line with Mayor Ko Wen-jes white paper on building an animal friendly city. He pledged to increase space and facilities in the city which are enclosed by railings and fences, allowing canines to roam freely off leash without causing disturbance to pedestrians or vehicles.   Unlike dog parks along riverbanks, Huashan Park Dog Area is tucked away in downtown Taipei, providing residents and pet dogs with a haven where humans engage in exercise while their furry companions run wild and socialize with other animals. Dog waste bags are also available at the venue, encouraging pet owners to help maintain a clean and pleasant environment.The Animal Protection Office (APO) pointed out that dog trainers will be invited to give lessons on how to improve human-dog interaction, among other activities at the park each weekend through December 25. Pet owners are welcome to participate in the free class.  According to APO, the agency has evaluated 29 parks and greens in Taipei to look for suitable locations for the dog park since 2015 and conducted surveys among borough chiefs about 24 available venues. The city will continue to add one or two more dog parks in the future.
On November 13, Mayor Ko arrived at Zhongshan District to inspect the bicycle lanes located along Fuxing North Road, Nanjing East Road, and Songjiang Road. During the trip, the mayor listened to the briefing provided by staff membes from the Department of Transportation on the porous pavement material used for the bicycle lanes. Speaking to the media, Ko noted that the overall planning involves not only the bicycle trail, but also the removal of obstacles such as the transformer boxes and cable railing posts along the way, as well as the clear division between pedestrian walkway and bicycle lane. While the cost may appear hefty if taking only the bicycle lanes into consideration, the results indicated that the project is a complete overhaul of the pedestrian environment of Taipei City. The price tag for Fuxing North and South Roads approaches NT$180 million, but also includes the deployment of the porous pavement, removal of cable railing posts and transformer boxes, and adjustment to existing bus stops.During his interview with the media, the mayor noted that after inspecting a number of the citys bicycle lanes, he has taken notes of some of the drawbacks which he will discuss with the Transportation Department to find ways to make improvements. As for whether the ongoing construction for bicycle lanes have caused grievances, the mayor remarked that based on the citys calculation of average vehicle speed for road sections undergoing constructions, results indicate that the speed returns to normal following the conclusion of works and no permanent impact upon traffic. He also added that the city will continue to collect information on the bicycle lanes until January of 2017. This report will form the basis for the next phase of Taipeis bicycle lane deployment strategy.
To introduce Taipeis vibrant entrepreneurial scene to the world, the Department of Economic Development (DOED) has launched the Taipei Story program. Stories of 20 startups chosen from a total of 883 subsidized local companies will be featured on the Chinese website Subsidies & Incentives for Taipei Industry (www.industry-incentive.taipei) starting November 10.Highlights of the stories include Planet Studio Popcorn, which has made its name in the Southeast Asian market and is picking up speed to expand its international profile LumIO Labs, a manufacturer of wearables used to monitor health conditions employing vital signs detection technologies and One-Forty, an organization committed to migrant worker issues in Taiwan and seeking to empower the foreign laborers with skills and help them gain self-awareness.	  According to DOED, Taiwan ranked 6 out of 130 countries in the 2016 Global Entrepreneurship Index released by the Global Entrepreneurship and Development Institute. As the capital of the island, Taipei has been endeavoring to provide incentives for entrepreneurship. To time with the 2016 Startup@Taipei Week taking place between November 15 and 19, the city government will hold the Taipei Story Entrepreneur Forum on November 16 and set up booth at the Meet Taipei carnival at Expo Dome from November 17 through 19. Visitors can learn more about the Citys resources in nurturing innovation. For inquiries about application for Taipeis incentives and subsidies, dial 1999, Ext. 6625, 1428, or 1429. DOED: www.doed.taipei.gov.tw (Chinese)Startup@Taipei: https://www.startup.taipei/?lang=enSubsidies & Incentives for Taipei Industry:https://www.industry-incentive.taipei/index_en.aspx 
Taipei Zoo is joining hands with Kinmen County Government to organize the Kinmen Otter Conservation and Education Carnival to raise awareness among locals on protecting the endangered furry animals, as the county is the only municipality in Taiwan where traces of Eurasian otters could still be found.The event will take place at the Kinmen County Social Affairs Building between 9 AM and noon on November 12. The organizers have invited National Taiwan Normal University professor Wang Ying, Tunghai University PhD graduate Yuan Shou-li, and renowned painter Yang En-sheng to speak on topics spanning ecological tourism to the current challenges for Eurasian otters.There is only a small population of these naturally sensitive animals on the island, and their livelihood is constantly under threat by human activities. In 2014, through the support of the Forestry Bureau, Taipei Zoo adopted three baby Eurasian otters from Kinmen. While these young animals received good care at the zoo, it is important to protect the natural habitat of their peers as soon as possible.Through this collaboration project, the zoo and Kinmen County Government integrate resources from many areas into the promotion of animal conservation and education for locals. The mascot created by Taipei Zoo will tour schools in Kinmen to educate the kids on these precious otters. There will also be performances by mascot characters from Taipei Zoo and other institutions.For more information on animal conservation, please visit the Animal Conservation website (Chinese) of Taipei Zoo: http://www.zoo.gov.tw/  Google+: http://plus.google.com/+TaipeiZoo (Chinese)Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/TaipeiZoo (Chinese)YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/TaipeiZoo (Chinese)
With the arrival of flu season, the Department of Health (DOH) urges residents to take advantage of the countrys free vaccination program as soon as possible.This year, the Centers for Disease Control has expanded the targeted groups of the program to include people under 50 years old with high-risk chronic diseases, those with BMI30, and patients with rare diseases/major illnesses/injuries.   The Director of Division of Infectious Diseases at National Taiwan University Hospital pointed out that the immune system of individuals with BMI30 is weaker than their peers, and that obesity can have an adverse effect on lung capacity or result in cardiovascular issues. People belonging to this group are therefore advised to receive influenza inoculation.    According to the statistics from CDC, a total of 173 cases were reported with influenza-triggered implications between July 2015 and June 2016. Among these, 120 patients (69.3%) suffered from chronic diseases, and the mortality rate is 7.5% (13 cases). Those eligible to receive free flu shots should bring their National Health Insurance Card and ID documents to contracted medical institutions of Taipei City or the outpatient department of the 12 branches of Taipei City Hospital. Please contact the institution in advance to ensure the availability of vaccines. Please visit the Chinese website of DOH http://health.gov.taipei/Default.aspx?tabid=537 or call the twelve district health centers to learn more about the service.
Headed by the deputy chairman Tan of Guangzhou City Engineering Cost Association, a delegation from Guangzhou City Government arrived at Taipeis Road and Pipeline Information Center for a visit on November 4.The two sides exchanged experience and achievements through introducing the visitors to Taipei Citys pioneering Smart Management of Pipeline Digging, 24-hour Joint Stationing of Pipeline Authorities, and Underground Pipeline 3D Geographic Info System approaches towards managing pipeline excavation and construction control. The briefing also featured a real-time broadcast live from a construction site through 4G mobile wireless connection for the purpose of monitoring ongoing work. Should any emergency take place during the excavation process, the images will help staff at the center communicate with stationed personnel to better resolve the situation. Furthermore, the public can also access construction images through the app, ensuring the right of citizens to monitor the process. All changes to the pipeline layout will be reported after construction to help the drafting of a 3D pipeline deployment map to ensure information accuracy for future projects.The members of the delegation asked questions on topics ranging from the technology involved in connecting the center to the construction site in real time to the details required to have staff from the different agencies and institutions to be stationed at the joint office. The guests hope that the experience from this visit will help Guangzhou City in devising a management plan for road construction and pipeline excavation. 
Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji made a case for coordinated community healthcare during a press conference on November 8.With Taipei set to become an aged society by 2020 with over 20 percent of seniors aged 65 or over, Mayor Ko Wen-je launched the Home-centered Integrated Care Model (HCIC) earlier this year. The plan involves doctors carrying gear weighing up to 9.4 kg and visiting households to provide individualized care. Taipei City Hospital Superintendent Huang Sheng-jean noted that the experience from Japan and North European countries suggests that increasing the number of senior care institutions can only solve 10 percent of the problem. Community-focused approach should be taken to effectively address the issue of aging population.   According to Huang, HCIC is conducted through case managers offering assistance and services to incapacitated or disadvantaged residents, which include medical care, nursing care, rehabilitation, medication, dietary advice, physical therapy, assistive devices, assessment of accessible environment, and more. In addition to ensuring a coordinated cross-discipline mechanism, what matters most is building trust between the public and the city hospitals medical team. Since the roll-out of HCIC plan on March 1, the service has seen the treatment of 1,435 cases and 5,860 home visits as of October 31, 2016, according to statistics of Department of Health.
Building on the success of the Dog Behavior Training Lecture held on August 28, the Animal Protection Office (APO) announced that it will be holding an advanced class on the topic on November 26. APO noted that the animal trainer will introduce participants to general animal behaviors, body language of pets, and skills to tackle pets needs effectively. The instructor will use videos and personal demonstration to teach students the knowhow of caring for their furry companions at home. The lecture will also feature a session where the participants will visit the Taipei Animal Shelter, providing them with a better understanding of the stray animals. APO hopes that sheltered animals will also have the opportunity to learn to adapt to human environment and maintain a stable character through constant interaction with people. The lecture is part of APOs initiative to promote the Adopt, not Buy policy and help the public cultivate a sense of responsibility as a pet owner, thereby reducing the number of abandoned animals. It also seeks to increase public awareness on animal welfare. Taipei Animal Shelter Animal Training LectureTime and Date: 10 AM  noon, November 26Location: Meeting room at Taipei Animal ShelterRegistration: Participants much be 20 years old or over. Please register through yangwenchi@gmail.com (provide your name, phone number, and email). Only 30 openings are available.Contact: Write to yangwenchi@gmail.com or call (02)8791-3255, Ext. 3255 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the groundbreaking ceremony for the Xinyi Line East Extension (CR 580C area) construction on November 7. During his address, the mayor noted that Taipeis MRT system is a pride for Taiwna in terms of public construction project. The companies responsible for the eastward extension project are BES Engineering Corporation and Daiho Corporation. Both companies have worked with the Department of Rapid Transit Systems on projects spanning the Tamsui Line, Xindian Line, Bannan Line, and Xinlu Line.Mayor Ko noted that the extension of the Xinyi Line will terminate at a station with three exits, respectively at the future Xinyi District Office and the social welfare institution inside the Guangci Care Park. Despite covering only 1.42 kilometers, the details involved are extremely challenging. Unlike the construction of the Xinyi Line which took place on a road with width up to 40 meters, the majority of roads along the east extension are narrow, making traffic control difficult. Previous survey of the region indicated a complex geology formation, as well as a major pipeline used to collect water flowing down from Sishou Mountain. As for the toughest part on negotiations, the mayor took his opportunity to express his gratitude to the staff. He noted that traffic control measures are inevitable with ongoing public construction and offers his apologies to local residents for possible inconveniences. The Xinyi Line East Extension Project is expected to cost NT$9 billion. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je witnessed the placement of the last beam atop the structure of the relocated Xinbeitou Railway Station during a ceremony attended by Deputy Mayor Chen Chin-jun, Commissioner of Cultural Affairs Chung Yung-feng, and local elected officials on November 5.  During his address, Ko expressed his gratitude to a number of people and institutions for their roles in the process of returning the historical building to Taipei, including Chuanghua County Government, Sun Rung Corporation, local representatives, and cultural workers.Reckoning that Beitou is the district where civic group consciousness abounds, the mayor took the opportunity to pay tribute to Tai Hsiu-fen, the late member of Beitou Batou Liren Association who dedicated her life to the promotion of local culture and history.Overwhelmed by being able to witness the reassembly of the old railway station in Beitou one hundred years since its construction, Ko instructed Deputy Mayor Chen to reinvigorate Beitous historical assets and develop the district into Taipeis City Museum.  During the ceremony, the mayor and the dignitaries took part in a range of traditional rituals including throwing bean buns. Ko also applied oil to the wood structure of the new Xinbeitou Railway Station along with locals in a move to realize the spirit of community involvement. 
The final round of a heated cosplay tournament took place at the intersection of Wuchang Street and Hanzhong Street on November 5. Cosplayers dressed up as characters such as Hatsune Miku and the Black Butler appeared on the stage to vie for the top honor. The event is part of the third Ximen Friendly Pleasure Festival, jointly organized by the Office of Commerce (TCOOC) and the Ximending Commercial District. The participants of the cosplay contest are judged by their costumes, props, and performance on stage. The first place winner, who brought home NT$20,000 worth of vouchers, portrayed the character Daji from the work League of Gods. The second place and third place winners brought home vouchers worth NT$10,000 and NT$6,000, respectively.TCOOC Director Tsai Tsung-hsiung remarked that the Ximending area is a gathering place for young Taiwanese and international travelers. With the growing popularity of Japanese animation and comic culture in recent years, many young people enjoy cosplay  dressing up as characters from well-known comics or cartoon  and take part in photo sessions in the backdrop of local landmarks such as Nishi Honganji Plaza and Taipei Tianhou Temple.Furthermore, members of the audience received a free copy of a guide to the Ximen Friendly Pleasure Festival. For more information on the event, please visit the Facebook Chinese fan page of Ximending (https://www.facebook.com/ximenting) or the fan page of TCOOC (https://www.facebook.com/tcooc/).
In line with construction plans for facilities under Huazhong Bridge, the Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) announced that Huazhong Bike Rental Station will be relocated to Machangting Memorial Park.Relocation works will be conducted between November 7 and 11. Machangting Bike Rental Station will open to the public on November 12.HEO pointed out that users can enter the Xinyi Evacuation Gate at the end of Qingnian Road and turn left to get to Machangting rental station. Light meal service is also available at the area, making it a great place for cycling fun for the entire family. Taipei boasts ten riverbank bike rental stations which are open from 8 AM through 8 PM on weekdays (6 PM on holidays), noted the agency.Transportation information for Machangting Memorial Park:Bus: 12, 2015, 212, 630, B29. Alight at Qingnian Rd. Stop and walk along Qingnian Road for 5 to 10 minutes until passing Machang (Xinyi) Evacuation GateParking Facilities: Youth Park golf course underground parking lot (No.5 of Guoxing Rd.) Machangting Memorial Park parking lot, and Huazhong Bridge riverside parking lot 
Starting in November, the used clothes recycling boxes across Taipei City will receive a complete makeover! To replace the dull, dark-green boxes, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) hired designer Feng Yu to produce a new look for these installations. During the press conference on November 3, the agency unveiled the new chic-looking Clothes Recycling Bank and announced that the renovation of the old boxes is slated for completion by the end of December.Commissioner of Environmental Protection Liou Ming-lone noted that the appearance of the used clothing recycling boxes is outdated. As the capital city of the island, Taipei City seeks to promote city aesthetics and improve the urban landscape to raise the quality of our living environment. As a result, the agency implemented the renovation project to outfit these boxes with a new appearance.According to DEP, the used clothing recycling operation is handled by social welfare organizations which acquired license from the agency  renewable every 3 years. For the latest round of license, a total of 54 social welfare organizations were accepted to manage 1358 clothing recycling boxes. The new appearance of the used clothing recycling boxes emphasizes the concept of environmental protection. Messages on the left and right sides of the box carry slogans reminding the public to cut carbon emission. Each set of clothing donated is equivalent to reducing 4.2 kg of carbon emission and helps save 9 days of water usage for an individual. Users can use the iTAP application to look up the locations of the used clothing recycling boxes. 
The 2016 Guandu International Nature Art Festival will kick off at Guandu Nature Park on November 5. Now in its eleventh year, the fest spotlights a new theme which is different from those of past eventsBased on A True Story. Artists will conduct field research across Guandu area and create artworks with elements inspired from the stories they discovered.Deputy Director Yeh Ming-ying of Taipei City Animal Protection Office (TCAPO) pointed out that the festival features six environmental artists from Argentina, Italy, Australia, Hungary, Estonia, and Taiwan. There will be five works on display at the opening ceremony, recounting the tales of Guandu through the artists observations and crafts.A range of activities will be held to increase interaction between visitors and artists, according to the Wild Bird Society of Taipei. Highlights on November 5 include on-site introduction, artist talk, a wetland concert, and eco films airing. A carnival will also take place on November 6 spotlighting family activities, allowing parents and kids to become closer to nature. To promote the festival, visitors will enjoy a 50 percent discount for adult admission fee (NT$30) over the weekend of November 5.In addition, the bird-watching cabin and the 2nd floor observatory of Visitor Center will be equipped with high-definition telescopes and volunteers offering visitors guide service. To learn more about 2016 Guandu International Nature Art Festival, visit Guandu Nature Park http://gd-park.org.tw/ (Chinese) orFacebook fan page https://www.facebook.com/GuanduNatureArtFest/ (Chinese)
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press conference for the overhaul of Huannan Market in the morning of November 2.During his address, Ko stressed that there is a special meaning to the renewal of the market, as it symbolizes the first step of overturning the axis. He believes that the staff at city hall will do their best to accomplish the mission.At the beginning of his speech, he noted that the best way to know a city is to visit the local market. This is because the local market is a microcosm of the entire city  aspects such as dining, clothing, living, and transportation will involve the marketplace at some point.Ko noted that 18 years have passed since the first mentioning of overhauling the market. He attributed the main cause to the daunting task of negotiating with the 1300 vendors operating at the facility. Past administrations rarely progressed beyond the negotiation stage. Thanks to the overwhelming investment of manpower, the City is able to reach common ground with all 1300 vendors and proceed with the renovation project. The mayor took the opportunity to express his gratitude to the task force comprising members from the Public Works Department and the Department of Economic Development, as well as the director of Wanhua District Office and the officials of the markets self-rule association.According to Ko, an estimated NT$5.5 billion of funding will be earmarked for the project after construction begins on November 6. 
The Research, Development, and Evaluation Commission (RDEC) announced that it has launched the citys new single complaint system.As part of the Input Initiative, the new system going live on November 1 integrates functions spanning City Affairs Mailbox, 1999 Citizen Hotline, and walk-in service at respective agencies. It aims to provide the public with a one-stop platform to file complaints or submit their opinions concerning city affairs.The platform can be accessed at https://hello.gov.taipei/Front/main (Chinese) or via mobile application Taipei 1999 (1999). Now available on Android system, the app will be released to iOS App Store soon.The new system allows users to provide relevant text, photo, and location information in a fast and convenient manner with their request. Issues such as garbage, noise, water outage, and problems with traffic lights or street lights can be reported through the platform, making case management process more convenient.RDEC noted that the Input Initiative will connect with the city governments Open Data and Big Data systems, incorporating these databases. While seeking to make the data available for the development of value-added applications or serving as reference for policy making, the agency will ensure users personal information is well protected through the de-identification method.  
Organized by the Department of Sports, the 2016 Taipei City Cup Boxing Tournament will take place at the Taipei Gymnasium between November 4 and 6.Participants include athletes from Shanghai, Ninghai, and Hong Kong. They will be competing with local teams  Taipei City, Indigenous People, and Changhua Erlin (the home of Taiwans boxing).The organizers also invited top boxers from both sides of the Strait to appear at the event, including the national athletes at the Rio Olympics Lai Chu-en and Chen Nien-chin members of the Chinese-Taipei team at the 2016 World University Boxing Championships Tu Po-wei and Kao Shih-yen regulars at the City Cup Boxing Tournament Lin Sheng-ling and Pin Meng-chieh and WBC Greater China Mens and Womens titleholders Xu Que and Cheng Jing from mainland China.Celebrating its sixth year, the Taipei City Cup Boxing Tournament is an event where top boxers test their skills against each other, providing athletes with an occasion to demonstrate their potentials.Boxing is one of the official categories of both the Asian Games and the Olympics and has successfully attracted attention of local audience in recent years. The organizers invite the public to cheer and show their support for the athletes at the tournament.
The citys first park to spotlight the Farm City theme will meet the public in January, 2017! Located near Lane 220 on Wuxing Street in Xinyi District, the Jingqin No.1 Park will feature a plaza, herbal garden, fountain, curvy circular trail, landscaping grass slopes and other facilities. The park is expected to become a new recreational center providing awesome views of the Taipei 101  especially for watching the New Years Eve fireworks spectacle.According to Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO)Director Huang Li-yuan, the development of the park is in line with the city governments initiative of Farm City. The northwest corner of the park will host an herbal garden designed with inspiration from the vein pattern on leaves.There will be a large variety of plants and herbs in a riot of color and exuding rich aroma, spanning osmanthus, jasmine, rosemary, lemon mint marigold, pineapple sage, rose geranium, cumin, lemongrass, and others. The fountain in the park will serve to create flow of air in the space. The overall design aims to arouse gratification of senses for visitors. PSLO Horticulture Section Chief Su Yi-ping pointed out that the multipurpose plaza sporting comfortable seats will satisfy the needs of visitors to watch shows or engage in other activities. The curvy trail and grass slopes also add to the closer-to-nature feel of the new park. According to Jingqin Borough Chief Lai Hui-chen, the park also sets an example of public participation, as the planning involves opinions from residents submitted during a workshop in March.  
The 2016 Cycling Tour de Formosa Tournament of the Deaf kicked-off at the Civic Plaza in front of Taipei City Hall on November 1. The international tournament is co-organized by Taipei City Government, Taoyuan City Government, Taichung City Government, Tainan City Government, Pingtung County Government, Taitung County Government, Yilan County Government, and Taiwan Sports and Leisure Industry Development Association. The event has attracted the members of 14 international teams from over 7 countries around the world.The first stage of the around-the-island tournament leaves from city hall at 10 AM in the morning. The participants will travel along Renai Road, Jinshan South Road, Xinsheng Overpass, Zhongshan North Road, Fulin Bridge, and arrive at Xiaoyoukeng Recreation Area on Yangmingshan via Yangjin Highway.The event will conclude at 11:30 AM.Traffic control measures will be implemented on a flexible basis along the cycling route. Drivers are reminded to give way to the athletes.Since its inauguration in 2008, the Cycling Tour de Formosa Tournament of the Deaf takes place every two years and is the cycling tour with the longest travel distance for hearing-impaired riders in the world.
On October 29, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a press event announcing the relocation of Taipei West Bus Station. According to plans, the dismantling of Kuo Kuang Bus Terminal B and Terminal A will commence on November 1 and November 15, respectively. The Terminal B bus service has been relocated to Taipei Bus Station since September 28, while Terminal A service will be transferred to East Gate 3 and North Gate 1 of Taipei Railway Station in the near-future.  During his address, Ko pointed out he has embarked on the daunting tasks of overhauling the traffic conditions of Taipeis west district since assuming office, including the dismantling of both Zhongxiao West Road Bus Lane and Zhongxiao Bridge ramp. The relocation of the historic building Mitsui Warehouse is also underway. With the leveling of Kuo Kuang Bus Terminal A and B, the first stage of the West District Gateway project is set for completion in June, 2017. Drawing parallels between the French monument Arc de Triomphe and Taipeis Beimen (North Gate), the mayor remarked that the area will become the countrys portal following the inauguration of Taoyuan International Airport MRT Line. Ko added that the second stage of the districts revitalization encompasses three parts--the opening of Taipei Railway Museum, the construction of twin skyscrapers C1 and D1, and the Postal Museum Taipei BOT. Stressing that Kuo Kuang Buss relocation is an inevitable step in the development of the west district as a gateway for Taipei, Ko expressed his gratitude to the bus company for its 60 years of service and lauded its role in the history of Taiwan. 
The traditional coming-of-age ceremony celebrates an individuals transition from youth to adulthood. To honor this tradition, the Shilin District Office will be holding the Challenge of the Secret Frontier: the Legend of Zhishanyan at the Zhishanyan Cultural and Historical Park on November 19.The activity is inspired by the cultural and ecological characteristics of the park. The facility is Taiwans only site with seven stratum layers to explore for archaeologists. It is also the home to historical sites such as Ai Gate, Huiji Temple, Six Teachers Grave and more  dating from as far back as the Qing Dynasty and the Japanese Colonial Era.In addition, the Shengyou Temple located at the foothill preserves the age-old tradition of people from the neighborhood of Shilin, Beitou, Jinshan, and Dalongdong where parents would seek the Stone Lords blessing for their kids. The kids would wear a token called Juan which consist of bronze coins bundled together with a red string before their chest, symbolizing the deitys protection to ward off evil.Shilin District Office seeks to reenact the traditional coming-of-age ceremony carried out by the Shengyou Temple of Zhishanyan. First, the youth participating in the ceremony will receive the Juan before they embark on the journey to uncover hidden items located throughout the park. Upon success, they would take part in the Returning the Juan ceremony to conclude the coming-of-age ritual. The coming-of-age event targets 18-year-old youths (born in either 1998 or 1999) and has opening for 50 participants. To register for the event, please call the Shilin District Office (TEL: 02-2882-6200, ext. 6502) or visit the Chinese language website (http://sldo.gov.taipei/).
The much-anticipated MICE sponsorship program is open for application now! The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) will be accepting applications for the first session of the 2017 program between November 1 and 30, 2016. Successful applicants will receive support with a total value of NT$1 million.  TPEDOIT noted that the sponsorship package features Taipei Travel Goodie Bag for organizers planning to hold international conferences, exhibitions, or incentive travel. Each bag comes with a USB flash drive, post-it note, zipper bag, and other useful items designed with the image of Taipei.In addition to the aforementioned package, the well-received measure launched in October provides tourists on incentive travel with an extra One Day Taipei Pass. Due to widespread acclaim, the agency will be extending the program to 2017, allowing foreign visitors to enjoy convenient transportation as they explore the capital city. International corporations and organizations which have benefitted from the offer include the Dutch company Akzo Nobel, Indian Medical Association, Chinas Dongbao Group, and Vietnams Talentnet Corporation.According to TPEDOIT, the categories covered by the 2017 MICE sponsorship program include international conferences, international expos, and incentive travel. The package continues to encompass offers such as Taipei 101 Observatory tickets, One Day Taipei Pass, as well as sponsorships spanning cultural and art events, Taipeis special snacks souvenirs, signature venues, and more. The agency will also provide up to NT$300,000 in grants for applicants who managed to secure deals for hosting international conventions in Taipei.    TPEDOIT pointed out that the amount of sponsorship will depend on the scale of the event and whether the event can make an impact. To apply, visit www.tpedoit.taipei.gov.tw (Chinese) for download of related forms.
Taipei City Government announced a new line of shuttle service (line 956) between Taipei City and New Taipei City. The line will serve passengers traveling between Banqiao and MRT Jiannan Road Station.The new route will leave from Huanziyuan stop in Banqiao City. The bus will stop at near the following locations along the way: National Taiwan University of Arts, National Overseas Chinese Experimental Senior High School, Banqiao Senior High School, Zhongshan Junior High School, Dali High School, MRT Fuzhong Station, Banqiao Bus Station, TRA Wanhua Station, Taipei City Hospital Heping Campus, MRT Ximen Station, MRT Beimen Station, Neihu Technology Park, and MRT Jiannan Road Station.Operations for line 956 will begin on November 1. Passengers can ride for free during the first three days of operation (November 1  3).In light of the policy encouraging citizens to take advantage of public transportation, the Department of Transportation (DOT) and its counterpart under New Taipei City Government are joining hands to strengthen shuttle services for commuters traveling between the two municipalities.Between 2012 and July of 2016, a total of 13 cross-municipality shuttle services have been established. As of August, these bus routes have accumulated roughly 11.8 million passenger counts. For more information on the new line, please call Taipei Bus (TEL: 0800-003-307) or visit its Chinese website (http://www.tpebus.com.tw/).
To time with the 2016 International Day of Persons with Disabilities, Department of Social Welfare (DSW) is launching the House Renovation Project for the Disabled in conjunction with Heng-Shan Social Welfare Foundation.Inspired by the much-lauded Japanese TV program Before/After, the house revamp project seeks to provide assistance to people with disabilities living under harsh conditions as they attempt to make do with their dysfunctional living arrangement, DSW Commissioner Hsu Li-min pointed out in a press event on October 26.According to a survey in 2011, the physically-challenged account for over 120,000 of the Taipeis overall population, 63.7% of whom live in apartments or suite-style units without elevators, and 51.5% of whom spend most of the day staying at home. The statistics indicates that how to ensure accessible housing to people with disabilities has become a pressing issue for the city government. Disabled individuals who wish to apply for the project should submit a proposal on home makeover. DSW will select a household in desperate need ofrenovation. Heng-Shan Social Welfare Foundation will be commissioned to carry out the task, offering assistance in overhauling and cleanup of the house as well as adding accessible facilities to help create a barrier-free environment.Applicants must live in Taipei. The submission period ends on November 4. The remodeling work will be documented and the selected family will be invited to share with the audience their thoughts about the opportunity to see their home transformed at Taipei Childrens Amusement Park during the event marking 2016 International Day of Persons with Disabilities on December 10. To learn more about the project, please visit the DSW website at http://www.dosw.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=234362113&ctNode=72368&mp=107001 (Chinese) or call 02-27208889, extension 2268. 
What comes to your mind when you think of Dalongdong in addition to Baosheng Cultural Festival of Baoan Temple and Eight-Row Dance of Taipei Confucius Temple?To acquaint the public with the historical treasure of Dalongdong, Taipei City Office of Commerce (TCOOC) will be holding a creative fair over the weekend of October 29 and 30 featuring cultural products stalls, exhibitions on the history of Dalongdong, performances, and interactive activities. Tsai Tsung-hsiung reckoned that Dalongdong is a commercial district boasting rich cultural characteristics. The fair will showcase the prowess of the districts traditional and new industries. Highlights include creative crafts by a designer whose ancestor was a prominent scholar in Qing Dynasty paper art hands-on sessions presented by Xinxing Paper Art which was invited to the French design festival DDays in Paris earlier this year as well as themed exhibitions curated by artist Hairu Tsai from Haiton Art Center.Temporary exhibition walls will also be set up at the area allowing visitors to explore the four-stage historical development of Dalongdong through the medium of photography. Whats more, Golden Melody Awards winner ZiXuan & Slow Train, band Crispy, and drum squad from Dalong Elementary School will take to the stage with live performances. Visitors who collect stickers from the booths of the fair will be eligible to have their photos taken against a background of Dalongdong in the ancient days, creating an interesting contrast between the old and new.To learn more about the event, visit TCOOC Facebook fan page: https://www.facebook.com/tcooc/ (Chinese)
Taipei City Government announced it will be submitting the Shezidao Redevelopment Plan to the central government for review by the end of October. This marks a significant progress in the Citys endeavor to revitalize the area.  The decision was reached following 16 community information meetings, i-Voting events on the direction of the development plan, consultations with scholars, international workshops moderated by Dutch experts, and a number of Urban Planning Commission meetings, Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong noted.The city government pointed out that the Shezidao Redevelopment Plan encompasses five major strategiesspace planning, environment optimization, industry development, green transportation, and low-impact development. The six visions to be realized include living justice, resilient city, ecological biodiversity, new urbanism, land banking mechanism, and smart community.  Starting 2017, the city will activate the Overall Planning of Eco Shezidao Landscape and Overall Planning of Smart Infrastructure to pave the way for a sustainable Shezidao with the introduction of international design guidelines and construction standards.As parks account for 30 percent of the total land area of Shezidao, the city plans to conduct green forums and competitive tenders to find the best possible solution to creating a Shezidao that catches up with international trends, in terms of ecological recreation and intelligent technology. 
Taipei Zoo will celebrate its 30th year anniversary of its relocation from Yuanshan to Muzha. In addition to a series of activity, the highlight will take place during the Zoolloween creative costume party on Saturday, October 29.On the day of the event, the mascot OPEN CHAN will kick-off the celebrations including performances by animal mascots and broadcast of animal conservation documentaries. The Zoolloween animal conservation booth activities will commence at the entrance plaza at 4 PM. The costume showcase will take place between 5:30 PM and 8 PM. The zoos opening hours will be extended to 9 PM on the day of the event.With a total of 18 conservation booths at the entrance plaza, the public can participate in a number of fun and educational activities. Activities are open to all and no preregistration is required. Those who successfully collect 10 stamps from clearing the challenges can exchange a raffle ticket and participate in candy grab event at the candy house.There is also a trick-or-treat event on the night at Halloween. Kids can bring their candy container to the shops at the entrance plaza  McDonalds, Shishang Taipei Zoo Store, and 7-Eleven  at the following times to collect candies from the respective stores: 6 PM, 6:30 PM, 7 PM, and 7:30 PM.The costume parade will take place starting at 5:30 PM after the 30-year relocation celebration activities. A total of 350 children will dress up as spooky characters and take to the catwalk at the show to celebrate Halloween at the zoo. 
The biggest cultural event of Guandu--Fun Guandu Festivalwill kick off at Guandu Nature Park on Saturday, October 29, featuring a variety of art performances, theme parades, outdoor fairs, and more! According to Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) Commissioner Chien Yu-yen, the beauty of a city lies in its cultural development and sense of place. Hidden gems of a district can be discovered through the cooperation between the public and private sectors. She noted that the festival provides a platform for popular art and for local communities to showcase their passion and creativity.The Fun Guandu parade will see 200 Guandu Elementary School students taking to the streets dressed in migrant birds-themed costumes Guandu Warriors Dragon Boat team paddling a dragon boat on land Guandu Temple arranging a procession to escort Goddess Matsu as well as Taipei National University of the Arts students participating in the parade in festooned vehicles.Other highlights of the festival include a green fair featuring goods such as handicrafts, award-winning puppetry performances, point collection for vouchers, and more. The event will reach a climax when Mayor Ko Wen-je takes to the stage bringing a special form of performance like no other.The principal of Taipei National University of the Arts pointed out that this year the festival sees the participation of 25 communities and organizations in Greater Guandu Area. He believes the cultural fest serves to realize community empowerment and engagement.Visit http://www.guandu.tw/ (Chinese) to learn more about Fun Guandu Festival.
A city delegation led by Mayor Ko Wen-je embarked on a two-day trip to Hualien County on October 22, aiming to learn more about the countys organic agriculture industry as a source of reference for Taipei to promote organic meals in elementary schools.   The delegation visited Lichuan Fisheries in Shoufeng Townshipthe home of the gold clam (freshwater clam) in Taiwanwhere Ko and his wife had fun trying their hands at digging clams. According to Ko, Hualien boasts rich resources both in tourism and organic produce. He observed that the county excels in marketing its organic agriculture industry following visits to a number of local agricultural associations. As the capital city has launched the pilot grogram to provide organic lunch once a week at elementary schools, the delegation will seek to explore the possibility of establishing a producer-consumer link to make organic products from Hualien and other municipalities available in Taipei, the mayor noted. On October 23, Ko joined city officials in experiencing Hualiens fishing and hunting culture at Jingpu Village of Fengbin Township. Rolling up his pants and wearing a headscarf resembling locals, the mayor learned the skill of cast netting off the beach at the instructions of the inhabitants. He also took the opportunity to participate in archery, noting that with many attempts he almost succeeded in hitting the center of the target.     Later that day Ko went on to visit Xinshe Village to attend a prayer session accompanied by seniors of the Kavalan Tribe. In addition to learning about the indigenous culture and cuisine, the city delegation had the rare opportunity to watch locals make banana silk yarna craft exclusive to the aboriginal Kavalan tribe. 
To mark the tenth anniversary since Taipei and Yokohama of Japan became partner cities in 2006, city zoos from the two metropolises inked an agreement on October 21 to further bilateral ties in the areas of species conservation, population management, animal medical care, as well as education and recreation.Mayor Ko Wen-je welcomed the Yokohama delegation before attending the signing ceremony with the Japanese dignitaries. He presented the key to the city to his counterpart Fumiko Hayashi and a painting entitled Festival on South Street to Yokohama City Council Chairperson Mitsuru Kajimura.Ko expressed his gratitude to Mayor Hayashi for her hospitality during his visit to Yokohama earlier this year. He recalled that he was impressed at Yokohamas effort to preserve artifacts of historical significance and develop cultural creative industry. He believes that Taipei has a lot to learn from the partner city.  Ko pointed out Zoorasia Yokohama has been selected as one of the must-visit zoos in Japan in an online vote, while Taipei Zoo is celebrating its 102nd birthday this year. He reckoned that both zoos will benefit from closer relationship.The agreement set forth four major areas for collaboration, including research on ex-situ and in-situ conservation, environmental education, exchange on animal management knowledge and techniques, as well as animal loan schemes.
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that bicycles will not be allowed to be brought into MRT trains on October 25 and October 31 as the two days are declared working days for government institutions. TRTC added that Taipei Childrens Amusement Park and Maokong Gondola will be operating normally on October 25 and October 31. Individuals who download the Taipei MRT Go (Go) mobile application will be able to redeem a limited-edition pencil set at Taipei Childrens Amusement Park (TCAP). Get the giftonly 2,500 sets available--at the visitor information center of TCAP from 9 AM to 5 PM, Monday through Friday, between September 20 and December 30. Whats more, Taipei MRT Go App members who show their membership info on their mobile phone and purchase an admission ticket to the Beitou Resorts Evacuation Exhibition Center will receive a not-for-sale stationery souvenir. Hurry while stock lasts!  TRTC 24-hour hotline: (02)218-12345TRTC: http://www.metro.taipei/ (Chinese)Taipei Childrens Amusement Park: http://www.tcap.taipei/ (Chinese)Maokong Gondola: http://www.gondola.taipei/ (Chinese)Beitou Resort: http://btresort.metro.taipei/ (Chinese)  
The outdoor area of the City Hall has transformed into plots of edible greens in an effort to promote the Farm City initiative.According to Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO), the city government launched the program last year to engage with residents in pursuit of agricultural experience by providing unused spaces around the City Hall building for vegetable farming.Following a year of effort, PSLO decided to take over the project and breathe new life into the plots with the cultivation of herbal plants. The move serves to add both aesthetic and functional values to the project.Horticulture Section Chief Su Yi-ping reckoned that the city is introducing the concept of edible landscaping into the Farm City initiative, seeking to grow edible plants while beautifying the metropolis. The approach contributes to food production, food education, sustainable landscaping, as well as improving social interaction among people. PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan added that the City Hall now boasts a variety of eatable greens ranging from rosemary, basil, bird-nest fern, pandan, and more. He invited residents to join the government in making Taipei a greener and livable city starting with growing fruits or vegetables in their yards and balconies. 
The matchmaker deity from Taipei Xia-Hai City God Temple will embark on a one-month long business trip to Japan on October 23!According to Datong District Office, Taipei Xia-Hai City God Temple boasts possibly the most well-known deity of love and marriage in Northern TaiwanYue Lao, also known as the Old Man under the Moon. Completed in 1850, the temple serves as a local religious center for over 160 years, attracting followers from local and abroad. The temples Yue Lao has a reputation for answering worshippers prayer by helping lonely hearts find love, enjoying great popularity even among Japanese visitors. The trip this year marks the third journey for the deity to Japan to provide matchmaking service. Okinawa Prefectural Governments Representative to Taiwan will lead the procession to receive the Yue Lao as he begins the one-month-long overseas mission.  Datong District Office pointed out that the cultural exchange program is part of the campaign to promote the 2017 Taipei Universiade and strengthen bilateral friendship as Japan is one of the countries designated to be in the care of the Office during the upcoming sports event. Taipei is set to host over 12,000 athletes from 167 countries in the international competition in 2017.The district office assures residents that Yue Lao will be visiting Japan as a separate incarnation and the statue itself will remain in the temple. Believers can continue offering their prayers to the matchmaker god while learning more about the historical heritage of Datong District.  
The tailors from 12 renowned suit shops across Taipei gathered at city hall for a promotion event for bespoke tailoring on October 19. These masters attending the event span veteran artisans in their sixties to young talents in their twenties. Emphasis on designs such as cuffs, necklines, stitching, and buttons are shared among these practitioners of the trade, demonstrating the skills and knowhow of Taipeis bespoke tailoring industry.Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh of the Department of Economic Development (DED) pointed out that Taipeis bespoke tailoring boasts over 100 years of history. With a solid foundation established during the Japanese Colonial Era merged with the skills of tailors from Shanghai and Fuzhou, the skill level of local tailors are considered top-notch in Asia.In the interest of encouraging experience exchange and discussion of issues related with the profession, the agency collaborated with Taipei Tailor Commerce Association to organize the event to promote star-rating master tailors and the values of bespoke garments. Chairman of the association Chuang Kuang-jung noted that he is happy to see graduate students and even twenty-year-olds among the new generation of tailors. He pointed out that many of the veteran tailors are more than willing to share their experience with these newcomers. He also noted that there is a forty-year difference between the oldest and the youngest tailor attending the event. For more information on bespoke garments and skilled tailors, please visit the Chinese website of the Taipei Tailor Commerce Association (https://goo.gl/zjuVbD) or the Facebook fan page of the Taipei City Office of Commerce (http://bit.ly/2dk7YDK).
With the arrival of the hot spring season, Taipei City Office of Commerce (TCOOC) teamed up with Taipei Hot Springs Association to hold the 2016 Beitou Yukata FestivalYukata Design Award. The finals for the fashion contest will take place at the stage near MRT Xinbeitou Station at 10 AM on October 23. Yukata, or summer kimono, is an indispensable symbol of Japanese hot spring culture. To familiarize the public with local hot spring culture and the beauty of the traditional garment, the organizers is holding the design contest highlighting the theme of Beitou Witcha tribute to the districts reputation for being the home of witches in ancient times. According to TCOOC Director Tsai Tsung-hsiung, the preliminary round of the Yukata Design Award attracted approximately one hundred design submissions. A total of 40 finalists emerged following fierce competition. They will be facing off during the runway show displaying their works. In addition to the stage event, the festival on October 23 will also feature lessons on making Yukata accessories. The first 200 visitors to show the Hot Spring Witch Go app on their mobile phones to staff at the site will be able to paint and bring home a traditional fan. Other highlights include hot spring exhibitions, creative products fairs, and Beitou guided tours taking place at the venue between October 20 and 24.On October 23, visitors dressed in yukata making purchases in the commercial district will be eligible for special offers or souvenirs from the businesses. To learn more about the festival, please visit Taipei Hot Springs Association athttp://www.taipeisprings.org.tw (Chinese) 
Taipei City Government introduced new features for the city government LINE and iTAP, as well as the military conscript GPS on October 18.During the press conference, Deputy Mayor Chen Chin-jun remarked that by adding the city governments official LINE account, the public will receive notices ranging from air quality, flood prevention, to updates on the opening and closing of flood gates. For the iTAP application service, new features integrate city services with useful day-to-day living information for the public. These new features include traffic information, hospital queue updates, information on nearby tourist attractions, and more. The Department of Information Technology noted that the service available over the city governments LINE account has allowed channels for city information updates evolve from stationary announcements on its website to proactive update dispatches through the communication software. The public can access the latest updates on typhoon class/work cancellation, flood warnings, and floodgate access. Since the roll-out of the flood warning update, subscribers have exceeded 10,000 within two weeks. The Department of Compulsory Military Service (DCMS) is the first in the nation to introduce the military conscript GPS service, providing information on the workflow of the conscription process. According to Chen, qualified military conscripts will be able to look up updates on where to conduct physical examinations, when the raffle will take place, and when to enter the military. Parents can also keep track of their childrens conditions in the military from home, offering transparency to the process. DCMS Commissioner Fu Yung-mao pointed out that the system provides answers to frequently-asked questions on military conscription, from directions to the orientation center to short clips on life as military conscripts. The website of the service: https://draftee.gps.docms.gov.taipei/draftee (Chinese)
Department of Information Technology (DOIT) joined hands with Chiang Wei-shuis Cultural Foundation and Taiwan Association for Virtual and Augmented Reality (TAVAR) to roll out the Wei-shuis Journey mobile application which provides 3D guide on the history of Dadaocheng on October 17.The app Wei-shuis Journey employs virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) technologies to rediscover the then-and-now faces of the historical district Dadaocheng following the footprint of Chiang Wei-shuia prominent figure in the Taiwan New Cultural Movement back in the 1920s.  According to DOIT Commissioner Lee Wei-bin, urban renewal and commercial development often leads to the demolition, relocation, or reconstruction of historical buildings. Dadaocheng visitors can only imagine the glorious past of the district through maps or literature. With the new app incorporating AR/VR technologies, users will be able to enjoy the interactive experience of watching a resident from Qing Dynasty recounting the history of old Taipei in 3D visualization. Lee added that Wei-shuis Journey app integrates 360-degree panoramic images of the present with photos of the past. The city government will continue to make available resources and establish the OpenIP platform to promote the creation of value-added applications, taking advantage of Taipeis IT edge to market its rich cultural heritage. A more detailed introduction of the app can be found athttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVa8kjYJij4 (Chinese)The Wei-shuis Journey app is available for Android (https://goo.gl/q9VejZ)(Chinese) and iOS systems. The iOS version will be launched by the end of October, 2016.   
With Halloween approaching, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) is holding Trick or Treatsubmitting Halloween-inspired photos in exchange for a free MRT pass--on its Facebook fan page!The event runs from 6 AM, October 24 through midnight October 31.Individuals who upload a photo of them dressed up in a Halloween costume to the activity page (https://www.facebook.com/metrotaipeifans/)(Chinese) will receive an MRT one-day pass. The top ten most-liked participants will get an extra presenta personalized MRT pass featuring the liked photo of their own and is valid for 60 free rides.TRTC noted that those who receive the one-day pass can enjoy unlimited rides on the day of their first use. The two kinds of MRT pass can not be used to pay bus fares or as a stored-value card and do not include a refundable deposit. Participants should send their personal information before November 7including their Facebook account, name, address, email, and mobile phone number--to the TRTC Facebook fan page via Message for the organizer to process prize delivery. The list of most-liked Facebook accounts will be announced around mid-November. Please refer to (https://www.facebook.com/metrotaipeifans/) or call TRTC 24-hour hotline 02-218-12345 for more information.
Mayor Ko Wen-je witnessed the signing of Asian Design Cities Alliance at 2016 Taipei Association of Interior Designers (TAID) International Design Forum on October 14. The alliance consists of Taipei, Shanghai, Dalian, Shenzhen, Singapore, and Macau. During his address, the mayor pointed out that the core concept of the World Design Capital (WDC) is to make Taipei a more convenient and beautiful city. Interior design is an area where Taipeis design strength lies.The TAID International Design Forum, which attracted over 4,000 participants last year, is entering its second year to time with the 2016 WDC initiative. Ko expressed his gratitude to the private sector for helping market the international event through holding the forum and related activities. He reckoned that the citys interior design industry has seen considerable growth over the past 46 years as the number of TAID has increased from 20-odd to 1555 today. It is an inevitable development and an indicator for a civilized metropolis of which the residents have cultivated a desire for aesthetics. 
Taipei Public Library (TPL) announced that it is joining hands with the three major convenience store chains---7-ELEVEN, FamilyMart, and Hi-Life---to launch the Convenience Store Book Loan program. The move marks an upgrade of service following the unprecedented measure to allow Convenience Store Book Return in collaboration with FamilyMart starting February 2015. According to TPL, those who possess a library card, join the membership of convenience store book loan program, and pay NT$200 as the security deposit, will be able to access the new service. Patrons can make reservations of the items they wish to borrow utilizing TPLs online catalogue and select their preferred convenience store as the pick-up location. Each request can deliver up to five articles with a shipping fee of NT$50.TPL boasts one of the islands largest public libraries, with a collection of 76.6 million books and audio materials. A total of 71.8 million items are available for rental through the participating convenience stores.
Having a headache introducing Taiwanese snacks to foreign visitors? Now theres a cure!The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) has published the Multilingual Menu of One Hundred Foods, providing multilingual information on a selection of 100 local delicacies. Snack introduction includes the name of the entree, a picture, ingredients and condiments. The information comes in Chinese, English, Japanese, and Korean. Gourmet Jiao Tong took part in the project, helping with reviews and editing menu content. The online menu has been launched to time with the upcoming 2017 Taipei Universiade, when the city is set to host a great number of athletes and visitors from around the world. With a clear categorization of entrees, restaurants and stores alike will find the publication handy when receiving international customers.The top 100 list comprises some of the most popular delicacies characteristic of Taiwanese cuisine, including xiaolongbao, braised pork on rice, fried cuttlefish soup, oyster omelette, pearl milk tea, Taiwanese meatballs, and more.     To download the list, please visit Taipei Travel Net at http://new.travel.taipei/zh-tw/shop/100-night-market-snacks
Do you recall the exciting performance by Taiwanese opera troupes and the heated battle of glove puppetry characters during temple festivities? To promote local Taiwanese artistic culture and to celebrate the establishment of cultural institutes such as the Xiqu Center of Taiwan and the Digital Arts Center in Shilin District, the Shilin District Office has invited the Hong Puppet Theatre to perform at the 2016 Shilin International Cultural Festival. The district office also arranged lessons on Taiwanese operas, allowing professional and enthusiastic performers to educate the public through teaching and performance. Hopefully, this will introduce a new wave of vitality to traditional Taiwanese performing arts.The Hong Puppet Theatre comprises young performers who are passionate about glove puppetry. Their love for traditional performing arts and determination to work together to promote the medium helps bring new energy to traditional Taiwanese glove puppetry. The group has performed at events and schools across the island, winning applause from the audience. For the 2016 Shilin International Cultural Festival, Hong Puppet Theatre will stage a show at the Qiangang Park in Shilin District starting at 4 PM on October 15.The Taiwanese Opera Hands-on Lesson will take place at the tenth floor of Shilin District Office Building on October 22 and 23. Members from professional Taiwanese opera troupes will introduce participants to the art, as well as the stage and related actions. Participants will also have a chance to dress up in costumes and appear on stage to obtain hands-on experience of Taiwanese opera. Shilin District Office Director Jiang Ching-hui welcomes the public to come to Shilin to watch the glove puppetry play on October 15 and learn about Taiwanese opera on October 22 and 23. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je met with Central Weather Bureau (CWB) Director-General Shin Tzay-chyn at City Hall on October 12 to discuss the collaboration project between Taipei City Government and the weather agency on providing meteorological service during the Universiade next year.The meeting delved into details on the project spanning the aspects of weather monitoring, weather forecasting, and weather information dissemination. Lauding the sound planning of CWB, the mayor promised administrative resources to ensure the accuracy of weather forecasting throughout the event.    The 2017 Universiade features 21+1 sports competitions with events taking place across 38 stadiums and venues. The opening and closing ceremonies, along with outdoor sports such as track and field, golf, archery, roller skating, soccer, tennis, baseball, and marathon swimming, will be directly affected by weather conditions.CWB will work to provide tailor-made meteorological information for specific venues, including three-hour weather forecast and hour-by-hour weather monitoring. The data will serve as an important source of reference for technical delegates to determine whether to postpone or suspend events.To learn more about the service, call the 2017 Universiade Organizing Committee at 25702330, ext.6601 or 25707017 ext.2634.
To provide passengers with better service, the MRT Lost and Found Center has been relocated from its original location at MRT Taipei Main Station to Zhongshan Metro Mall (Near Exit R1).The current center will be closed starting Saturday, October 15. The center will reopen at its new location on Tuesday, October 19.To promote the new location of the lost and found center to commuters, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation will post signs and distribute fliers to inform metro riders on the new address of the center. With the rapid expansion of the MRT network, the number of reported cases involving lost or forgotten items has increased by 23-percent annually over the past five years. Due to the limited space available at the old center, the company initiated plans for relocating the center in 2014.TRTC pointed out that it has to deal with roughly 270,000 lost items each year. During the moving process which began in the end of September, agency personnel sorted out 11,000 items from the storage and moved to the centers new warehouse.The lost and found center is open Tuesdays through Saturdays from noon until 8 PM (excluding national holidays). Please ask the staff at MRT stations or call the TRTC Customer Service Hotline (TEL:02-218-12345) to inquire about lost items on the MRT or at MRT stations. To reclaim lost items, please bring your ID document (must be issued by governmental agencies, such as ID card, drivers license, passport, National Health Insurance Card with photo, or student ID). When claiming items on behalf of the owner, you need to bring your ID document and the owners ID document, as well as a letter of attorney.
Mayor Ko Wen-jo dined with Osaka Mayor Hirofumi Yoshimura and former Japan Restoration Party leader Toru Hashimoto at a renowned xiaolongbao restaurant in Taipei 101 on October 9.It was a reciprocal visit by the former Osaka mayor Toru Hashimoto who met with Ko in January when the Taipei mayor led a city delegation to visit the Japanese metropolis. The Japanese official apologized for not being able to visit Taipei earlier due to his busy schedule, while Ko noted that he has been looking forward to meeting Hashimoto again.The three political leaders exchanged opinions on city administration and reached a consensus to further bilateral ties, especially on promoting tourism. Hashimoto observed that Dadaocheng, a historical block of Taipei, has the potential to become a great magnet for Japanese tourists. Yoshimura suggested that the two metropolises can work together in marketing both cities specialties and traits to boost tourism. He promised administrative assitance in this regard for better collaboration. At the end of the dinner, Ko invited the dignitaries to travel to the capital of the island again with their family. He gave his word on introducing to them what Taipei has to offer in many more aspects, including tourist attractions and local cuisine. 
Taipei Mayor Ko Wen-je joined Phoenix Mayor Gregory Stanton in signing an agreement to renew sister city relationship between the two metropolises in a ceremony at City Hall on October 12.Earlier this year, Mayor Ko led a delegation to visit the capital city of Arizona. Mayor Stanton is returning the visithis first trip to the island--at the invitation of Taipei City Government. Describing the program as a successful example of city diplomacy, Ko invited Stanton to visit Taipei next year for the 2017 Universiade. The American official also expressed his hopes to see bilateral ties deepen. Ko noted that the two metropolises share the same interest in developing mass transportation and solar energy industry. He hopes his counterpart can seize the opportunity during his stay in Taipei to learn more about the citys infrastructure in related fields.As a resident from a city of desert climate, Stanton reckoned he was impressed that Ko had the stamina to tour Phoenix by bicycle in hot weather. He also promised to help promote Taipeis beautiful scenery and delicacies to the residents of Phoenix. In addition to meeting with Mayor Ko, the mayor of Phoenix will also visit Taipei City Council, attend World Design Capital activities, and conduct economic and bio-tech exchanges during his sojourn in Taipei.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the 2016 League of Legends (LOL) World Championship live broadcast event on October 8, cheering up for Taiwanese team AHQ in an outfit featuring a LOL jacket and a hat of the character Rammus.  The mayor, who received a round of applause from the audience on arrival at the event, watched the game excitedly along with the fans when AHQ defeated the wildcard team INTZ in less than 30 minutes.Reckoning that video gaming industry has seen continued growth in Taiwan, Ko noted that the government should show support with its policy tools. For example, Taipei will seek to subsidize the development of gaming related industries, ensure availability of match venues, provide assistance in marketing, and nurture professional gamers.     Ko added that he will assign representatives from Department of Economic Development to attend a public hearing on the vision of online gaming industry on October 14 in a move to demonstrate the governments support. He hopes the island will exert its great potential in expanding video games market to rival the top player in the industry--South Korea.   
Deputy Mayor Chen Chin-jun kicked off the four major events starting this week as part of the World Design Capital (WDC) Taipei 2016 series in a press event on October 11. On behalf of Mayor Ko, he welcomed designers from around the world to take part in International Design House Exhibition, Network of Cities Meeting, International Design Policy Conference, and International Design Week Forum. According to Chen, Taipei is the first Chinese speaking city to host the biannual event following Torino, Seoul, Helsinki, and Cape Town. The city government has been coordinating agency resources and introducing design thinking into city administration, while encouraging public participation in transforming the citys signboards and streets with a dose of design. Department of Cultural Affairs (DOCA) Commissioner Hsieh Pei-ni pointed out that the official Facebook fan page of WDC Taipei 2016 has engaged with over 1.2 million visitors and the event has received international media coverage for 3,000 times over the past nine months. Stressing that design is an important index of glocalization, Hsieh reckoned that Taipei will continue promoting a design culture and public participation following the conclusion of the WDC Taipei 2016.    DOCA noted that International Design House Exhibition--featuring works from 13 cities--will be held at Songshan Cultural and Creative Park between October 13 and 16 and is expected to draw 800,000 visitors. From October 12 to 13, mayors from cities such as Helsinki, Kolding, Eindhoven, Phoenix will gather at Regent Taipei for the Network of Cities Meeting.
To encourage commuters to pick up reading habits, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) is collaborating with Kindom Yu San Education Foundation to create five micro libraries, each spotlighting their respective themes. These libraries will be located at MRT Songshan, Daan Park, Taipei 101/World Trade Center, near Zhongxiao Fuxing (No.1 Plaza of East Metro Mall), and near Zhongxiao Dunhua (No.7 Plaza of East Metro Mall) stations.During the activity period between October 7 and 26, visitors will be able to borrow, return, and donate books at these temporary facilities. Those who either (1) take and upload pictures of the micro libraries, (2) collects all of the five library stamps, or (3) locate designer-recommended books with their autographs--will be eligible to participate in the events online raffle! In addition, the organizer will be holding two sessions of free guided tours led by designers behind the project themselves on October 8 and 15. The project seeks to promote the habit of reading among riders when traveling on MRT. Each of the micro libraries boasts distinct characteristics and decorations befitting its themeRead with the Dragon (near Zhongxiao Fuxing Station), Capturing the Invisible Reading (Daan Park Station), Little Chapter (Taipei 101/World Trade Center Station), Knowledge Vendor (near Zhongxiao Dunhua Station) and Good Days with Books (Songshan Station).For more information on the micro libraries, visit http://kindom-reading.org/ (Chinese) 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press conference for the 2017 Universiade Taipei City Charity Government Golf Tournament on October 6.During his speech, the mayor noted that the 2017 Summer Universiade is not just Taipeis Universiade, but also Taiwans Universiade. The goal of the event is to bring Taiwan out into the world and let the world learn more about the island. To achieve this objective, he called upon people from all walks of life to support this event, just like supporting the charity golf tournament. The mayor pointed out that regardless of ones background and political affiliations, everyone will be donning on the same uniform, and the Universiade is something worthy of support by the entire population. Talking about golf, Ko noted that the sports is a category which Taiwan has high hopes of claiming a medal at the Universiade. The mayor also expressed his gratitude to Sunrise Golf and Country Club. He noted that the resort not only overhauled the entire complex with its own fund, it also allowed the city government to borrow the facility free of cost for the competition during the period of the Universiade, as well as providing free training for athletes.When asked by the media about why he thought the local team has the highest chance in claiming a medal in golf, the mayor replied that theres a chance for winning medals in all of the categories, but golf happens to be a sport which is considered to be one of Taiwans stronger areas. 
The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) announced that the city will soon see a fleet of double-decker sight-seeing buses winding through its streets, taking visitors on a journey to explore some of the top tourist attractions across the capital. According to TPEDOIT, International Overnight Visitorsan annual index published by Mastercardranks Taipei number 15th among the Global Top 20 Destination Cities. Double-decker tour bus service can be found in a host of metropolises topping the list, including the cities of London, Paris, and New York.TPEDOIT Commissioner Chien Yu-yen pointed out that the City has assisted in the operation of eight double-decker buses run by private businesses. Visitors will be able to enjoy a four-hour ride across Taipei at the price of NT$300 each. Describing the double-decker buses as the most eye-catching mobile tourist attractions, Chien noted that the planned routes will cover landmarks such as Taipei Railway Station, Ximen, North Gate, Taipei Expo Park, Taipei Performing Arts Center, Shilin Official Residence, National Palace Museum, CKS Memorial Hall, Yongkang Street, Daan Forest Park, Taipei 101, Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall, Songshan Cultural and Creative Park, Huashan 1914 Creative Park, and more. The buses will provide multilingual audio guide in Chinese, English, Japanese, and Korean. The tourism department seeks to promote the new service through media exposure as well as engaging bloggers and travel agencies from both home and abroad and targeting Japan, South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Thailand during the first wave of the campaign. 
With Double Ten Day just around the corner, Taipei City Government announced that the flag-raising ceremony commemorating the nations birthday will take place at the Civic Plaza in front of city hall at 7 AM on October 10.Starting at 7 AM on Double Ten Day, the members of Jingmei Girls High School Dance Club and students from the Performing Arts Department of Yuda High School of Commerce and Home Economics will kick-off the ceremony with their exciting shows. At 7:30 AM, the flag will be raised along with the national anthem performed by the young choir members from Taipei Municipal Sanyu Elementary School. The choir of the school won top honors for the north district division at the 2015 Taipei Choir Competition.Following the flag-raising ceremony, the percussion show by Family of Joy Social Welfare Foundation, the Nezha techno dance performance by Jinteng Performance Workshop, and live band by Lai Music Studio will continue to entertain the audience.Civil Affairs Commissioner Lan Shih-tsung remarked that to encourage public turnout, the agency has prepared 5,000 Second Generation Bumble Bags for participants. The exchange vouchers will be handed out at the northern plaza starting at 6:30 AM. The vouchers can be turned at the back of Civic Plaza for a bag between 8 AM and 10 AM. 
Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-jun announced the start of the Urban Renewal Initiative 168 Version 2.0 at a press event on October 4. He pledges to increase administrative efficiency for the citys urban renewal projects.According to Lin, the title 168 stands for 100 percent	approval by residents, 6-month review of urban renewal business plans, and 8-month review of urban renewal rights transformation. An upgrade from the first version launched last year, the Initiative 168 version 2.0 incorporates cross-department resources to allow fast-tracking of urban renewal projects. Related city agencies span Urban Regeneration Office, Construction Management Office, Department of Land Administration, and Department of Finance.     He added that the regeneration procedures entail application, permit retrieval, building survey, rectifying building drawings, registering property rights, among others. The Land Administration Department will take an active role in the city governments preliminary review system to facilitate administrative work.  The deputy mayor pointed out that continued dialogue between city hall and the central government will explore possibilities of providing incentives or tax breaks in the areas of housing tax, deed tax, and land value increment tax as a measure to encourage urban revitalization on a nationwide level.Visit http://168.taipei/ (Chinese) to learn more about Urban Renewal Initiative 168 Version 2.0. 
To encourage elders to take advantage of community resources, this year the Taipei City Government is promoting the community station approach under the Depot 5.0 initiative, seeking to gradually upgrade the sites serving senior citizens across the city. Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived at the Activing Ageing Center at Taipei Medical University (TMU) to learn more about the project and join senior citizens in having lunch on October 4.During his address, the mayor stressed the importance of establishing a care network for Taiwans senior population. The mechanism is still undergoing trials to find out which models are more effective and showing higher performance. These experiments help to accumulate knowhow and experience. The TMU Active Ageing Center taps upon resources of the academia.According to the mayor, there are different levels involved in senior care. The center, which is operated by TMU, is able to benefit from academic resources, such as the knowhow on preventing old people from falling and how to make their living environment safer. There are many things which the city government can learn from the school. The Vice President of TMU Lin Chien-huang remarked that the school is honored to handle the operations of the Active Ageing Center and expressed his gratitude to the mayor for his support. He is very glad to see the elders treating the center as their home, enjoying the company of each other and dining together. As an education and research institution, the students from the department of senior health management often visit the elders and interact with them. He looks forward to the city governments project developing a model allowing elders to enjoy community life as they grow old.
The Department of Information Technology (DOIT) joined hands with Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC), HwaCom Systems, and Free Ad WIFI to introduce the nations first MRT WI-FI 230 trains this October!A total of two Wi-Fi 230-enabled trains will be running on the Songshan Line, allowing commuters to access free 4G WI-FI broadband connection service. The two partner companies have also installed facilities offering the same service at 8 metro stations across the city, including MRT Taipei Zoo, Technology Building, Daan, Nanjing Fuxing, Taipei City Hall, Ximen, Gongguan, and Taipei 101/World Trade Center stations.According to DOIT, the MRT WI-FI 230 is a pilot project that will be conducted from today until the end of February in 2017. Commissioner of Information Technology Lee Wei-bin pointed out that the pilot program does not take up any city government budget. Following plausibility assessment and review, the two private sector partners signed up for the project, offering commuters the option of clicking on city government and public information ads to access free WI-FI services at the aforementioned stations and trains for the duration of project period.The 8 MRT stations and 2 trains offering the free 4G WI-FI connection can be identified by posters or standing cardboard cutouts featuring the mascot character of DOIT 230. To utilize the service, simply turn on the smartphone WI-FI connection and connect to hotspots with 230 in the title, logging on with either your Taipei Free or Facebook account. The maximum time per connection is 30 minutes, and the cap on upload and download is 3Mbps.
In light of the upcoming World Animal Day, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a commemoration event at the Xinyi District Civic Center in the afternoon of October 2.During his address, the mayor cited the great Indian leader Gandhis famous quote: The greatness of a nation can be judged by the way its animals are treated. Therefore, he encouraged the public to work together and make Taipei a city that treats its animals with kindness.With the temperature exceeding 35-degree-Celsius on October 2, the mayor expressed his concern over the well-being of the Universiade mascot Bravo. He noted that the thick hide of the bear makes it susceptible to heat strokes, evoking laughter among the audience.Noting that since its inception in Florence in 1931, the World Animal Day has attracted the participation of 85 countries around the world. In light of several incidents related to dog and cat abuse taking place over the past six months which damaged Taiwans reputation, he would like to express his gratitude to the 40-some non-government organizations that teamed up to organize the World Animal Day event.In an age of low birth rate, the furry friends are not just pets  they are members of the family. The mayor remarked that his sister, who remained single, spends much time and effort on her dog and cats. He called upon the public to help make Taipei a city that treats its animals with kindness.
Mayor Ko Wen-je stressed that innovation is the lifeline for Taiwan s industries during his address at the 2016 Health IoT (Internet of Things) Hackathon Award Ceremony on October 2. Lauding the significance of the Health IoT Hackathon, Ko noted that the competition provides a platform for trials and experience accumulation  an approach that underscores innovation and contributes to progress for a country which lacks resources.     Sharing his views on industry upgrade, the mayor observed that the sharing economy is becoming a global trend. Taipeis YouBike, for example, is a successful scheme of such model. However, the City should evaluate viability and profitability of U-car serviceswhich has seen success in the US and West Europe--before developing a car-sharing program.Ko also made a case for both the capital city and the country to find the niche in the global economic system. The smart city industry, encompassing products such as smart meters and solar panels, serves as a potential driving force for Taiwans economic growth. He reckoned that Taipei will invest an additional 3-percent to 5-percent of its budget on the planned construction of 20,000 public housing units, seeking to market the citys competitive smart industry to Malaysia, Myanmar, and other nations. Speaking on the methods to transform the medical industry in the coming 20 years, Ko believes the key lies not in the invention of new devices, products, or values, but in the introduction of existing management techniques for achieving better service and greater efficiency.   
Mayor Ko Wen-je spoke at the opening ceremony for the 2016 Nuit Blanche Taipei on October 1. Dignitaries attending the opening ceremony include Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Wu Chih-chung, Head of the European Economic and Trade Office Madeleine Majorenko, and Director of France Office in Taipei Benoit Guidee. The First Deputy Mayor of Paris Bruno Julliard also addressed the audience through a prerecorded video footage, welcoming Taipei to the ranks of Nuit Blanche cities.During his address, the mayor noted that the event has its roots in Paris, and that Taipei is the first capital city in Asia to hold the Nuit Blanche event. The event in Paris takes place on the first weekend of October, starting at 6 PM on Saturday and lasting through 6 AM the following morning. The event brings activities from museums and galleries out into the street and lasting the entire night. He invited the public to take part in these cultural and artistic events throughout the night and have fun.Director Guidee noted that the event has been held at 124 cities around the world. The first Asian city to hold the event was Kyoto, but he recalled that it was a bit boring since the Kyoto night tends to be very quiet. He wished everyone to have a great time at the event.The Department of Cultural Affairs pointed out that the Nuit Blanche has taken place at over 120 cities around the world including Brussels, Rome, Madrid, Melbourne, and Ottawa. As the host of the World Design Capital 2016, Taipei is holding the event to invite citizens and tourists to stay up all night and enjoy the performances by artists, performers, and singers. 
The ceremony celebrating Confuciuss 2566th birthday has been moved to the morning of October 1. The event will begin at 6 AM.Spectators with passes to the cancelled ceremony on September 28 can use it to access the event on October 1. The audience will be admitted between 5:30 AM and 6 AM. The original event was postponed due to the cancellation of work and classes in Taipei on September 28. The strong winds and rain would have endangered the safety of both staff and spectators.The Confucius Ceremony organized by the Taipei Confucius Temple conforms to the traditional rituals of Three Presentations. It is considered to be a rarely-seen ceremony in Taiwan which still follows ancient customs.Taipei Confucius Temple reminds the public that the attendees will receive souvenirs such as Analects Monkey School Bag, EasyCard stickers, and wisdom cakes!
The Department of Health (DOH) is urging the public to help improve environmental hygiene and take the necessary precautions against the spread of diseases in the aftermath of typhoon Megi. Residents should bear in mind the three steps of remove, clean, and disinfect as a guideline. A. Ensure safety of drinking water and food maintain environmental sanitation1. Clean and disinfect water storage tanks or cisterns before use.2. Drink boiled tap water or bottled water.3. Eat fully-cooked food. Do not eat spoiled or moldy food. Check expiration date. 4. Kitchen utensils and tableware contaminated by rainwater should be boiled before use. For those that cannot be boiled, soak them in 200 ppm chlorine bleach solutions for 30 minutes. 5. Clean up floors, walls, bathrooms, kitchens and bedrooms with 500 ppm bleach solutions.6. Sanitize yards, gutters, and other damp places in surrounding areas with 1,000 ppm bleach spray. 7. Wash hands frequently and conduct sterilization on a regular basis. Visit http://health.gov.taipei/ (Chinese) to learn more about how to make bleach mix.B. Wear protective gear when conducting cleanup1. Put on water-proof gloves, facial masks, and boots when working on cleanup. Wash both hands with soap afterwards.2. Treat skin abrasions or cuts with extra care and avoid contact with water or mud to minimize the risk for infection. C. Eliminate mosquito breeding sites1. Examine indoor and outdoor spaces for containers with standing water.2. Place containers (tires, PET bottles, cans, and plant pots) lying about in an upside-down position.3. Drain and dump standing water in containers.4. Scrub the containers to remove any mosquito eggs. For more inquiries on disease prevention, call DOH at 02-23753782. 
The city government invites members of the public to join in the Beta testing program for the Input InitiativeTaipei City Government Single Complaint System. The service is slated for official release by the end of 2016. Developed by the Department of Information Technology (DOIT) and regulated by Research, Development, and Evaluation Commission, the initiative seeks to integrate the Citys service request filing platforms and improve response efficiencyrealizing Ko administrations vision of open government and public participation.According to DOIT, residents can currently utilize the 1999 Citizen Hotline or the walk-in service at respective agencies to file their complaints or submit opinions regarding city affairs. The new system allows users to provide text, photo, or location information of their subject in a fast and convenient manner through mobile applications and website platforms. Cases falling under nine major categories (such as garbage management, noise, road maintenance, sewage) will be automatically dispatched to responsible agencies, allowing facilitated response and ensuring a transparent case management process. To learn more about citizens feedback on the new system which combines City Affairs Mailbox and Cityscape Report System, DOIT invites the public to try the beta release and help improve the interface by reporting bugs or providing suggestions on features. All feedback will be used as reference for the applications improvement before its official launch. To participate in the test program, sign up athttps://goo.gl/forms/4OulNALDwOUVPUf13 (Chinese)To submit opinions concerning features of the software: https://goo.gl/forms/PmTKnD8kIPzpdSS52 (Chinese) 
As winds and rain subside after Typhoon Megis departure, the city government mobilized its staff to conduct aftermath cleanup on September 28. Top priorities include the restoration of water, electricity, and transportation, as well as cleaning up the environment.The Department of Environmental Protection noted that it has mobilized 4,950 staff members and dispatched 730 vehicles to strengthen the removal of debris and clean up the roads and streets in Taipei. As of 6 PM on September 28, the agency has transported a total of 471.84 tons of waste and disinfected 100,900 square meters of space.Regarding the cleaning up of schools, the city government reported that a total of 150 schools and 4 continuing education institutes reported damages from the typhoon. The Department of Education requested staff and volunteers to conduct initial cleaning of the respective campuses.The district offices have taken steps in restoring 188 local parks which suffered damages from the typhoon. Cleaning has been completed for 142 parks as of 6 PM on September 28.The Public Works Department pointed out that fallen trees on major throughways in Taipei have been removed as of 6 PM on September 28. The agency will remove all fallen trees from city roads by midnight on September 30. Those inside public green spaces, plazas, and parks will be cleared by October 3.Water supply to city households has been restored at 3 AM on September 28. As of 7 PM on September 28, there are still 1,430 households in Taipei without electricity. The city government is working with Taipower to restore power to these households.The majority of YouBike stations have reopened as of 3 PM on September 28, with the exception of stations in areas affected by power outages.
To improve the welfare of animals, Animal Protection Office (APO) has devised a draft for the General Guidelines for Animal Care based on the Self-governance Article on Animal Protection of Taipei City.The guidelines stipulate facility and treatment requirements for dogs and cats kept as pets, citing Animal Protection Act of the central government and relevant US regulations as reference. For example, a pet should be provided with a shaded, well-ventilated, clean, and comfortable environment if kept on the balcony in light of the limited living space of the metropolis. Exposing pets to a high-temperature environment or lack of care leading to illnesses or death shall be deemed a violation of the law.Pet owners are also prohibited from walking their dogs or other animals by attaching them with a leash to moving vehicles. Violators will be subject to fines between NT$2,000 and NT$10,000 they will be imposed on an amount between NT$15,000 and NT$75,000 if such behaviors result in injuries for the animals in question.APO urges citizens to report animal protection offenses by calling 1999 Citizen Hotline or the citys animal protection hotline at 02-87913064~5. They are also encouraged to report by utilizing the Taipei City Animal Welfare app, helping to make Taipei an animal friendly city. If you have any suggestions for the General Guidelines for Animal Care, please submit your opinions on the following website:  https://www.laws.taipei.gov.tw/lawsystem/wfDraft_Opinion.aspx?ID=20 (Chinese)
To attract Japanese tourists, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) is taking part in the JATA Tourism Expo Japan in Tokyo from September 21 through 25. The agency is joining hands with EVA Air to bring potential visitors the Feel Taipei: the Temperature of a Taipei Vacation bargain deal.In addition to promoting Taipeis delicacies and the upcoming 2017 Summer Universiade, the booth also spotlights a collaborative deal with EVA Air and 21 tour operators across Japan offering Japanese tourists a 3-day-2-night package for visiting Taipei at as low as 24,800 yen.The campaign was introduced following the success of the previous project seeing collaboration with photographer Mika Ninigawa and writer Akira Higashiyama in promoting Taipeis tourism in July. According to Japanese website AB-Road, packaged tours with Taipei as destination are considered to be medium-priced and most abundant for Asia-Pacific region for Japanese consumers.In 2015 alone, the number of Japanese tourists visiting Taipei exceeded 1.5 million. Travelers from Japan comprise the second largest number of foreign tourists traveling to Taipei. Between January and August of 2016, the number of Japanese visitors has reached 1,145,000, showing a 19.7-percent jump compared to the same period in 2015.
Taipei City Office of Commerce (TCOOC) invites the public to participate in the Beef Noodle Carnival for Charity. The event will take place on the southern side of MRT Xinbeitou Station on September 25.Individuals who donate blood or NT$100 at the event will receive a coupon, which can be used at any one of the eight award winning beef noodle stalls for a bowl of beef noodle. Other highlights include exchanging uniform invoices for beef noodle preferential offers, performances by disability groups, beef noodle knowledge quizzes, and free dental care services. Whats more, the carnival will feature chefs demonstrating how to cook first-class beef noodle delicacies. All the proceeds will go to Holy Word Childrens Home.According to TCOOC Director Tsai Tsung-hsiung, the annual Taipei International Beef Noodle Festival has been put in the hands of Taipei Beef Noodle Development Association since last year. Building on past success at bringing Taipeis beef noodle culture to a global audience, the association decided to take a step further by conducting certification programs and focusing on providing customers with prime quality and safe beef noodle delicacies during last years festival.With a shift from marketing Taipei to a more philanthropic cause, the carnival this year seeks to encourage the public to contribute to charity while sampling some of the most well-known beef noodle dishes that the city has to offer.  To learn more about the event, please visit the Chinese FB fan page at https://www.facebook.com/tcooc/(Chinese)
To commemorate World Walking Day on October 2, the Public Works Department will collaborate with the Chinese Taipei Mountaineering Association to organize a mountain-cleaning hike.The event seeks to promote low-carbon mountaineering, mountain-cleaning, hiking without residues, and environmental education. Participants will meet at MRT Qilian Station at 8 AM in the morning on the day of the event. The hiking route will include National Yang-ming University, Junjianyan Hiking Trail, and Qingjiang Elementary School. The entire trail spans 5 kilometers and is expected to take up to 3 hours.According to the Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO), the Junjianyan Hiking Trail will take participants to the southern tip of the Datun Mountain Range in Beitou District. The view from the top of the boulder promises to be a mesmerizing view to the event participants.A raffle will take place after the outing at Qingjiang Elementary School (No. 220, Gongguan Road). Prizes include bicycles, GORE-TEX jackets, and other hiking gear.With the autumn season right around the corner, the city government invites you to come and enjoy the great outdoors!For details, please visit the Chinese website of the Chinese Taipei Mountaineering Association (http://www.alpineclub.org.tw/front/bin/ptdetail.phtml?Part=news_20151004&Rcg=34) or call (02) 2751-0938.
To mark the 17th anniversary of the 921 Earthquake in Taiwan, Mayor Ko Wen-je joined Vice President Chen Chien-jen in visiting the non-profit Xinhai Kindergarten on September 21 to learn about emergency preparedness for kids in the event of an earthquake.During his address, Ko urged that public to take precautions and strengthen preparedness against catastrophes as Taiwan is prone to a host of natural disasters, be it typhoons or earthquakes. The mayor pointed out that disaster prevention has been included in the curricula of schools ranging from kindergartens to senior high and vocational schools across Taipei. From the outstanding performance of the students in the evacuation drill, Ko lauded the effectiveness of the citys effort to raise disaster prevention awareness through education.  In a media session following the visit, Ko stressed that city government places utmost emphasis on building a culture of disaster resilience at an early age, training youngsters to stay safe when disasters strike.
As of October 1, 2016, the Chianti Plaza at Xinyi District will be declared a smoke-free area, making it the first commercial area in Taipei to ban tobacco use.   Jointly promoted by the public and private sectorsinvolving health and environmental protection departments as well as department stores in Xinyi Districtthe move seeks to provide visitors with a pleasant shopping experience at the popular tourist attraction while serving to improve air quality.The smoke-free zone covers the area bounded by Songgao Road, Songzhi Road, Songshou Road, and Lane 20 of Songgao Roadaffecting the arcades, sidewalks, and plazas surrounding buildings of Shin Kong Mitsukoshi A8, A9, and A11, Breeze SONG GAO, and Humble House Taipei. Smoking is still allowed at three designated areas located at Shin Kong Mitsukoshi A8, A9, and A11.  In compliance with Article 31 of Tobacco Hazards Prevention Act, violators will be fined NT$2,000 to NT$10,000. Individuals discarding cigarette butts at the smoking prohibited area will also be fined NT$1,200 to NT$5,000 according to Article 27 of Waste Disposal Act.Department of Environmental Protection pointed out that the regulation will be enforced starting November following the grace period.
The Department of Labor (DOL) urges citizens to seize the opportunity for applyingfor the citys tuition subsidies for children of unemployed parents by the end of September. The program runs from August 1 through September 30. According to DOL Commissioner Lai Hsiang-lin, individuals meeting the following criteria are eligible for the financial aid: -The applicant is domiciled in Taipei City (the limitation on domicile is waived if the applicant is a non-R.O.C. national or a resident from mainland China, Hong Kong, or Macau married to Taipei citizens and permitted to work in Taiwan).-Involuntary termination occurred between April 1, 2016 and September 30, 2016.-The applicant and his/her spouse have a combined household income of under NT$1.48 million for FY2015.-The applicant has child/children attending high schools, vocational schools, colleges, or universities in Taiwan.-The applicant has not received other forms of tuition subsidies or reduction from the government. Children of unemployed workers will receive the subsidy based on the following rates:-NT$5,000 for students attending public high schools or vocational schools-NT$12,000 for students attending private high schools or vocational schools-NT$12,000 for students attending public universities or colleges-NT$26,000 for students attending private universities or collegesDOL reminds applicants to submit the application form and required documents by registered mail to Department of Labor at 5F, No. 1, City Hall Road, Taipei. The application form can be downloaded at (http://bola.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=44552105&ctNode=62845&mp=116003) (Chinese).Please call 1999 Citizen Hotline for more inquiries. 
With the approach of the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei, the Department of Tourism and Information (TPEDOIT) will be giving away mini Bravo dolls through its ON AIR event on Line starting September 20! The main objective is to promote the Universiade, help raise awareness on Formosan black bear conservation, and attract support for Bravo at the 2016 All Taiwan Mascot PK Contest.To help raise the popularity of the Universiades mascot bear, the city governments official LINE account organized its first On AIR event for Bravo at noon on September 20. Participants who are able to answer questions related to Formosan black bears are eligible for a raffle for mini Bravo dolls.This activity became second-highest attended activity organized by the city governments LINE account, attracting over 80,000 participants. To express its gratitude to the participants, the organizer TPEDOIT gave away mini Bravo dolls measuring roughly 20 centimeters in height to those winning the raffle.For those who didnt win a mini Bravo, no need to worry! TPEDOIT noted that it will continue holding activities online to help boost the popularity of Bravo between September 26 and October 4. Simply visit the voting site of the Mascot competition (see below) daily and cast your vote for Bravo for a chance to bring home mini Bravo.TPEDOIT also reminds the public to cast their daily votes for Bravo at the 2016 All Taiwan Mascot PK Contest online from today until October 4. The website of the contest: http://www.2016pk.tw/vote_list/ (Chinese) 
As part of the Fashion Taipei series, the 2016 Taipei Top Fashion Design Award runway show featuring martial arts  in line with 2017 Taipei Universiade  took place at National Taiwan Museum on September 19.The show was organized by the Department of Economic Development (DED).Works from the ten finalists were presented at the showcase, delivering a collection of designs inspired by martial arts, as befitting the theme of the sports event next year. Concepts behind the collection span Tai Chi, Tangzhuang (a Chinese jacket), traditional paper cutting art, print, Ukiyo-e, infinity, primal forces, military suits, Ba Jia Jiang, and others. The show came to a climax with kung fu performances by Peng Wei-chun and Wen Ching-nichampions of the 2009 World Games Nan Chuan category and 2013 National Games all-round martial arts respectively. According to DED Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh, the city government has organized the annual Fashion Taipei campaign since 2013, seeking to nurture budding Taiwanese fashion talents and create business opportunities. The competition has seen a host of Taiwan-based rising stars making their debuts at New York, Tokyo, and Shanghai Fashion Week events. Find the latest fashion vibes of Taipei at http://www.tpefashion.com.tw (Chinese). 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press conference introducing the formation of goodwill missions for the upcoming 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei on September 19. The event kicked-off with the performance by Taipei Universiades mascot Bravo and staff from district offices.During his address, the mayor stressed that his confidence in the Universiade comes from the outstanding civil servants at city hall. While there are voices echoing different opinions out there, he believes that the Citys true potential will show once Taipei picks up momentum for the games. The mayor stressed that the spirit of the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei is to Let Taiwan walk out into the world, and let the world walk in and see Taiwan. With nearly 12,000 athletes and coaches attending the games  not counting the reporters and spectators, he points out that it will be a great opportunity for Taiwan to connect with the global community.According to the mayor, the core concept of the goodwill missions is for each district office to sponsor athletes from selected continents and borough offices to host participants from respective nations. This ensures that guests and event participants will be looked after, allowing them to experience the hospitality of Taipei.Responding to media questions on the target number of hosts and supporting organizations for the Universiade, the mayor replied that the city government expects the number of official volunteers to reach 18,000. Yet, he believes there is no cap for recruitment efforts.
During his address at the opening ceremony of Art Expo Taiwan 2016the debut of an exhibition dedicated to works all by Taiwan based artists, Mayor Ko Wen-je pledged to invest 1 percent of the citys public infrastructure budget into public art projects in the future.Expressing his gratitude to the expos sponsors Owl Acts Arts Society and Kuei Jung Exhibition Co., the mayor remarked that art not only serves the purpose of enhancing public aesthetics whats more important is its role in driving the momentum of local art that seeks to distinguish itself with Taiwanese traits.  Ko reiterated that the capital must be transformed via cultural approaches and the prerequisite lies in peoples quest for beauty. For example, the design of the planned 20,000 public housing units slated for completion in four years time will be implemented beyond practicality.Recalling a recent trip to Kaohsiung, the mayor reckoned that he was impressed with two MRT stations in the port city which rank among the top in the world in terms of aesthetics. He reckoned that Taipeis MRT network has a lot of room for improvement when it comes to aesthetic appeal and individual characteristics of each station.  Ko toured the expo in the company of local artists following the press event, taking time to learn about the ideas behind their artworks. He purchased one of the paintings in a charity sale. 
To strengthen city-to-city relations between Taipei and Matsuyama, the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei display area of the Taipei Lantern Festival has been lit in Matsuyama on the night before the famous Omikoshi Soneri event on September 17.According to Senior Specialist Shen Yung-hua, several works displayed at the 2016 Taipei Lantern Festivals Universiade zone have been relocated to the event site in Matsuyama Shiroyama Park. Hopefully, the display area at the park will allow the residents of Matsuyama and visitors to enjoy the lantern craftsmanship of Taipei, as well as promoting both the 2017 Taipei Lantern Festival and Universiade to friends in Japan.The 2017 Taipei Lantern Festival will take place in Ximenting in February next year. The city government seeks to overhaul the image of the old part of town through the West District Portal Project, transforming the West district into an area fit to be described as Taipeis gateway to the world. Taipei has continued to maintain friendly relations and exchange with Matsuyama city since 2009. From 2011, the tourism and cultural exchange between the two cities take the form of participation in Mikoshi-clashing events in Taipei and the installation of the friendship clock tower in Songshan District  the collaboration between Taipei Ciyou Temple and Dogo Onsen.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a ribbon-cutting ceremony to mark the start of the 1st German-Taiwanese Green Building Design Forum at Songshan Cultural and Creative Park on September 13. He expressed his gratitude to Germany Trade Office Taipei for holding the event in Taipei, providing an arena for green energy experts from both sides to exchange opinions. Ko noted that the concepts of renewable energy, environmental protection, and carbon reduction are placed with sublime value in the development of modern cities, both economically and politically. He hopes the forum will introduce more knowledge in the field to Taiwan as Taipei endeavors to become a green city.Asked by the media about his expectations for the forum, the mayor reckoned that he hopes a channel will be opened to tap into Germanys technology as the European country tops the world in the advancement of practical science. Concerning the citys plans to promote renewable energy, Ko remarked the city government will spearhead in the effort. The implementation of intelligent power meters, water meters, solar panels, and electric gridsfor example--will start at public housing projects before the industry grows large enough for the energy efficient devices to be massively adopted by the private sector. He added that the public should take up the challenge of inadequate resources facing the world, keeping up with the global trend of reduce, recycle, and reuse.Following his speech, the mayor visited exhibition booths accompanied by Executive Director Andreas Hergenrther to learn more about Germanys techniques and applications in the promotion of sustainable architecture. 
With the arrival of Typhoon Meranti, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation pointed out that to ensure the safety of MRT riders and the mass transit system during this period, all the latest updates regarding adjustment to services will be disseminated via the city government website, company website, Taipei Metro Go App, and in-station information and broadcast system.When the wind gust per second exceeds the established safety limit, the MRT, Maokong Gondola, and the Taipei Childrens Amusement Park will suspend. The public should take note of the following:1. For surface and elevated sections of Tamsui-Xinyi Line, Songshan-Xindian Line, Zhonghe-Xinlu Line, and Bannan Line: When either the wind gust per second reaches level 11 or average wind speed within 10 minutes reaches level 10, operations will be suspended according to SOP. Operations for underground sections of the MRT, service will continue with adjustments to service intervals.2. Wenhu Line: When either the wind gust per second reaches level 10 or average wind speed within 10 minutes reaches level 6, operations will be suspended according to SOP.3. Maokong Gondola: Following the announcement of typhoon land advisories (where affected areas include Taipei City), the decision of whether to suspend operations for the gondola will depend on actual weather conditions. Services of the gondola will be suspended if Taipei City Government cancels work and classes.4. Taipei Childrens Amusement Park: Following the announcement of typhoon land advisories (where affected areas include Taipei City), the decision of whether to suspend operations for the park will depend on actual weather conditions. The park will close if Taipei City Government cancels work and classes.For the latest updates, please visit the Chinese website of TRTC (www.metro.taipei). You can also call the 24-hour customer service hotline (02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline. 
Waishuangxi Park, located right across the National Palace Museum, is one of Taipeis ecological wetlands for educational and recreational purposes. Sponsored by Rotary Club District 3480 with professional assistance provided by The Society of Wilderness, a conservation area was established inside the park in 2008. The venue has since become an important hub of ecological restoration and a natural classroom promoting the concept of wetland protection.According to Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) Director Huang Li-yuan, not only has the Waishangxi Park transformed from an ordinary park with only the basic amenities into a green space with exuberant life for locals, but it has also become a halfway house for wetland plants and animals. The chief of the Horticulture Management Division noted that Waishuangxi Park boasts three ecological pools, which are home to a variety of aquatic plants  including Taiwan indigenous species. These range from Small-leaved Barringtonia, buttonbush, water willow, yellow water lily, Taiwan native rice, Taiwan Toad lily, crested floating heart, to the endangered Da-Ann Hygrophila.The seemingly haphazardly-growing plants at the wetland provide an ideal habitat for amphibians, shielding them from great egrets among other avian predators, noted an expert from The Society of Wilderness. Growing ligneous plants around the edge of the pools also serves to reinforce the soil embankment in the event of typhoons. In addition, birds can be seen resting on the platforms in the ponds.   PSLO invites the public to embark on an eco-exploration at the Waishuangxi Park to learn about how wetlands help to mitigate the impact brought upon by extreme weather.  
In light of the approach of Typhoon Meranti, the Fire Department reminds residents to take all necessary preparations to minimize possible hazards during the typhoon.The Fire Department offers the following tips when making preparations: -	For those who require emergency assistance during typhoons, please call 1999, 119, or 110.-	Residents who notice clogging of storm drains or sewer ducts can call 1999 to report the case.-	Residents living at slopes, low-elevation areas, or zones next to the riverside should be ready to evacuate if need arises.-	Prepare radio, flash light, first aid pack, drinking water, rations, and other living necessities in the house beforehand.-	Check electricity and gas pipelines. Exercise caution when using stoves or cooking to minimize the risk of fires.-	All windows and doors should receive maintenance checks beforehand. All plant plots should either be relocated indoors or reinforced with support structures to minimize the chance of breaking and wounding pedestrians.-	Signs, fences and billboards should be either temporarily dismantled or strengthened as a precautionary measure against gales.-	Follow the orders of city personnel upon receiving orders to evacuate.-	Avoid leaving your home unnecessarily during typhoons. Avoid using candles to minimize the chance of fires.-	To ensure household safety, those with basement floors should prepare water pumps and implement sandbags or other barricades at the entrance.-	Do not remove fallen power lines or cable lines on your own. Call 119, 110, or 1999 for professional assistance.-	Prepare personal evacuation backpacks. It should include bottled water, rations, photocopy of ID documents, cash, medicines, work gloves, flash light, radio, batteries, warm clothing, towel, raincoat, tissue paper, keys, Swiss knife, and other useful gear.  For the latest updates on weather info, flooding trends, and evacuation zones, please visit the Taipei City Disaster Prevention and Rescue Information Website (http://www.eoc.gov.taipei/taipeicityems1_public_en). Residents can also download the Taipei City Mobile App for Disaster Prevention.
Mayor Ko Wen-je delivered a speech on Taipei through My Eyes from the perspectives of career development, entrepreneurship, and leadership during a seminar held by the citys Employment Service Center on September 10.Highlighting the city governments mission to serve its citizenry and to drive innovation, the mayor set out four core values of his administrationintegrity, openness and sharing, innovation, as well as teamwork. He stressed that mutual trust is key to the implementation of city policies. The spirit of openness and sharingembodied in the success of YouBike, Uber, and Airbnbcontributes to the rising trend of sharing economy. Taipei will seek to adapt to the trend and roll out the Ucar service to further the cause of environmental protection. Speaking of innovation, Ko remarked that it is the answer to the future development of Taiwan. He also made a case for better horizontal communication and coordination among city agencies to underscore the importance of teamwork.During the Q & A session, a member of the audience inquired about the role of dietitians in the field of preventive medicine. Well-acquainted with the medical fields, Ko stated that he believes that reform is necessary to divert part of the islands medical resources to the promotion of health awareness and exercise, instead of investing everything on medical care.Addressing the issue of entrepreneurship support raised by another participant of the seminar, the mayor reckoned that Taiwan should learn from San Franciscos experience in evaluating the effectiveness of an entrepreneurship program. Rather than seeking 90% success rates, the island should focus more on assisting those who failed in sustaining enough momentum to continue their undertakings.  
The tug-of-war event of the 2016 All Taiwan Mascot PK Contest took place at the Shihdai Boulevard in Kaohsiung City on September 11. Bravo, the mascot for the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei, is taking part in this competition to challenge other lovable characters from across Taiwan. The team from Taipei, led by the Chairperson of the Taipei Universiade Organization Committee Su Li-chiung, seeks to promote the upcoming sports event to the audience in southern Taiwan while making Bravo the most popular Formosan black bear on the island.During his address, the Deputy Mayor of Kaohsiung City Hsu Li-ming called upon the audience to support Universiade like the way they supported the 2009 World Games in Kaohsiung. Chairperson Su also presented a Bravo doll to the mascot of Kaohsiung City Hua Ma as a token of friendship. Describing Bravo as cute, Su stressed her confidence in Taipeis mascot and believes the bear will take first place. She hinted that Bravo has been taking part in serious training in recent month, hoping to show the public his best performance during the Mascot parade on October 1. She also called upon the audience to cast their daily vote for Bravo during the online mascot contest (see below for link) between September 12 and October 4. Chinese website of the Mascot Contest: http://2016pk.twBravos Chinese Facebook Fan Page: https://goo.gl/tdSxsN
Are you still immersed in playing the mobile game Pokmon Go? How long have you been so obsessed with your smartphones, leaving you no time to pay attention to the beautiful scenery in the surroundings? To revive the relationship between the city and its dwellers, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) will be kicking off a video and photography competition. The agency invites the public to capture the diverse faces of Taipei.  Entitled Shoot Your City, the contest is accepting submissions (both photos and videos) via an online platform starting October 24. Themes range from Taipeis urban landscape, tourist attractions, historical sites, culinary scenes, to cultural elements. Participants should provide a title for their work, along with an introduction in Chinese. The first-place prize award for photography is NT$20,000 and the award for video entry winner is NT$50,000. Winner of the online popularity vote will receive a KODAK digital camera.Please visit the activity website (http://ShootUrself.travel.taipei)(Chinese) or call (02)2913-553, extension 603, for more information.
The Hakka Affairs Commission (HAC) has joined hands with Department of Cultural Affairs (DOCA) and Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation to introduce Hakka-style jazz as the theme music for MRT Taipower Building Station.   As a part of the collaboration between TRTC and DOCA, the latest phase of the Taipei Sound Landscape Project will feature the music from the jazz music album Shange Langxiang. Between 7 AM and 7 PM, the music from the album will be played at the station on the hour.  MRT Taipower Building Station was selected due to its close vicinity to the Taipei City Hakka Cultural Park. The theme music will no doubt convey the essence of Hakka art and culture to travelers on the MRT.  According to HAC Commissioner Chung Yung-feng, the music from the album is created by composer and winner of the Golden Melody Award Annie Lin. With over decades of experience in composing Hakka new music, Lin taps into the resonance between the three distinct Hakka folk song tones of La, Do, and Mi and blues rhythm to compose music replacing Hakka lyrics with voices of instruments.   The fourth phase of the Taipei Sound Landscape Project selects theme music for five MRT stations which highlights the surrounding elements of the respective stations, hoping to provide MRT passengers with enjoyable experiences and rich memories during their ride.  
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that a total of 108 MRT stations will be offering food delivery and self-pickup service in collaboration with Catch Power starting September!In light of the growth in e-commerce sales over the years, TRTC is seizing the opportunity to introduce self-pickup service by installing intelligent parcel lockers across the MRT network. The devices comprise three different temperature storage compartments--normal temperature, cooler, and freezer. The collaboration marks an innovative move in the history of global mass transport system.According to TRTC, each MRT station is equipped with the smart lockers and a touch screen utilizing remote control technology. The device allows busy commuters to shop, order, pay, and collect in a fast-tracked manner. Customers can use internet-connected mobile phones or computers to order a meal course comprising three dishes and one soup a day ahead of the collection date. They can pick their parcel up by entering the code at designated lockers at the nearest MRT station from their home, promising a convenient shopping experience and a quality meal.To learn more about the service, please call TRTC 24-hour hotline at 02-218-12345 or refer to the Chinese websites of TRTC (http://www.metro.taipei/) or Catch Power (https://www.catch-power.com/).
In the interest of attracting more travelers from the ten ASEAN nations, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) arrived in Vietnam for the International Travel Expo Ho Chi Minh City (ITE HCMC). This is the next stop for the agency following successful tourism campaigns in Thailand, Indonesia, and Malaysia. The agencys booth provides fliers in Vietnamese to inform expo visitors about the unique characteristics of traveling in Taipei, offering tips on shopping tours, temple districts merging the old and the new, Maokong Gondola fun, and the beauty of Taipeis backyard with its natural appeal.According to statistics, the population of Vietnam has reached 94 million people. In 2015, roughly 146,380 Vietnamese travelers visited Taiwan. This showed a 6.71-percent growth compared to the figures from 2014, surpassing the number of Filipino (139,217) and Thai (124,409) visitors. The rising number of Vietnamese traveling to other countries makes the country a potential source for tourists. According to TPEDOIT, the interest of Vietnamese tourists for visiting Taipei has been boosted by the recent relaxing of visa application process. The new regulation grants Vietnamese possessing visa for countries such as the US, Canada, UK, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, and EU within the past 10 years visa-free entry to Taiwan (though registration online before travel is still required).The ITE HCMC is one of the top travel expos in the Mekong River region, as well as the largest tourism exhibition on the Indochina Peninsula. Each year, the event attracts over 10,000 visitors and multiple nations and agencies.  
With the Moon Festival just around the corner, Taipei Mayor Ko Wen-je served as the leader of the troops entertainment group. The group comprises members from different walks of society.Accompanied by Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji, Commissioner of Compulsory Military Service Fu Yung-mao, city officials, and representatives from Taipei City Council and the private sector, Ko attended the Moon Festival banquet for armed forces organized by the Taipei Service Station for Military Personnel at the Zhongzhen Military Camp on September 7.Military officers and personnel from 26 units from the armed forces attended the event, including representatives from the Military Police Command, Armed Forces Reserve Command, and the 6th Corp Command. During his speech, the mayor expressed his gratitude to the military units for providing the city government with support and assistance over the past year and wishing the officers happy holidays. As the flood season has yet to come to a close, he hopes that the military will still continue their support in disaster operations to help safeguard the well-being and properties of Taipei residents.The mayor also presented the units from the armed forces with meal bonus money for the upcoming festival, showing the Citys support and encouragement for the military.
With the advent of the balmy autumn weather, Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) invites the public to take advantage of the city's Guizikeng Camping Site for a relaxing recreational experience during the approaching Double Tenth Day holiday. Guizikeng, boasting a unique natural environment, is an ideal place for camping activities. The circular plaza at the site serves as a venue for field games while city dwellers enjoy a rare opportunity to relish the view of a starry night sky free of light pollution, as well as listening to live concerts featuring melodies from nature. The camping ground is home to a Lovers Lake populated by lotus and fish. The traces of blue magpies can also be found in the surrounding woods.According to GEO, Guizikeng Camping Site comprises a grass area designed for ordinary visitors and a zone for those who arrive on motor vehicleseach space is equipped with electricitymaking the camping experience even more convenient.  Individuals should visit the citys recreation-themed website (http://gisweb.taipei.gov.tw/release/)(Chinese) to make reservations 30 days ahead of their planned arrival date. The service is totally free. However, barbeque at the camping ground is prohibited to prevent fires.  In the interest of improving the camping experience for visitors, GEO noted that Guizikeng will undergo renovation and expansion starting October 11, 2016. The service is slated to resume on January 1, 2017.For more information, please visit the Chinese official website of GEO at http://www.tcge.taipei.gov.tw/ 
In an effort to improve the drainage system along Fuxing Road in Wenshan District, Mayor Ko Wen-je conducted an inspection trip to the site of the ongoing storm water drain and flow separation system on September 6.After arriving at the site, the mayor attended a briefing session at the first floor of the construction site for an update of progress by staff from the Public Works Department (PWD). He also went on a tour inside the storm water sewer system.According to PWD, roughly 80-percent of the construction has been completed for the storm water drainage system. The agency expects to link up with the Fuxing Park Discharge Pipe roughly by the end of September or early October. The new system will be in place by April 2017, helping to relieve flood pains for the community.During the interview session with the press, a reporter asked whether the mayor is inspecting the drainage construction in light of the typhoon season. Ko indicated that there was a flood in Wenshan District last year. The construction at Fuxing Road is a part of the overall flood prevention plan.As for whether the construction time took longer due to complaints from local residents, the mayor replied that many people in the neighborhood are concerned about the quality of living. He recalled the Commissioner of Public Works complaining to him that his agency was fined NT$200,000 by the Department of Environmental Protection because of this. 
To promote local tourism and the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) will be taking part in the upcoming float parade at the Shanghai Tourism Festival. A warm-up activity to the float parade was held at the Shanghai New World Daimaru targeting children and parents. The event challenged children to design a mini float promoting Taipei. A total of 10 contestant teams were selected from the pool of applicant to compete at the department store venue on September 4.Furthermore, Bravo, the mascot of the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei, also appeared at the event in Shanghai to promote the international sports tournament. Joining the kids at the contest, Bravo used sports gears such as ping pong rackets and tennis balls to highlight his mini float. The winning work was chosen by the audience on the day of the competition. The young winner surnamed Chen went home with 3 round trip airfare to Taiwan for his family. The float parade of the Shanghai Tourism Festival will take place between September 10 and October 6. A total of 25 floats will participate in the parade this year. The route will take the floats past local landmarks such as Nanjing Road pedestrian zone, Baoyang Wharf, and Sichuan Road.
When a serious disaster strikes, it is likely that the area hit will be without phone and Internet connection due to damages to the cable lines  in addition to ruined roads that might seriously impede transportation.To explore possible solutions to such scenario, the Department of Information Technology (DOIT) teamed up with Fire Department, Parks and Street Lights Office, Geosat, GeoThings, Edimax, Accton, and Chunghwa Telecom to hold a drill to test the Drone-based Disaster Communication Backup System.The drones used in the drill are equipped with devices to enable wireless Internet connection links. The agency came up with this approach by studying cases conducted by Facebook and Google in setting up Internet communication connection via aerial devices.The drill will be conducted at the Daan Forest Park. The objective includes the implementation of field test for some of the concepts, as well as conducting aerial filming missions. DOIT Commissioner Lee Wei-bin noted that this is the first time for the City to organize a drill involving communication link devices installed on drones. Hopefully, the drill will provide data allowing private sector partners to overcome the technical aspects of integrating drone system, wireless Internet connection devices, and Internet relay mechanism. This project, involving public-private partnership, seeks to strengthen communication channels during times of emergencies and boost disaster relief efforts. 
The New Constructions Office (NCO) announced that it has finished the overhaul of Zhongxiao Bridge ramp in August. The project has been completed roughly 3 months ahead of schedule. Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong presided over the reopening ceremony in the morning of September 3, leading officials from NCO and the departments of Public Works, Transportation, and Police.Expressing gratitude to the residents of Taipei City and New Taipei City who utilize the bridge for commute, NCO remarked that the understanding and tolerance of residents for construction-related inconvenience is the key to ensure the smooth progression of work. The agency also thanked the police force and volunteers from both municipalities for helping to maintain traffic flow during the period.  According to NCO, an additional three lanes has been added to the existing lanes at the ramp  two lanes in the direction entering Taipei City and one lane in the direction of New Taipei City. The agency reminds drivers and motorcyclists to pay attention to the respective left-turn lanes for motorcycles and vehicles on the side entering Taipei. In consideration of possible confusion with directions during the initial period, the existing detours will remain in effect for vehicles which missed the left turn signs.  
On September 4, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the firefly-release activity at the eco pond inside Daan Forest Park. This is the second time for the mayor to personally participate in activities related to firefly rehabilitation efforts.During his address, the mayor expressed his gratitude to the staff of Public Works Department and the members from the Friends of Daan Forest Park for the firefly release. He believes that the result is a good example of public-private partnership. Furthermore, Ko also thanked residents for playing a role in the firefly rehabilitation project. Due to the success in bringing back the fireflies to the park, Taipei City Government was able to secure the hosting rights for the 2017 International Firefly Symposium. It is an important milestone for Taipei as an eco-city.According to the mayor, the City began working on the firefly rehabilitation project at the park in April. He even visited the park several weeks ago to instruct the expansion of the area for the projects implementation. There are two objectives for todays event, noted the mayor. The first objective is to help the new fireflies find a new home, and the second goal is to provide adults and children an opportunity for environmental education.Accompanied by the Director of the Parks and Street Lights Office Huang Li-yuan, Ko also tried out the newly-installed solar panels and solar-powered cell phone charging device inside the park.
Co-organized by the Department of Cultural Affairs and Taipei Culture Foundation, the Taipei Media School held its first class on September 1. Mayor Ko Wen-je was invited to serve as the guest lecturer on the schools opening day.The mayor began his speech by recounting his past experience, from childhood, school, military life, hospital staff, to mayor. He encouraged the audience with the phrase just do it. Recalling the 3 ambitions he had since his youth  climbing Jade Mountain, traveling the island on bicycle, and taking part in the Dajia Matsu pilgrimage  were never really high on his priority list because he believes he has time. He mentioned that he wanted to attend singer Feng Fei-feis concert, but she passed away when he thought about waiting another year. This taught him that whatever he inspires to do he should not wait.  He told the students that the popular belief is to be the leader in politics. However, after the mayoral election campaign, he realized that it is wrong it should be the messenger of culture. He believes that whether a book, a movie, or a song, these objects have greater impact upon society than politics.He encouraged the students that You are limited by your imagination and to exercise their creativity and not to be trapped by the conventional concepts. He pointed out that the students chose this school because they believe it offers something different. There, belief is the key to changing the world.Lauding the students for their courage in choosing this school, he pointed out that the secret to success is to not be afraid of failure. Life itself is a process, so theres really nothing to lose since the end is the same for everyone. 
With the recent high temperature and sunny days, there has been an explosive growth of aqua plants at Daan Forest Park eco pond which threatened to overwhelm the balance of the eco system.To retain the balance, the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) has been working on the removal of the excess vegetation. These include a large number of water cabbages. Hoping that these resources are not wasted, the agency welcomes the public to come to the Daan Forest Park Management Office and bring home some of these water cabbages to place in the aquariums at home. The plants can be collected during regular office hours on September 1 and 2.The agency reminds residents not to directly remove the water cabbages from the pond when visiting the office to bring some home. Also, do not abandon the water cabbages at bodies of water outdoors when they decide not to keep them due to fear of affecting the local ecosystem. PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan remarked that adopting natural approaches which integrates with the environment is the primary objective of the agency. Through the effort of staff members, the park has become a habitat for many avian and a floating isle of nature in the city. It will redouble its effort to help Taipei become an eco-friendly city in the future.
Taipei Public Library (TPL) will be joining hands with Director Tsao Jui-yuan to hold a series of seminars on the topic of Integrating Drama and Literature starting in September.The director is known for works of TV drama adaptations of full-length novels. At the invitation of TPL, he will be traveling and giving speeches at TPL, New Taipei Public Library, and Taoyuan Public Library. The schedule is as follows:Taipei SessionVenue: 10th floor International Conference Hall, Taipei Public LibraryDate: Sunday, September 11Time: 2 PM  4 PMContact: (02) 27552823, ext. 2113New Taipei SessionVenue: 3rd Floor Seminar Hall, New Taipei City Public LibraryDate: Saturday, October 22Time: 2 PM  4 PMContact: (02) 29537868, ext. 8005Taoyuan SessionVenue: 5F, Main Building, Taoyuan Public LibraryDate: Sunday, November 6Time: 2 PM  4 PMContact: (03) 3322592, ext. 8413Pre-registration is not required for the seminars at Taipei City and New Taipei City. Those interested in attending the session in Taoyuan should register beforehand at the registration website of Taoyuan Public Library (http://www.typl.gov.tw/mp.asp?mp=1). 
On August 31, the members of Taipei City Emergency Rescue Team departed for Tokyo to participate in the upcoming 2016 Japan Tokyo Comprehensive Disaster Drill.The delegation includes the deputy leader of the team Yang Chao-yuan and five other team members. In addition to taking part in the drill, the team will also visit Tokyo Metropolitan Disaster Prevention Center and Tokyo Fire Department, as well as conducting exchange with the members from the Fire Rescue Task Force under the 6th Fire District Headquarter.As a nation where earthquakes are commonplace, Japan conducts numerous comprehensive disaster drills at numerous locations across the country throughout the year to strengthen disaster awareness among the public and familiarize staff with gear and operation procedures. Through the Network of Crisis Management framework, Tokyo invites the rescue forces from several cities outside of Japan to take part in the drill. This allows international search and rescue teams to work on improving coordination and communications efforts. This year marks the tenth year which Taipeis rescue forces participated in the exercise. 
The Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) announced that it will be making parts of the floodgate walls at 5 riverside parks across the city available for citizens and graffiti artists to exercise their creativity.Given the amount of pressure people encounter in their day-to-day life, a way for citizens to relieve their anxiety is to excessive energy through artworks. According to HEO, selected murals at five riverside parks will be open to the public for painting and drawing starting September 1. These murals are located inside Yingfeng, Meiti, Bailing East, Fuhe, and Jingmei riverside parks.While the agency welcomes people to sketch and paint at these walls, HEO reminds the public that obscene illustration and over-politicized slogans are not permitted. Works violating this principle will be removed.The selected murals are currently undergoing cleaning. The repainting of the murals will be completed on August 31.  
For the majority of the public, any mentioning of back alleys during the earlier days inevitably invokes images of an area that is dark, humid, and dirty. To rectify this impression and to raise the standard of living for citizens, the Public Works Department Sewage Systems Office has been working on the overhaul of back alleys for many years, completing the works for 1,417 locations as of July 2016.At the same time, with growing numbers of tourists and the fast pace of globalization, the Sewage Systems Office placed an emphasis on back alleys in the vicinity of the tournament venues for the upcoming 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei.To ensure the smooth progress of constructions, the agency requested nearby residents to proactively remove obstacles in the alleyways, leaving at least 1.5 meters in width for work and maintenance. After completing the pipework connections, the road surface is restored with concrete. However, attention on elements such as aesthetics, practicality, safety, and cost is considered during the restoration process to create an environment that is bright and tidy.Assistant Chief Engineer Liao noted that there are also cases where community input goes into the process of making the vicinity more pleasant through restoration works. Whether through using color tiles to form designs of flowers and animals on the surface or utilizing flowers and plants to decorate the surroundings, the agency is able to achieve area beautification and boost public involvement in the process.  
According to the statistics collected by the YouBike customer service hotline, some of the most commonly-asked questions by users include usage records and whether acts of borrowing/returning bicycles or fee deduction have been successful.In light of this, the newly updated YouBike app for smart phones has included a new Notification function.According to the Department of Transportation (DOT), once users download the app on their smartphone and registered their membership number, he or she can select Notification and activate the notification function. Once the function is selected, the system will automatically dispatch a message to the user within three minutes of borrowing or returning the YouBike. An example of such message would be: YouBike returned and fee deduction successful! Your bicycle A11111 was returned to City Hall Rental Station parking post 001-1 at 2016-08-08 08:00:01. The fee of NT$5 has been deducted from your EasyCard 0123456789.Notifications cover (1) borrowing/returning bicycles, (2) fee deduction, (3) operation-related or emergency updates, and (4) activities and events updates.If the user lost his or her card, he or she can delete the registered card number from the apps Card Management function to avoid others from using the missing or stolen card. For questions on YouBike and the app, please visit the YouBike Chinese website (www.youbike.com.tw).  
Visitors at Daan Forest Park will probably recognize a newly installed street light powered by wind and solar energy located behind the audience seating at the outdoor concert area. The facility also boasts two sets of USB connection interface, allowing the public to charge their mobile devices while relaxing at the park.According to the Public Works Department, it will encourage contracted firms to develop different types of battery chargers using recycled energy which will be installed at other parks across the city.Parks and Street Lights Office Director Huang Li-yuan noted that in light of the Tainan Earthquake earlier this year, the city established the Taipei City Disaster Prevention Park Improvement Project. In the interest of strengthening the lighting and power facilities of disaster prevention parks and implementing recycled energy policies, as well as the popularity of mobile device charging service and Daan Forest Parks role as an important spot for leisure activities, the agency installed the nations first solar-and-wind-powered street light with charging function at the park.Chief Lee of the Street Light Section at PSLO pointed out that considering elements such as the efficiency of charging batteries and the cost of maintenance, the light post uses both recycled energy and standard electricity as power sources. At times when the stored power is not enough, it will switch to standard electricity to avoid over-discharge of battery and to boost stability. The street light is turned on for six hours a day, as well as providing charging service for citizens mobile devices. In the case of power outage or major disasters, the electricity stored via solar and wind power generation will be able to continue to provide illumination and charging of mobile devices. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening ceremony of the 2016 Special Force World Championship in Taipei on August 27.In his address, the mayor noted that as the chief administration officer of the host city, he is here to express his support and encouragement for the event. He noted that a rough estimate indicates that there are over 7.5 million gamers in Taipei,establishing a concrete market in this area.Also, from the perspective of industries, the gaming eco-system spans competitive computer games, hardware and accessories, tournament organizations, competitive gaming teams, and entertainment media. Furthermore, gaming celebrities can also be considered as a part of tourism and promotions  even an aspect of the creative industry.The mayor pointed out that gaming as an industry in Taiwan is rather comprehensive, forming an entire industry chain spanning from the production end through the consumption end. He noted that the next phase involves how to make the entire industry chain more successful. Since thecity government has already included the gaming industry as one of the supported industries, it will provide support in different areas. He encouraged the members of Taiwans team, saying that all they need to care about is winning. 
The implementation of the Garden City Project has received widespread acclaim from the public. On August 24, Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong led a delegation on a visit to a local rooftop garden to inspect the achievements of the Citys policy.With record-high temperatures engulfing the city throughout this summer, the garden city project helps to increase the area of greens across the city, offering a possible approach towards assuaging the summer heat in urban areas. At the same time, establishing rooftop gardens also help to minimize the impact from direct exposure to sunlight. Mayor Lin pointed out that many experts expressed their approval regarding Taipeis Garden City project. The policy emphasizes the creation of rooftop gardens and surface gardens on public properties and roofs of public-owned buildings, hospitals, public housings, and senior centers. Director Huang Li-yuan of Parks and Street Lights Office remarked that the implementation of Garden City policy requires actual support from the public in addition to plans devised by the government. He cited the adoption of the rooftop garden located at Yangde Community Center by the residents of the local borough as an example of citizens contribution.According to Chief Chang of Dexing Borough, while many residents do not know each other, they become involved in the project over concern of food safety and interest in raising crops. The harvests from the garden are also given to disadvantaged groups. Currently, all available plots have been taken, with many people still on the waiting list.
With the end of summer vacations in sight, Taipei Childrens Amusement Park (TCAP) announced that it will remain open on Mondays between August 29 and December 31.According to Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC), the policy of opening TCAP on Mondays during the summer vacation received widespread acclaim from the public. Therefore, the agency decided to continue the policy through December 31. It also reminded the public that there is free admission to the park on Mondays as well.In addition, TRTC also announced the installation of a science fiction-themed virtual reality game at the park. With the help from the virtual reality glasses, players board the motion cockpit to explore the far universe for adventure. Through the end of August, TCAP is offering players a special discount of admitting two players for the price of 1 (Original price: NT$ 150 per player).TRTC also remind visitors that the TCAP application for smart phones is also available on app stores for both iOS and Android phones. The app offers reservation functions for users, allowing them to have better control over their time and avoid long queues by making reservations ahead of time.For more information on the hours of TCRC, please visit the Chinese website of TCAP (www.tcap.taipei) or the Chinese website of TRTC (www.metro.taipei). You can also call the 24-hour hotline of TRTC (TEL: 02-218-12345) or 1999 Citizens Hotline for details. 
Attracting 650 talented programmers from Taiwan and abroad, the 2016 Hack NTU concluded on August 21. The hackathon event is jointly organized by HackNTU, Taidah Entrepreneurship Center, and the D-school@NTU. The Department of Information Technology (DOIT) is also one of the events co-organizers.In the interest of promoting the open data policy of Taipei City Government, DOIT set up the Taipei City Government Open Data Innovative Application Award, offering NT$50,000 to the top 3 teams who utilized the open data assets in an innovative and effective way in their final products.  Nearly 40 teams competed in the open data contest. The participants exercised their innovation and creativity to create products from the data available on the open data website within 46 hours. After attending the presentation by each participating team on their products, the jury from DOIT selected the top three works, including Mom Im Here, FB phone, and Food Safety BXB. Commissioner Lee Wei-bin remarked that in addition to achieving administration transparency, the effective use of information under open data policy also helps to resolve different problems encountered by citizens. Through various tournaments, the city encourages the development of value-adding projects that make use of these data which can be accessed by the public, while helping to nurture IT talents and encouraging smart applications.
Mayor Ko Wen-je discussed the issue of poverty with Garmeen Bank Founder and Nobel Peace Prize Winner Muhammad Yunus during a symposium at the Social Business East Asian Conference 2016 on August 24.During their conversation, the mayor expressed his gratitude to Yunus for his analysis. He noted that professor Yunus is both a scholar and an action-taker to help people escape poverty, helping him win the Nobel Peace Prize. Taipei City Government can learn from the expert on how to help the poor through economic development through the conference.Having spent a long period of his career as a doctor at the critical care and intensive care units, Ko remarked that the most serious disease in this world is poverty. Rich people rarely become sick, since they can afford to eat well, sleep well, and be happier. On the other hand, the poor are less well-off, often tormented by worries and working long hours. Poverty makes people more susceptible to disease, and people with illness are more likely to become poor. Furthermore, poverty is not the result of individuals laziness or lack of wisdom, but of the system.Ko believes that poverty is often inherited. In the 1970s, Taiwanese people were full of confidence, believing that hard work will create opportunities. However, in 2016 people often spoke about meager monthly wage of 22k. The reason why the Sunflower Movement took place was because young people realize that there is no sense of accomplishment in Taiwanese society today. It has nothing to do with ones intelligence or effort, but more to do with ones father. He noted that the gap between the top 5-percent and bottom 5-percent of the society is 100 times, and there is no sign of the gap narrowing.According to the mayor, the key to dealing with poverty is to dismantle the inheritance of being rich/poor. If the system continues to exist, it will make local society unhealthy. In the worst-case scenario, the system will lead to a revolution and unsettle the society. He believes that pity and alms is not good for poor people. Hopelessness will lead to revolt. Being kind to the poor is a way of protecting oneself, since to do otherwise will make the society unsafe.
On August 23, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the evening banquet at city hall to welcome the representatives from Shanghai and guests attending the 2016 Twin City Forum. During his address, the mayor noted that cross-strait exchange is a positive thing. He knows that Shanghai mayor representative Sha Hailin stopped by Taipei City Hospital earlier in the day. He pointed out that medical care is one of the strengths of Taiwan  especially the National Health Insurance system. Ko remarked that under the leadership of the hospitals superintendent Huang Sheng-jean, the hospital places much emphasis on domicile care, palliative care at home, and community medical resources for patients. He believes Taipeis experiences in these fields will serve as valuable references for mainland China.Sha said that he is honored to represent Shanghai Mayor Yang Xiong at the Twin City Forum. He recalled that this is his twelfth trip to Taiwan, and unlike previous visits the purpose of this trip is to strengthen bilateral exchange between the two cities.According to Sha, he attended a Sports Day event with students from both sides of the Strait earlier at a local middle school. He is impressed by the vitality demonstrated by the young people. He is interested in what the young people are thinking and what he can do for these students future. He believes that both sides of the Strait and the two cities should share a common vision and leave the young people with hope and beauty. This is a major reason why Shanghai City Government insists on taking part in the exchange in Taipei.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press conference for the 2016 Animal-friendly Spaces Promotion Project on August 23.During his speech at the press conference, Ko noted that in order for Taipei to become an animal-friendly city, pet owners must contribute to the effort in addition to policy-planning on the part of the public sector. The mayor explained that the city government has plans to promote sticker labels identifying animal-friendly spaces. In other words, if a restaurant, coffee shop, convenience store, or taxi allows pets, the city government will provide the specific venue a label to advertise it as an animal-friendly space. However, he reminded pet owners that they have to implement measures safeguarding animal welfare, such as vaccines, chip implants, and keep under leash when walking the dog. It is also important that pet owners to clean up their pets feces and not to leave them behind. He recalled many borough chiefs complaining to him about the difficulties of animal feces removal at local parks.He hopes that the city will be able to identify over 100 locations as animal-friendly spaces, promising the continued and gradual implementation of the policy.Regarding media question about the current policy on animal-friendly spaces seem to target primarily dogs, Ko replied that the animals are limited to dogs and cats. He joked that currently pet owners are still not allowed to bring their pet crocodile or pet boar to dine at the restaurant.  
With raising public awareness on the construction of eco ponds for the purpose of firefly conservation, the city government held the Come and Walk on Mud activity at the planned site for the small eco pool at Daan Forest Park in the afternoon of August 22. Mayor Ko Wen-je noted that the parks, in addition to being places of leisure for the public, are also ideal spots to conduct environmental education, given the rich selection of plant and animal life in this classroom of nature. While enjoying the fruits of years of conservation efforts, the public can also learn about how the firefly habitat was created from scratch. Public Works Commissioner Pong Cheng-sheng noted that fireflies were reintroduced to the Daan Forest Park in April, thanks to the coordinated effort between the agency and the Friends of Daan Forest Park Foundation. To further boost the firefly population in the park, the agency is working on the construction of small eco ponds to further expand the insects habitat.He invited adults to come and relive the experience of waddling through mud, while young kids can experience a different kind of amusement which is different from video games and mobile phones. This will also invite citizen participation in firefly repopulation effort, building a park which befits the expectations of the public.The outstanding results of local firefly conservation efforts have helped Taipei secure the hosting rights of the 2017 International Firefly Festival. The successful repopulation efforts implemented at Daan, Cui Lake, and Rongxing Garden parks will provide key knowhow to firefly experts and city representatives from around the world. 
The meeting for the Executive Committee of Asia Pacific ICT Alliance Awards (APICTA) took place in Taipei City on August 19 and 20. To welcome the members of APICTA Executive Committee, the city government organized a dinner banquet on August 19.During his address at the banquet, Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong noted that the Internet of Things (IoT) is one of the hottest topics today, as well as an important foundation for building a smart city. APICTA is an important international competition platform in the field of information technology, serving as a medium for member economies for conducting exchanges and collaboration. He is proud of Taiwan for taking up the responsibility of hosting the 2016 APICTA Awards and has high expectations for the upcoming event.Lin added that with the continuous introduction of smart solutions by the ICT industry, nations around the world regard the building of smart cities as important elements in measuring the citys competitiveness, investing heavily in the planning and implementation of related projects. He pointed out that smart cities is an important aspect of IoT, and the regions where APICTA member economies are located will see growing demands for IoT services and smart technologies in the future. He believes that a win-win scenario could be reached for all sides through this exchange.APICTA Chairman Dileepa de Silva pointed out that Taiwan has made significant contributions each year and acquired impressive results since it joined the organization. Having this opportunity to visit Taiwan, the members of the committee are impressed with local ICT facilities and services. He looks forward to the APICTA Awards taking place in Taipei this December.The member economies of APICTA include Chinese Taipei, Australia, Brunei, China, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Macau, Malaysia, Myanmar, Pakistan, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Vietnam, Bangladesh, Nepal, and Japan. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a fair in front of city hall celebrating the 365-day Countdown to 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei on August 20.During his address, the mayor noted that the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei will take place exactly in one years time. The event is not only Taipeis Universiade, but also Taiwans Universiade. He expressed his gratitude to the central government for providing assistance and to nearby municipalities for their help.In addition to Taipei City, the venues and events of the games will take place in New Taipei City, Taoyuan City, Hsinchu County, and Hsinchu City.After watching the performances by the volunteers, the mayor remarked that the success of the upcoming games not only depends on the effort of the public sector, but also upon the contributions of people from all walks of life. He is confident in the 80,000 employees of city government and the potentials of the private sector. If he were to describe it in one phrase, it would be: Let the world see a better Taiwan, and resurrect the peoples inspirations during the process.The mayor presented representatives of the volunteer groups with EasyCards and visited the stalls of pool billiard, archery, and weight-lifting.The 2017 Universiade 365-day Countdown Fair comprises parade by volunteers, stage performances by various groups, and a series of hands-on activities offering citizens a taste of different sports.
The round and cute spokes-cat for MRT Culture Promotion Campaign Majimeow has created its den on the MRT! The refurbished trains will travel the Songshan Line starting Friday, August 19.To offer family travelers, pregnant women, and passengers with baby carriages a comfortable environment on MRT trains, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) established the family-friendly area between carriages 3 and 4 on all 27 trains running on the Songshan Line starting December12, 2015.The introduction of the family-friendly areas on trains running on the Songshan Line has received positive feedback from the public. In addition to Cute Animal Train, Vegetable Train, and Eye-protection Animal Train, TRTC welcomes Majimeow to join the rank of themed trains serving the public this year.The company chose one of the trains to create the Majimeow Family Carriages. The themed area of Elder and Younger Majimeows on the Move, located on the third carriage, can be identified by its blue-and-yellow colors.The fourth carriage is Majimeow Loves Picnic theme area features a sky-blue colored backdrop with the mascot figures promoting picnic as a leisure activity for the entire family. TRTC reminds the public that trains with family-friendly areas can be identified by the pink-colored labels stating family-friendly zones on the floor of the platform and on the platform gate. 
The fall season Companion Animal Behavior Education and Care-giving classes organized by Taipei City Cats and Dogs School in 2016 will take place starting September. A total of 11 sessions will be held, inviting vets and experts including veterinary surgeon Hsu Chan-cheng of National Veterinary Hospital, cat behavior specialist and veterinary surgeon Shane Lin, and training officers to serve as instructors for the classes. Animal Protection Office pointed out that the classes offer knowledge on issues such as how to prevent the barking of pet dogs from affecting neighbors  there were even cases where police were called.Students will also learn about how to recognize the body language of dogs to better comprehend their feelings. Lessons on cats will also teach owners about the behaviors of these felines, allowing them to know more about how to accompany their furry friends.Additional materials will cover pet-related caregiving, common diseases, emergency care, and meal management.The classes will be held at 11 community colleges. Those interested in signing up for the classes can contact the respective community colleges for more information. 
In light of the upcoming 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei, EVA Airway and China Airline announced on August 17 their sponsorship for the games. Attending the signing ceremony, Mayor Ko Wen-je expressed his gratitude to the two airline companies. He also called out to businesses and enterprises to join the rank of sponsors and play a role in making this major international sports event a success.During his speech, the mayor reported that roughly 12,000 athletes from over 150 nations will attend the sports event next year in Taipei. Since the majority of the participants will be flying to Taipei, he thanked the two international carriers for their sponsorship, offering participants discounts on air fare and baggage transport. He is confident that the companies will provide the best service and facilities, leaving a positive impression upon participating athletes from around the world.Ko stressed that there is roughly a years time before the Universiade. Taipei City Government will do its best in preparations to ensure the success of the event.The 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei will be held from August 19 through 30 next year.
The 2016 Judo and Taekwondo Training Results Tournament for Police Officers kicked-off on July 21.In addition to inviting Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji and Chinese Taipei Judo Federation Chairman Lu Wei-chen to the opening ceremony, 2017 Universiade mascot Bravo  wearing Judo outfit  also showed up at the event to cheer for the contestants. During his address, Teng expressed his gratitude to the police officers for solving important crimes including the explosion at Songshan Railway Station and the recent First Commercial Bank ATM cyberheist within a short period of time. He also attributed the success to their regular trainings.Before the beginning of the tournament, a group of police officers staged a performance featuring aerobics workout mixed with taekwondo moves along with the music of Korean pop group Big Bang.The Judo performance followed, spotlighting moves such as overarm throw and scenarios of police officers overcoming criminals with martial arts moves. 
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that the Taipei Zoo underground parking lot is ready for business starting today!The zoo parking lot offers 150 parking spaces for cars and 200 parking spaces for motorcycles.The parking rates are as follows:Weekdays: (6 AM  10 PM) NT$20 per hour (10 PM  6 AM) NT$10 per hour Weekends and Holidays: (6 AM  10 PM) NT$60 per hour (10 PM  6 AM) NT$10 per hour The monthly pass for the Taipei Zoo underground parking will also be available starting August 25. The limited-hours monthly parking pass for vehicles costs NT$800, allowing owners to park their car from 6 AM to 9 PM Mondays through Fridays. Standard fees will be charged for hours outside the aforementioned. Monthly parking pass for motorcycles costs NT$300 and is valid for all hours. The passes can be purchased from the management office at B1.For more information, please call the 24-hour hotline of TRTC (TEL:02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline. Details are also available on the Chinese website of TRTC (www.metro.taipei). 
A delegation comprising students from Taipeis high schools and vocational schools began their first day of study at the Tomball campus of Lone Star College in Houston, Texas on August 1. The 15 members of the delegation comprise students from Nangang Vocational High School, Daan Vocational High School, Songshan High School of Agriculture and Industry, Muzha Vocational High School, Kainan Vocational High School, and Datong Vocational High School. To welcome the students, the college organized a banquet attended by the schools principal Lee Ann Nutt, Chief Chou Hui-yi from the Education Division of Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Houston, Tomballs Mayor Gretchen Fagan, and President of Greater Tomball Area Chamber of Commerce Bruce Hillegeist.  During the event, Mayor Fagan declared August 1 as the citys Taiwan Taipei City International Students Day. Chief Secretary of Education Department Liao Wen-ching, who also served as the head of the student delegation, expressed her gratitude to the mayor and the representatives of the host families for offering this valuable opportunity for the students to enhance their knowhow in the specialized field.The members of the delegation will participate in a two-week-long study program lasting from July 31 to August 15. The students will attend classes on aerospace engineering, aircraft repair and maintenance, and NASA.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the Taipei CooC Cloud press conference at Zhonglun High School on August 15.During his speech, the mayor expressed his gratitude to the Ministry of Education and teachers. Their support ensured that this project can be realized, making it an important step forward for Taiwans education.Citing the 3,000-plus videos in the database, Ko stressed that the materials are the results of teachers sacrificing their own time. He admitted that he wasnt able to reward these teachers for their effort. However, their contributions ensure that the education materials on CooC Cloud are available for students in Taipei and the rest of the island  even expat schools abroad.The mayor noted that CooC Cloud is also a realization of his political vision. When the common wisdom is all men are created equal, it is an ideal that has yet to be realized in human society. Given the reality of the world, politics should do its best to leave the disadvantaged a chance for climbing upwards. He believes that these should be the equality of medical care and education.According to Ko, CooC Cloud takes advantage of Taipeis resources to create a series of films covering materials from 24 subjects spanning elementary school through high school. By placing them online, everyone will have access to these materials, thereby realizing a limited form of equal opportunity in education. 
The Department of Transportation announced that the new YouBike Station located at the intersection of Zhishan Road and Linxi Road will open to the public on August 16.With the addition of this new bicycle rental station, Taipei City now boasts a total of 255 YouBike stations served by a fleet of 8,353 rental bicycles.The new station is equipped with 19 parking poles (38 parking spaces).The new Zhishan Linxi Rental Station is located near Soochow University, providing university students and local residents an additional option for commuting. Given the close location of the rental stop to MRT Shilin Station, the new YouBike Station will strengthen short distance travel for both locals and visitors traveling in the Shilin area.For more information on YouBike rental stations, please call the 1999 Citizens Hotline or YouBike Service Center (TEL: 02-8978-5511). Details are also available on the Chinese website of DOT (www.dot.taipei.gov.tw) and YouBike (www.youbike.com.tw). 
Is there a place in Taipei where visitors can enjoy scenes spanning a millennium within a day? The Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) pointed out that Zhishan Park fulfills these criteria.According to PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan, Zhishan Park is located at the intersection of Yusheng Street and Zhicheng Road in Shilin District. The 10-hetare park comprises a small hill with an elevation of 52 meters. Inside the park, there are archaeological excavation pits, stone tablets, old temples, historical trails and other historical attractions, as well as geographical landmarks such as weathering window rock formation, onion rock, sun rock, elephant stone, and more. There are also ancient trees including a 250-year old large-leave nanmu tree and a 300-year-old camphor tree.Chief Lin from the agencys Yangmingshan Park Management Division noted that the Zhishanyen Prehistorical Site is on the list of National Historical Sites. Due to its fragile sandstone layers and the presence of valuable shell fossils within the parks parameters, PSLO has installed elevated walkways within the park to minimize direct contact between visitors and surface plants/rock layers. Zhishan ParkAddress: No. 182, Section 1, Zhicheng Road, Shilin DistrictDriving Directions: Exit Freeway 1 via Taipei Interchange, head down Chongqing N. Road and reaching Zhongzheng Road after crossing Bailing Bridge. Continue down Yusheng Street until you reach the park after crossing Yusheng Bridge.Public Transportation: (1)	Bus: Take routes 206, 267 (sub), 645, and 645 (sub) to Zhishan Park bus stop.(2)	MRT: Disembark at MRT Zhishan Station and travel along Waishuangxi levee to reach the park. Another option is to disembark at MRT Shilin Station and walk toward the direction of Zhongzheng Road and Yusheng Street.
On August 11, the Spokesperson for Taipei City Government Sydney Lin made the following comments following the release of Control Yuans investigation report on the Taipei Dome Project. The Control Yuans report stated that Farglory has the unavoidable responsibility for actions such as modifying plans during the construction process, which raised concerns over the issue of public safety. Lin noted that while the city government is involved in the BOT contract, it is also the supervising authority and has to take responsibility to ensure compliance with the Building Act and other related regulations. He explained that the Citys hopes to convince Farglory Groupto comply with both regulations and contract terms through its order on suspending the construction of Taipei Dome after discovering the violation last May.The spokesperson pointed out that Mayor Ko Wen-je sees the Control Yuans 39 censure cases related to the Taipei Dome Project as very important. However, Farglory has been reluctant to make the necessary improvements. The city government places an emphasis on the safety of construction sites. As the responsibility of maintaining construction site safety falls upon the shoulders of Farglory, the city government calls on the company to carry out constructions necessary for the strengthening and maintenance of work site safety.Regarding the Clean Government Committee, the spokesperson pointed out that the institution is an advisory agency of city hall. All reports by the committee serve as reference materials for policy implementation. The organizations powers and scope comply with regulations.  
This fall, the Multicultural Information Center of Taipei Public Library will be collaborating with Chinese Culture University to organize a class to help foreigners improve their skills in pronouncing Chinese and reading Chinese text.The upcoming program targets new immigrants and expats with basic Chinese language skills, providing them knowledge on accurate Chinese pronunciation, expanding their repertoire of Chinese characters, and improving their reading skills.Over the years, TPL has provided free Chinese lessons, seeking to strengthen exchange among people from different ethnic backgrounds. The course has received positive feedback from foreign nationals, attracting students hailing from Indonesia, Vietnam, Philippines, Korea, Japan, US, and even Swaziland. In addition to learning Chinese, the Multicultural Information Center also holds a collection of books from 8 other nations in Asia, as well as a selection of periodicals in the aforementioned languages. Students are also encouraged to explore the institutes sizable collection of reading materials from other countries. The Chinese language pronunciation and language classes will last from September 21 through December 7, with classes every Wednesday night from 6:30 PM to 8:30 PM.Those interested can visit the registration website (https://goo.gl/7RXYLh). For more details, please call TPL (TEL: 02-2755-2823, ext. 2900) or visit its website. 
The Organizing Committee of 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei held a press conference to announce the upcoming test games starting September, in preparation for the main international event next year.Chairman of the committee Su Li-chiung noted that the ongoing Olympic Games have reignited the public interest in sports events. The determination, skills, and sportsmanship displayed by the athletes attract the attention of spectators.According to Su, the enjoyment from watching the sports event in person is much more satisfying than watching the televised competition in the living room. The good news for local sports fans is that the City will be holding a series of test events for the different sports categories of the Universiade starting in August.Furthermore, to provide citizens with in-depth information on the competitions, the official website of the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei will feature a new Bravos Sports Class video collection. The clips will go through some of the basic rules and regulations of the different sports events, allowing spectators planning to attend the test events to acquire more knowledge beforehand.Bravo also appeared at the press conference to perform his personal dance. He also collected his salary  berries, leaves, and fresh bamboo sprouts donated by Wenshan Farmers Association  from Chairman Su.  
To encourage residents to exercise and visit the great outdoors, the Beitou District Office (BTDO) will be organizing a hiking trip on Saturday, September 3. The agency invites the public to attend and enjoy the fresh air of the mountains.The hike route will take participants to Taipei National University of the Arts, passing by numerous local specialty restaurants and outdoor landmarks along the way. The total distance is roughly 3 kilometers.Those interested in taking part in the hike can either sign up beforehand with BTDO or register on site on the day of the event. Participants will meet up at Municipal Taoyuan Junior High School for the trip.City agencies such as City Revenue Office, Health Centers, Beitou Police Precinct, Household Registration Office, Fire Department, and city colleges will also set up booth at the meeting point to promote policy information.For details on the hiking event, please call BTDOs Civil Affairs Division (TEL: 2891-2105, ext. 218). 
The city government organized the 2016 Employee Family Day Event on August 5.During the press conference earlier in the day, Mayor Ko Wen-je noted that there is a kindergarten located on the second floor of city hall. The institution has roughly 99 kids enrolled, between the ages of 3 to 6. To lessen the pressure on staff from childcare responsibilities, the city government also devised plans to establish a new childcare center which offers daycare services for children between the age of 0 and 2.According to the Department of Personnel, a total of 829 families signed up for the Family Day event this year. The mayor noted that throughout his career, he focuses a lot of attention on work and regrets for spending too few time with his family. To offer city employees more benefits, the city government is planning to establish a daycare center for young kids from newborn up to the age of 2.He believes that the issue is important  even if it means that the funding has to come from the second budget reserve. The childcare center will be open on the second floor of city hall before the end of this year.The mayor remarked that an important objective of Family Day is to allow parents to bring their kids to work, showing them what their dad and mom do as a job. He recalled that his wife often asks him what he does at work. Therefore, it should be easier to see for themselves than to listen to descriptions.
The 2016 Taipei Riverside Music Festival took place at the Dadaocheng wharf in the evening on August 6. The participants enjoyed a lively show featuring rock and electronic music, as well as 10 minutes of beautiful fireworks. To create a friendly riverside environment for residents, the city government and its agencies organized a series of events taking place at the riverside park, such as a series of summer and aquatic-event themed activities organized by the Department of Sports and the Public Transportation Office. Organized by the Department of Information and Tourism, the Riverside Music Festival highlights weekly live music concerts each weekend, as well as marketplace and hands-on canoeing and rafting activities.The Lovers Day at Dadaocheng of the Riverside Music Festival also commemorates the upcoming Chinese Valentines Day. This year, the organizers invited celebrities such as Matthew Lien, the rock group Chairman, and Bobby Chen to perform at the event. In addition, the organizers also gave away 1,000 LED message in a bottle light sticks to participants, lighting up the massive crowd as they cheered for the performers. The firework took place alongside the music from classical movies, oldies, pop music, and Taiwanese folksongs. 
The Department of Transportation announced the opening of a new YouBike Rental Station near MRT Guandu Station on August 7.With the addition of the new rental station, the number of YouBike Rental Station in Taipei City has reached 254 stations, served by a fleet of 8,320 rental bicycles.The new station located along the Tamsui Line enhances the last-mile commute for residents living in the vicinity of MRT Guandu Station. It also facilitates travel for visitors from the station to tourist attractions such as Guandu Nature and Guandu Temple.There will be a total of 30 parking poles (30 parking positions).For more information on YouBike stations, please call the 1999 Citizens Hotline or the YouBike customer service center (TEL: 02-89785511). Details are also available on the Chinese websites of DOT (www.dot.taipei.gov.tw) and YouBike (www.youbike.com.tw). 
The highlight of the 2016 Taipei Riverside Music Festival Lovers Day at Dadaocheng will take place at the Yanping Riverside Park (Dadaocheng Wharf) between 3 PM and 9 PM on Saturday, August 6.In light of a possible large turnout, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation will adjust train frequency accordingly and set up transfer shuttle service (Route 136) between the event venue and MRT Shuanglian Station.Route 136 will run between 3 PM and 10 PM on the event date. The stop is located next to Exit 2 of MRT Shuanglian Station. Services are available every 4 to 10 minutes, and the cost is a single zone fare. With the venues close proximity to MRT Beimen Station, MRT Shuanglian Station, and MRT Daqiaotou Station, direction boards have been set up at the respective stations to guide revelers to the event ground.TRTC reminds the public that passengers planning to attend the music festival should follow the instructions of station personnel and pay attention to their own (and childrens) safety. They are also reminded to ensure that there are sufficient funds in their EasyCard or iPass to avoid having to line up at the vending machine.For more information, please call the TRTC service hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345), 1999 Citizens Hotline, or visit the Chinese website of TRTC (http://www.metro.taipei/).
The Taipei Astronomical Museum (TAM) will be holding a special star-viewing session for the general public in the night of Chinese Valentines Day (Tuesday, August 9) between 7 PM and 9 PM at the Observation Deck on fourth floor of the building.The organizers will also hold three sessions (7:30 PM, 8 PM, and 8:30 PM) to provide visitors with some of the basics on stargazing, helping them identify the main characters of Chinese Valentines Day among the stars  the weaver girl (Vega) and cowherd (Altair). Two telescopes will also be set up in the area to allow the public to get a closer look at the constellations.The activity is completely free of charge and requires no preregistration. In addition, TAM reminded the public that the Perseid Meteor Shower will also be taking place in the night of August 11 and 12. Experts noted that this years meteor shower will be quite dramatic, with approximately 150 meteors streaming across the night sky during peak hours. The best time for viewing will be between 10 PM up to right before dawn (also depending on the strength of moonlight).For more information on these upcoming stargazing events, please visit the Chinese website of TAM (http://tamweb.tam.gov.tw/v3/tw/content.asp?mtype=c1&idx=1100).
The Foreign and Disabled Labor Office (FDLO) has teamed up with Taipei City Hospital and Tzu Chi International Medical Association to offer medical consultation and health checkup for foreign workers on August 14!The event will take place from 1 PM to 4:30 PM on Sunday, August 14 at the open area between West 1 Gate and North 3 Gate of Taipei Railway Station.Visitors will be able to access checkups in the following areas: ophthalmology, dermatology, dentistry, general medicine, obstetrics and gynecology, orthopedics, and Chinese medicine.Furthermore, to assist workers who dont know Chinese, there will be bilingual staff to help with interpretations in Indonesian, Tagalog, Vietnamese, and Thai.There will also be fliers in the respective languages to educate foreign workers on health-related issues spanning from typhoon aftermath cleanup to Dengue Fever prevention tips.For more information, please visit the Chinese page of FDLO (http://www.fd.gov.taipei) or call the agencys hotline (TEL: 02-2559-8518, ext. 5212). 
Through the collaboration between Futai Borough Office and local residents, the empty plot located at the intersection of Songxin Road and Lane 122 of Hulin Street has been transformed into a garden base for the local community.According to Parks and Street Lights Office Director Huang Li-yuan, the purpose of promoting the Garden City policy is to provide vegetable gardens on the rooftop of public buildings, school campuses, and empty public-owned lots for the public to enjoy raising crops. He expressed his gratitude to the residents of Futai Borough for infusing the empty property with vitality and colors, promising that the agency will continue to implement the policy and inviting communities and organizations to join the effort to make the city environment more appealing and beautiful.Borough Chief Chen Kuo-hua remarked that Futai Park is conveniently located next to the Taipei Childrens Welfare Center in a relatively peaceful and quiet environment. Through an operation method based on public involvement, the residents of the borough take part in running the park. Residents also invited Instructor Pai Yi-hsin from Xinyi Community College to share knowhow on raising vegetables and improving soil quality with the community. A local resident and project participant surnamed Chen noted that having access to a plot of land to raise vegetables and share his experience with his peers, as well as relaxing after a long day of work.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the ribbon-cutting ceremony for the Taipei City Zhongzheng District Diversified Care Center on August 2.Zhongzheng District used to be one of the administrative districts of Taipei where the city government did not set up care centers due to the expensive real estate prices. The mayor noted that the final pieces of the puzzle has been acquired today, accomplishing the milestone of one care center for each district.According to Ko, there are two principles for setting up care centers: community-ness and diversity. He believes that care for senior citizens should become more diversified  healthy elders should have space to exercise and move about, while those suffering from Alzheimers disease or other complications will require specialized care  or even care at home. Therefore, the daycare center is a base for homecare.The mayor noted that the purpose of his visit is to learn about the administering of respite care. One of the special traits of Zhongzheng District Diversified Care Center is the home care service for disabled elders in the community, as well as temporary residence service for elders whose family members need to leave home for a short period.Stressing that the goal of the city government is setting up 30 senior daycare centers, Ko pointed out that the plan will continue to move forward after establishing 17 facilities.
With more and more people utilizing local riverside parks for recreational activities, the Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) completed the installation of new riverside landscape restrooms at 10 riverside parks in mid-July.These landscape restrooms can be found at the following riverside parks: Meiti, Chengmei, Caihong, Shezidao, Yanping, Machangting, and Daonan.HEO remarked that the budget of NT$28 million was invested in setting up a total of 9 mens restrooms, 13 unisex restrooms, and 18 unisex restrooms with barrier-free access. Among all of the newly installed restroom facilities, four landscape restrooms are available for public access, including the ones located in Yanping Riverside Park (next to Dadaocheng Wharf and another beside Yanping Temple), Daonan Riverside Park (next to Hengguang Bridge), and Chengmei Left Bank Riverside Park (Xikou Wharf). The remaining six restrooms will open to the public in August.According to HEO, these new restrooms boast colorful surface decors on the outside. The interior of these facilities are made from stainless steel, with enough room to allow occupants to bring in bicycles. Each unisex restroom is equipped with LED light tubes with sensors for better lighting, as well as toilet seats, squat toilet, and urinals. 
To promote the archery competition of the upcoming 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei, the Department of Government Ethics (DGE) will be holding the Feeling Taipei Exhibition at the Bopiliao Historical District between December 3 and 18.Highlighting the aspects of Taipei as an orderly city, DGE seeks to create a place which allows visitors and participating exhibitors to realize their visions, as well as sharing their dreams with each other.The organizers welcome members of the public to sign up and take part in the exhibition. As long as the theme of their planned showcase (stationary or performance) matches those of the exhibition, anyone can apply regardless of age or group size.The exhibition will also feature a popularity contest. The top three ranking showcases for both the stationary exhibition and performance category will receive awards of up to NT$20,000 in cash prizes and NT$12,000 in vouchers.The deadline for applications is September 30. For more information, please visit the Chinese website of DGE or the activity fan page on Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/feelingtaipei/). 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the Fun Taipei: Welcome Party event to welcome the first group of travel agents and media professionals from Thailand arriving in Taiwan under the new visa-waiver program on August 1.In light of the new visa-waiver program for tourists from Thailand traveling to Taiwan effective August 1, the city government invited Thai travel agents, media, celebrities, and bloggers to visit Taipei as the first group to take advantage of the visa-waiver program. They will embark on a 4-day, 3-night visit on the island.At the press conference, Mayor Ko welcomed the members of the group. He appeared on stage with the goodwill ambassador of the group Saowalak Jaisiritanya and performed the well-known song The Moon Represents My Heart in a duet of Chinese and Thai to promote Taipei tourism.  The mayor noted that Thailand is a major tourist attraction in Asia. However, he noted that Taiwan  especially Taipei  will become an important Asian tourist attraction as well. Taipei City Government listed the 10 ASEAN nations as important sources of tourists for the City. Information and Tourism Commissioner Chien Yu-yen led city staff to take part in tourism expos in Southeast Asia and invited top Thailand rock group Slot Machine to conduct a 1-day visit in Taipei.Chien also headed a delegation comprising city officials and members from the Taipei Association of Travel Agents to the Executive Yuan to discuss the possibilities of relaxing visa requirements for ASEAN nations with the central government to attract more tourists. 
In an effort to improve the traffic situations of Neihu District, the city government introduced the Neihu Green Transportation Pilot Project on August 1. Mayor Ko Wen-je took this opportunity to take the MRT from MRT Dongmen Station to MRT Xihu Station and tried out the free transit bus for Neihu Technology Park.After trying out the Early Bird fare discount (up to 60% off the regular price) for the MRT, the mayor remarked while he felt no changes in terms of speed compared to the days he took the MRT to work, he did notice the fare total when he swiped his EasyCard  it only costed him NT$12 to travel from MRT Dongmen Station to MRT Xihu Station!The mayor recalled that one of the reasons behind the pilot project is to make MRT fares more attractive than riding a motorcycle to work for commuters. He hopes that the incentive will encourage more people to take the mass transit system.When asked by the media whether he noticed an increase in the number of riders, Ko admitted that it is not so obvious on the first day, as habits cannot be changed within a few days. The results should emerge after a period of time. He also pointed out that the difference should be noticeable when school resumes after summer vacations.When taking the transit bus, one of the reporters asked the mayor whether the discount for the bus is attractive enough. Ko replied that transit bus is free of charge even when regular fare resumes, the price is only NT$8. This combined with the NT$12 fare for MRT means that travel to Neihu Technology Park takes only NT$20 from MRT Dongmen Station, making it really competitive. 
The Public Works Department (PWD) will overhaul the Xinyi 415 Park to create the first Garden City Park of Taipei. The parks completion date is slated for the end of 2016.Situated in the vicinity of Taipei Medical University, the Xinyi 415 Park has remained an open green space with basic adornments over the years. Due to its location near schools, commercial circles, and the local district office, PWD attempts to provide more meaning to this green space from the perspectives of sustainable environment, social connection, and agricultural issues, following the guidelines of Garden City.According to Director Huang Li-yuan of the Parks and Street Lights Office, the Xinyi 415 Park combines the concepts of Garden City, Edible Landscaping, and Green Lifestyle to become a second generation park.To incorporate the expectations and views of local residents, the City organized two public input sessions in March. From these sessions, the participants expressed their in merging the advantages for obtaining great views of Taipei 101 with the needs of day-to-day life. In response, the parks design places the main focus on sight viewing while incorporating the concept of gardening.The entire park is covered by permeable paving with an installed rainwater harvesting system. This layout is expected to provide 14 tons of water after treatment which can be used for watering the vanilla garden.
Daan District Office (DADO) will be organizing a tour of the former Air Force Command Headquarters in the afternoon on Saturday, July 30.When people talk about military zones, they often think of heavily guarded establishments that are off-limits to most citizens. However, with the relocation of the Air Force Command Headquarters and the site handed over to the Executive Yuan, the public will now have a chance to visit this mysterious site.The site was the Industrial Research Institute of the Governor-general of Taiwan, which was founded in 1939. Following Taiwans retrocession, it became the industrial research institution for the new government. In 1950, it became the home to the Air Force Command Headquarter and played an important role in various military confrontations above the Taiwan Strait.  Many buildings on the site have their respective historical values, witnessing changes across era, from Japanese colonial rule, Cold War, to the democracy of today. The Operations and Intelligence Center used to be a meeting place for Air Force Commander and his advisors. The various gates, bunkers, and sentry stations across the campus all reflect the military design of the respective eras. After the relocation of the HQ, the Executive Yuan decided in 2015 to preserve the entire site and dedicate the base to the development of innovation and creative industries.DADO Director Su Su-chen noted that this event seeks to bring the public inside the grounds of the once forbidden military camp, allowing people to learn more about the history of the military history through the site.The 2016 Walk-and-read Daan Cultural Festival  Historical Site Coffee Shop Old Air Force Command HQ will take place starting 3 PM on the day of the event. Address of the former Air Force Command HQ: No. 55, Section 3, Renai Road, Daan District.
Marking the Global Tiger Day on July 29, Taipei Zoo places the spotlight on the sole surviving Felidae of Taiwan  the leopard cat. The Union Bank of Taiwan also took the opportunity to announce its support for this endangered species through the zoos adoption program.The financial institution will donate NT$200,000 to the zoo for supporting the leopard cat denizen Jibao. It invited both celebrity Shao Ting-tan and Taipei Zoo Director Jason Chin to serve as one-day wildlife conservation ambassador to help raise awareness for the endangered feline.Researchers noted that since the confirmation of Formosan clouded leopards extinction, the leopard cat became the only endemic Felidae animal in Taiwan. Seeking to step up conservation efforts, Taipei Zoo joined hands with the Endemic Species Research Institute of the Executive Yuans Council of Agriculture to implement Conservation and Research Program for Leopard Cats, successfully inducing the birth of 2 young leopard cats in 2013.One of the kittens, Jibao, is currently residing at Taipei Zoo for display and research purpose. According to caretakers, the leopard cat is usually active around dusk and evening hours. However, due to their cautious nature, even Jibaos caretakers have a hard time getting close to the furry animal. For example, to measure the leopard cats weight, they have to lure Jibao onto an electronic scale with bait and take the measurements via remote monitors.According to Taipei Zoo, leopard cats are often mistaken as housecats. The population out in the wilds is less than 500. These animals are threatened by many factors  one of them being road kill. The zoo hopes that Jibao will play a role in raising awareness on protecting the forest ecosystem, calling on the public to stop the use of animal traps, avoid deserting pets, refrain from keeping wildlife at homes, and drive slowly in the night. All these will help leopard cat conservation. 
Migrant workers play important roles in many fields, from traditional industries to homecare services. However, these foreign nationals often encounter challenges with adjustments in areas such as language, living habits, culture, religion, and work. To encourage the establishment of positive labor-employer relationship, the Foreign and Disabled Labor Office (FDLO) will be accepting submissions for the 2016 Outstanding Migrant Worker and Employer from today until September 10.The winners of the award will receive a trophy and cash prize of NT$3,500. The honors will be presented during a public ceremony.FDLO Director Chen Hui-chi pointed out that that award is aimed at encouraging local employers to treat their foreign workers kindly, thereby strengthening labor relationship.Requirements for candidates are as follows: Migrant workers who have arrived in Taiwan before January 1, 2016. He or she must be working legally in Taipei City and without any records on violating the law, as well as outstanding achievements. Application submitted by the employer, human resource agencies, organizations, or friends on recommendation basis is also accepted. Application for outstanding employers can be submitted by human resource agencies, industry association, migrant works, organizations, or representative offices in Taiwan.For more details on application and the award, please visit the Chinese website of FDLO or call the agency (02-25598518). Please mail the completed application package to the following address: 6F, No.21, Sec. 1, Dihua Street, Datong District, Taipei City. The package should be addressed to Taipei City Outstanding Migrant Worker and Outstanding Employer Competition.
With encroaching heat waves around the corner, it is time for some watery fun! The city government and Sewer Systems Office (SSO) will be holding the Dihua Kids Fun Party at the Affiliated Sports Park of Dihua Sewage Treatment Plant between July 30 and August 14.During this period, visitors are admitted for free between 9 AM and 6 PM Mondays through Fridays. Adults and parents are welcomed to bring their kids to experience the watery fun inside the sports park.SSO Director Chen pointed out that in addition to the large water slide and paddle boats, the facility also comprises three large-scale swimming pools and multiple inflatable bouncers, as well as games such as basketball challenge and baseball tic-tac-toe. The Sports Park is the above-ground structure of the Dihua Sewage Treatment Plant. The facility includes green spaces, as well as areas such as kids zone, basketball court, tennis court, and skating rink.How to get to Dihua Plant Affiliated Sports Park (Address: No. 200, sec. 4, Yanping N. Road, Dihua District):1.	Bus: Routes 2, 9, 206, 215, 255, 669, 811, or R33 to Sewage Treatment Plant. It is a 3-minute walk to the plant.2.	MRT: Leave from Exit 2 of MRT Yuanshan Station ad take 215, 9, or 811 to Sewage Treatment Plant. Visitors can also leave from the aforementioned exit and walk for 15 minutes along Yanping N. Road. There are also YouBike renatl stations near the sports park.3.	Car: The plant is located near the intersection of Yanping N. Road sec. 4 and Jiuquan Street. There is a 24-hour parking lot inside the Sports Park and free motorcycle parking spaces.
The ban on bottled water, melamine utensils, and disposable utensils will be implemented for elementary schools, middle schools, high schools, and vocational schools of Taipei City starting August 1. According to Deputy Mayor Chen Chin-jun, the policy was first implemented at city hall on April 1 this year. The results over the past three months have shown a gradual decline of paper containers. In June, the reduction rate of paper containers has reached 82-percent. Likewise, the rate for plastic containers has also achieved 81-percent.Chen remarked that according to the city governments assessment, the ban on disposable utensils and containers for schools is likely to help reduce the use of paper containers by 12.9 million units in a year  equivalent to the height of 890 Taipei 101 buildings. The restriction to the use of bottled water will also cut the amount of PET bottles by 1.4 million each year, which is close to the height of 660 Taipei 101 buildings.Department of Education Chief Secretary Liao Wen-ching noted that local schools will promote the concept of bringing your own lunchbox. The agency will also offer subsidies for school restaurants to purchase reusable utensils and install sinks and washing facilities. To minimize the impact of banning bottled water, schools will also strengthen the placement of water fountains. Environmental Protection Deputy Commissioner Lu Shih-chang pointed out that the ban hopes to encourage the development of new living habits, with school and the public sector taking the lead. He hopes that the policy will contribute to reducing carbon emission, trash reduction, and making the lives of the public more safe and healthy.
To facilitate commuting for people working at Neihu Technology Park, the Department of Transportation announced that it will introduce the City Hall  Neihu Technology Park shared taxi program starting July 29.The shared taxi route will be operated by Taiwan Taxi Corporation, offering the public an alternative method for commuting.According to the Public Transportation Office (PTO), the shared taxi scheme has been approved on May 31. Details of the service will be as follows:I. Boarding at Shared Taxi Station: MRT Taipei City Hall Station (Zhongxiao E. Road side of Exit 3) and MRT Gangqian Station. II. Fare-share: A. 2 passengers: NT$125 per passengerB. 3 passengers: NT$90 per passengerC. 4 passengers: NT$75 per passengerD. 5 or more passengers (cabs with third row seats): NT$70 per passengerIII. Hours:A. To Neihu Technology Park: 7  9 AM, Mon.  Fri.B. To City Hall: 5  7 PM, Mon.  Fri.IV. DetailsA. To Neihu: MRT Taipei City Hall Station to Neihu Technology Park (MRT Gangqian Station.)B. To City Hall: Neihu Technology Park (MRT Ganqian Station) to MRT Taipei City Hall Station. PTO noted that the shared taxi scheme will help expand the market for taxies, as well as increasing the utilization rate of transportation resources and reducing carbon emission. For more information on services, please call Taiwan Taxi (5568) or PTO (02-2759-2677). 
The members of the 2016 Taipei Youth Folk Sports Group arrived in Houston on a trip to learn more about citizen participation and democracy on July 22.Led by Deputy Commissioner of Education Tseng Sang-jin, the 40-member delegation visited the city government and city council of Houston. Local city government officials and city council members took turns sharing their work with the visiting students. City Councilor Steve Le pointed out that the core belief of Houstons city administration is THE people is THE City, emphasizing the running of an administration, as well as constructions and monitoring, using public opinions as a foundation.Tseng pointed out that the city arranged the visit, hoping to provide teachers and students specialized in sports and folk arts with an international outlook and to enhance their awareness on the issue of citizens rights.Houston is one of Taipeis 19 sister cities around the world. The two sides inked the sister city agreement in 1961, both being the others first sister city. Over 55 years, the two municipalities have conducted exchanges in education and culture on the basis of equality and friendship.  
The Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) reported that the riverside parks have entered the season of blooming summer flowers! The agency planted nearly 10,000 units of flower and tree seedlings on both ends of the Rainbow Bridge, and now these plants have decorated the landscape in a myriad of colors. According to HEO, the landscaping include the use of flowers such as willow leaf angelons in purple, wishbone flowers in pink, and coleus in red with yellow lining. The blooming fields on the riverbank will surely provide passersby with a scene of summer beauty.Upon entering Chengmei Riverside Park from floodgate No. 4, visitors will notice the LOVE public artwork and the I-Love-You sign on the other side. There is also Next Stop: Happiness sign next to the river for people to take selfies with. It is also conveniently located near the Raohe Street Night Market, which offers great snacks for those who want to grab a quick bite.The period of flower bloom is expected to last until the end of August. Why not take this opportunity and spend half-a-day coming down to the riverside park?
The Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) reminds tourists traveling to Tokyo not to miss out on the Good METRO  Metro Present Campaign organized in partnership with Tokyo Metro.Tourists can use their smart phones or other devices to visit the Chinese Facebook fan page of Tokyo Metro and either click on the Like or download the Tokyo Subway Navigation for Tousists app. After following these steps, they can proceed to Tokyo Metros Ginza Station to collect a souvenir by showing station staff his or her passport and the Facebook page with like or downloaded app. A total of 2000 souvenirs will be given away. The campaign will last until August 31.Japanese tourists visiting Taipei City can stop by MRT Zhongshan Station to take a selfie with the standing cardboard cutout of Bravo, the bear mascot for the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei. After uploading the picture to his or her Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, or Line and tagging the photo with #Metro, he or she can receive a small souvenir after showing the photo to personnel at the information booth.Bravo appeared at the MRT Zhongshan Station to personally visit his cardboard cutout. The mascots round and cute appearance quickly attracted the attention of passengers walking by.For more information, please check the following websites:Tokyo Metro Facebook fanpage: https://www.facebook.com/tokyotrip.tokyometro.tcn TRTC Chinese website: http://www.metro.taipei/ TRTC 24-hour customer hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345)
The Department of Transportation (DOT) announced the opening of a new YouBike Station at Muxin Road Section 2 Lane 158 on July 22.The new rental station is located in close proximity to residential areas, as well as Wenshan District Office and MRT Muzha Station. It offers local residents convenient transportation means for travel within the Muzha area and transfer to the Wenhu Line.The rental station is equipped with 15 parking poles (30 parking positions).With the inauguration of the new YouBike Station at Muxin Road, the total number of YouBike rental stations in Taipei City has reached 251, served by a fleet of 8,221 public rental bicycles.For more information on YouBike stations, please call the 1999 Citizens Hotline or the YouBike customer service center (TEL: 02-89785511). Details are also available on the Chinese websites of DOT (www.dot.taipei.gov.tw) and YouBike (www.youbike.com.tw). 
On July 22, City Spokesperson Sidney Lin announced that Mayor Ko Wen-je has chosen Liu Yi-ting for the role of Deputy Spokesperson of city hall.Liu served at Taipei City Government Secretariats Media Affairs Division before taking on his new role.Lin noted that following the resignation of former deputy spokesperson Huang, the mayor consulted with a number of candidates, seeking to find the right candidate to focus on improving media relations.Liu will help the spokesperson in handling public announcements, concentrating on issues by respective city agencies requiring city-level announcements. On the other hand, Lin will continue to speak on behalf of city government on issues related with major policies. According to the spokesperson, Lius stint at the Media Affairs Division played a role in establishing smooth communication channels with the mayor and commissioners of city agencies. He believes that Lius expertise will be effective in clarifying city policies to the public. 
Hosted by the Market Administration Office (MAO), the 2016 Taipei Night Market Festival kicked off on July 16. The festival features a series of activities promoting night market treats. The promotion event will take place at Guangzhou Street Night Market on Friday (July 22) and at Yansan Night Market on Saturday (July 23). For this weekend, the organizers will offer prizes such as NT$500 night market shopping vouchers for the first 50 people in line and souvenir exchange for visitors who successfully collect all the stamps on a night market snack stamp card. Each night market in Taipei possesses individual charms and appeal. Located near Longshan Temple, Guangzhou Street Night Market carries the essence of old Bangka area, offering visitors a rich selection of merchandise spanning food, groceries, to fun games.Yanshan Night Market, also known as Daqiaotou Night Market in the earlier periods, is conveniently located next to Taipei Bridge. The close proximity to MRT Daqiaotou Station and large selection of delicious snacks attract numerous local and international visitors throughout the year. For more details on activities: http://2016nightmarket.market.taipei (Chinese)Chinese FB fan page: https://www.facebook.com/taipeinightmarket/  
The Che Zhi Theatre will be staging the play Sea at the Taipei Hakka Cultural Park from August 19 to 21.Sea is based on the first place winner in the script category of the 17th Taipei Literature Festival. The story highlights the complicated relations between the consciousness of a traditional family and the individual consciousness of each member from a Hakka Family. The production also invited multimedia talents to handle different aspects of the work, including Golden Melody Awards winner and visual designer Blaire Ko, lighting designer Chiang Chi-yang, and stage designer Ron Chang.According to director Chen Hsin-ling, the play attempts to pick up moments from the familys daily life to recreate the portrait of the family, similar to the concept portrayed in Salvador Dalis The Persistence of Memory where time (people) and space (relations) become faded, contorted, and merged. The real world and the imaginary counterpart interact throughout the play to contrast concepts such as living and life, silence and indifference.There will be four shows in total  7:30 PM on August 19 2:30 PM on August 20 7:30 PM on August 20 and 2:30 PM on August 21.Tickets are available through the NTCH Ticketing System. Early bird deals of 15-percent discount will be available through July 30. For more information, please visit the following Chinese website: http://goo.gl/n2EUZ6 
At the invitation of city councilor Ho Chih-wei, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended that press conference for the Junior Chamber International (JCI) Taipeis Global Dream Fulfillment Project for Kids from Disadvantaged Families on July 18.The participants of the current project include 9 kids from elementary schools in Shezi, Guandu, and Luzhou. He commended the young students and encouraged them to take in what they see during the upcoming trip. He hopes the trip will broaden their horizon and help Taipei to become more internationalized.Ko also expressed his gratitude to JCI Taipei for helping to make the trip a reality. He noted that the organization has over 60 years of history. With the majority of members being 40 or younger, the organization is filled with energy. With help from JCI Taipei, these outstanding yet comparatively economically disadvantaged families will be able to travel abroad and visit other nations. He described it as an act in support of social welfare.The mayor remarked that he constantly emphasizes the importance of bringing Taiwan to the world and the world to come and visit Taiwan, thereby raising Taiwans international profile. This is why he refrained from cutting expenditures on international conferences and study trips, realizing the importance on how such occasions will help staff members acquire international views and new perspectives. After looking through the schedule, the mayor pointed out that the young students will need to walk for 10 kilometers each day during the 3-day trip, as well as taking part in activities such as carrying mikoshi. He encourages the kids to interact with over 300 peers from around the world during the trip and not to forget that they represent Taiwan.  
During the City Executive Meeting on July 19, Mayor Ko Wen-je presented awards to the police officers who played a key role in arresting the suspects of the recent cyberheist targeting the ATM machines of First Commercial Bank.Speaking at the meeting, the mayor praised the members from the Citys Police Department for playing an important role in hampering the activities of the international syndicate which has conducted similar operations in other countries. Ko expressed his gratitude to the off-duty officer who played a key role in identifying one of the suspects. He admitted that it is difficult for most people to remain alert when away on vacation with ones family, praising the officer for being on the lookout and staying proactive.According to the mayor, while statistics show that the number of major violent crimes in Taipei is dropping, there appears to be some movement in the area of cybercrime. He instructed Police Commissioner Chiu Feng-kuang to train young police officers from the start to prepare against organized crimes employing advanced technologies.Having invited teams from IT departments of major universities to explore ways of enhancing the role of Taipeis CCTV surveillance camera system, Ko stressed that Taipei has stepped up its defense capabilities against cybercrime and white-collar crimes over the past year. 
With summer vacation in full swing, parents are wondering where they can take their kids for some fun while offering them an opportunity for education. The Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) invites the entire family to sign up for its Wetland FUN Learning activity starting July 23.HEO pointed out that Shezidao boasts a rich wetland ecosystem, including three artificial wetlands at Sheliu, Daotou, and Shezidao. The inhabitants of these wetlands include fiddler crabs, mudskippers, and egrets. The activities of the Wetland FUN Learning program include tours led by guides, introducing participants to the natural denizens of Shezidao wetlands. Other events include wildlife observation, plant material DIY lessons, showing of documentaries on wetland ecosystem, and games. Those successfully completing the program can bring home a souvenir.For those who cannot attend the event during the given time slots, HEO offers three customized sessions each month. Any visiting parties of 20 people or more can pre-register with the agency and arrange for the tour during desired time slots.To register online, please visit the events Chinese page (https://goo.gl/jllbWg). You can also call HEO (TEL:02-2725-8184) or Vision Union Company (TEL:02-2581-1365) to sign up for the activity.  
Following two days of heated actions, the champions of the 2016 Cathay NBA Youth Madness basketball tournament has been decided after teams from northern, central, and southern Taiwan competed in the finals at Taipei 101 Fountain Plaza on July 15 and 16.The first place winner of the boys division is Team Xiao Tao Qi and the champion team of the girls division is Xiao Lia Kou. The winners will fly to the US to attend an NBA game.This years contest is co-organized by the Department of Sports and NBA. At the invitation of the organizers, basketball celebrity Andre Roberson from the Oklahoma City Thunder served as the events guest of honor and coached young basketball players during a training session at Daan District Sports Center.In addition, Roberson also took time to attend the shooting of a promotional clip for the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei. The promotional film will be aired in August.During his 5-day trip to Taiwan, Roberson visited major attractions such as the National Palace Museum, Taipei 101, Longshan Temple, and CKS Memorial Hall. He also took a ride on the Maokong Gondola, observing the beauty of Taipei from a high vantage point.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a special showing for the documentary film winner of the Golden Horse Award The Chinese Mayor in the evening on July 15. The mayor noted that he was quite shocked by the film, noting that there are other ways to approach the issue of urban regeneration. In a democratized country like Taiwan, it is quite unthinkable to dismantle 100,000 housing units and relocate 500,000 people at once.The documentary is directed by Zhou Hao, the first Chinese director in history to claim two best documentary awards at the Golden Horse Award for two consecutive years. Recounting the story of Datong Mayor Geng Yanbos effort in resurrecting the old glory of his city through an aggressive and massive urban renovation campaign over 5 years, the film recorded the impact the project has upon 10,000 households, 500,000 residents, and a debt topping USD 3 billion.During the interview with the press after the show, Ko remarked that if people were to watch more films like this, Taiwans public will be even more afraid of Mainland China.When asked by a reporter whether he believes that Gengs approach is to achieve the advancement of his city, Ko pointed out that there are other ways to improve a city. In the case of Taipei, we approach the issue of dismantling buildings through many rounds of negotiations first. He stressed again that it is impossible to use such approach under Taiwans political environment today. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the ground-breaking ceremony for the new building housing the Wanhua Police Station and the Fire Departments Longshan Fire Station on July 16.During his address, the mayor noted that the city should take this construction opportunity to build the best facility possible. In the future, he hopes to include goals such as modernization and maximize convenience for the public. He believes that in addition to incorporating devices such as solar panels, there can be more carbon-emission reducing and energy conservation design integrated into the blueprint, helping the project acquire the Green Building Label.Ko pointed out that the location is close to tourist attractions such as Bangka Park, Longshan Temple, and Huaxi Street Night Market  places which attract both domestic and foreign tourists. He explained that this is the reason why he emphasizes the modernization and convenience considerations of the buildings design.At the end of his speech, the mayor expressed his gratitude to the city councilors attending the event. He also hopes that the architect firm and company in charge of the construction project can create a landmark public facility for Wanhua District. 
The Department of Sports collaborated with Cathay NBA Youth Madness to organize a basketball training camp at the Daan District Sports Center in the morning of July 14. The organizers invited Andre Roberson from NBAs Oklahoma City Thunder, as well as Chang Chih-feng and Shih Yen-tsung from SBLs Taipei Dacin Tigers, to serve as head coach and assistant coaches for the trainees. The participants of the camp include members from the basketball teams of Shipai Junior High School and Yongji Junior High School, as well as youths from the Taipei Student Counseling Centers North District Center.The NBA celebrity shared his knowledge on dribbling, passing, and basket-shooting with event participants. He noted that despite being a player in the worlds top basketball league, he still conducts daily training, stressing the importance of basic basketball skills.During the Q&A session, Roberson took up the challenge and played against several young players, demonstrating techniques such as blocks and dunks. The finals for the 2016 Cathay NBA Youth Madness 3-on-3 Basketball Tournament will take place at the Taipei 101 Fountain Plaza on July 15 and 16. Top teams from northern, central, and southern Taiwan will compete for the top honors. Those taking part in hands-on activities at the site have a chance to bring home limited version NBA souvenirs. 
How would you like to enjoy sliding on water for free?Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) invites you to bring your entire family to enjoy the one-story-high waterslide facility located next to the Dancing Fly at the Taipei Childrens Amusement Park for free between July 14 and 18!During this period, any individual with two uniform invoices from any of the shops within the park (note: excluding the parking lot, Childrens Theatre, and Kawaii Candyland) will be eligible for free admission to the waterslide facility. Bring the two uniform invoices to the temporary service desk to exchange for an admission pass, which is only available in limited quantities.In anticipation of large turnouts, TRTC announced that access to the waterslide facility on each day (between 10 AM and 6 PM) will be divided into 15 25-minute segments. Each segment will accommodate up to 30 individuals. The facility will be temporarily closed between noon and 1 PM.Furthermore, the waterslide facility is open to visitors of all ages. Each admission pass is only valid for one person. Kids under 90 cm and physically-challenged individuals need to be accompanied at all times. The companion will need his or her own admission pass as well.To conserve water, all water used at the waterslide area will be collected and used as cleaning water for restrooms inside the park. The facility pool will be cleaned at the end of the day and its water replaced.In addition, TCAP will open from 9 AM until 8 PM during summer vacation (July 1  August 28). The park is also open on Mondays during this period, offering free admission to visitors on that day.For more information, please call TRTCs 24-hour service hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline. Details are also available at the Chinese website of TCAP (http://www.tcap.taipei/) or TRTC (http://www.metro.taipei/).  
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a forum on security-building measures for communities on July 12. The mayor began his address by recalling anecdotes from his own life. He praised the borough chief Wen Mei-chu for providing assistance to his mother-in-law and deceased father-in-law, who continue to remain at the old home after he moved to his current house. This simple occasion shows the roles played by borough chiefs in the overall development of communities. In many aspects, these people are the frontline of city hall. He added that plans such as improvement plans for boroughs and neighborhoods would not succeed without the involvement of borough chiefs. They are the 70-percent factor in projects such as group dining for elders and Garden City. At the end of his address, he expressed his gratitude to the borough chiefs for helping Taipei to become a better city.During the forum, the mayor praised Daan District for its outstanding performance in the evaluations, noting that luck may account for one performance, but is inadequate to explain the same success repeated five times or more. He offered to provide more assistance to help them become benchmark boroughs and replicating its strategies for other boroughs. Recalling his recent visit to Singapore, Ko remarked that while there are still many things Taipei need to do before it can catch up with the city state, he believes that one area which Taipei exceeds its counterpart is community management.On the issue of building a community safety net, the mayor proposed integrating seven existing systems. As for how borough chiefs can become involved in special individual cases, he pointed out that plans are in the drafting stage as they involve questions related to information privacy.Regarding the issue of security cameras, Ko believes that there is enough equipment installed across the municipality. With 14,000 devices, criminals committing major offenses can be identified and arrested within several hours from the incident.  
The City Administration Summer Camp for middle school, high school, and vocational school students kicked-off on July 11. Led by Deputy Mayor Chen Chin-jun, the first group began their journey at the Taipei City Vocational Development Institute (VDI).During his address to participants before the trip, Chen reminded the young students that the purpose of the visit is not only to let the students know how the city government operates, but also educate them on the necessity of acquiring diverse skills to compliment the knowledge taught at schools for a competitive edge in the future.The first stop of the visit was the information technology section, providing the students hands-on experience with devices such as optical fiber cables. Many were surprised that the cables comprising hair-like fiber lines enable the transmission of data over distance.At the vehicle repair section, the deputy mayor himself challenged on-site experts with the repair of dents on the vehicles steel surface. At the bakery training area, the students gathered around the practice table to listen to the briefing provided by the trainer. They were amazed after having a chance to taste the freshly baked sweets.At the end of the trip, the trainers at VDI answered questions from the young visitors about the institute, such as the relationship between labor shortage and course requirement, and how to register for classes at the institution. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the swearing-in ceremony for the new commissioners of finance, transportation, and rapid transitsystems before the City Executive Meeting on July 12.During his address, the mayor expressed his gratitude to the three new commissioners for accepting the responsibilities during difficult times.The mayor remarked that the new Transportation Commissioner Chang Jer-yang has worked many years at city hall and is very familiar with Taipeis traffic. Ko hopes that under Changs leadership, the agency will implement strategies on the principles of digitization, green energy, and sharing platform. With clear objectives, he hopes that the plan for implementation will be logical, such as ensuring a convenient transportation network before discussing the issue of motorcycle use.The new Commissioner of Finance Chen Chih-ming was the former deputy commissioner of his department. In addition to working several years at city hall, Chen also served positions at the central government. Ko expressed confidence in Chens capabilities, but he advised the agency to place greater emphasis on the Citys comprehensive financial planning, such as finding a balance between ideal and reality for land tax and property tax.The new head of the Department of Rapid Transit Systems (DORTS) Chang Tzer-hsiung also has years of experience working at city hall and expertise in rapid transit systems constructions. With the results of arbitration for the MeHAS project announced earlier, Ko expressed his aspirations for a new era for DORTS under the leadership of a new leader. He described the quality of construction projects handled by the agency as the best in Asia and called upon the staff to continue building upon past foundations.As for the incoming Commissioner of Sports, the mayor noted that the inauguration ceremony will be postponed until next week due to delays in administrative process. 
Wrapping up his trip to Singapore, Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport in the evening of July 11.During the press conference at the airport, the mayor noted that his most important gain from the trip is to let the world notice Taiwan, as well as using this opportunity to conduct bilateral exchange with Taipeis sister cities and promote the upcoming 2017 Summer Univesiade in Taipei.Ko remarked that the purpose of his visit was to take part in the World Cities Summit organized by Singapores government. In the interest of boosting Taiwans international profile, he also gave several speeches during his visit.With attendance spanning 110 mayors and heads of cities and municipalities around the world, Ko took the opportunity to meet the leaders of Taipeis sister, partner, and friendship cities, including Daegu (South Korea), George Town (Malaysia), Panama City (Panama), and Yokohama (Japan). The mayor stressed that he presented both an invitation and a Universiade gift set to each of the mayors from sister cities he met with, welcoming them to attend the Universiade in Taipei next year.
Following his speech at the Mayors Forum, Mayor Ko Wen-je met with Daegu Metropolitan City Mayor Kwon Young-jin of South Korea on July 10. The mayor of Taipei is in Singapore to attend the World Cities Summit 2016.Ko noted that Daegu City was the host for the Summer Universiade in 2013. Taipei, on the other hand, is the host for the upcoming event in 2017. The mayor hopes to invite Mayor Kwon to the opening ceremony for the Summer Universiade in Taipei. The two also talked about Daegus Chicken and Beer Festival, which will also see the performance by an orchestra from Taipei. The mayor of Taipei also presented his Korean counterpart with the city key and a Universiade gift set.Kwon remarked that he is happy to see that Taipei will host the Universiade in 2017. Receiving the invitation from Mayor Ko, Kwon said he will do his best to visit Taipei next year. He also took the opportunity to invite Ko to the upcoming World Water Cities Forum as part of the Korean International Water Week in Daegu.During the press event after the meeting, the media asked Mayor Ko whether he discussed the Universiade with Mayor Kwon. He replied yes, and recalled that Kwon spoke enthusiastically about the upcoming Chicken and Beer Festival in Daegu in July during their conversation.   
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the event commemorating Eid al-Fitr at Taipei Grand Mosque on July 6.During his speech, the mayor greeted the audience and wished them a happy Eid al-Fitr. He remarked that Taiwan is considered one of the most Muslim-friendly nations in the world, noting that Taipei prides itself for being a diverse and multicultural city. He hopes that Muslim friends can enjoy their stay in Taipei City. If they encounter any problems, they should contact the city government and see what can be done.To celebrate the end of Ramadan, the Taipei Grand Mosque organized the Eid al-Fitr celebration on July 6 and invited the mayor to attend and address the crowd. Ko pointed out that with so many Muslim friends from around the world, Taipei City Government will do its best to ensure smooth day-to-day life for these individuals.Responding to media questions regarding the emphasis of Muslims in city policies, the mayor remarked that there is a Muslim prayer area inside city hall  a facility which is still rare among local government agencies. Furthermore, the promotion campaigns drafted by the Department of Information and Tourism target three groups primarily: Japan and South Korea, ASEAN nations, and Muslim countries. There are more and more restaurants in Taipei obtaining Halal certification as well.
Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji presided over the flag presentation ceremony to the staff participating in the disaster relief effort for Taitung County in the morning of July 10.During his address, the deputy mayor expressed his gratitude to the heads and staff of the Fire Department, Public Works Department, and Environmental Protection Department for their involvement in creating the task force.Taipei City Government received the official request for assistance from the Fire Department of Taitung County on July 9. It was able to mobilize 3 cranes, 56 trucks, 58 sets of chainsaws, and 103 staff members within two hours of the notice. Teng conveyed the message from Mayor Ko Wen-je to the members of the team: Do their best to complete the disaster relief mission, but do not forget to look after their own safety.During the interview following the flag presentation ceremony, Teng remarked that Mayor Ko instructed the City to provide all necessary support and assistance to Taitung County. The mayor spoke with Magistrate Huang over the phone yesterday and mobilized the disaster relief team after their conversation. 
 Source: Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation   To ensure the safety of metro systems and passengers during the typhoon season, Taipei Metro will set up its Disaster and Rescue Center alongside the Taipei City Government's Primary Disaster and Rescue Center, to draw up typhoon response measures based on its Standard Operation Procedure and Handbook on Preparation and Rescue for Typhoon and Flood. Metro services on some sections will be adjusted as follows, if affected by the typhoon: 1. Line 2 [Tamsui-Xinyi], Line 3 [Songshan-Xindian], Line 4 [Zhonghe-Xinlu] and Line 5 [Bannan]:   When wind gusts reach Force 11 or average wind speed reaches Force 10 over a 10-minute period at the metro's elevated and surface sections, Taipei Metro will report it to Taipei City's Disaster and Rescue Center and suspend train operation for those sections. Trains traveling on these sections will then stop at metro stations and passengers will be evacuated. The operation mode of underground sections, if not affected by the typhoon, will be adjusted depending on the number of passengers. 2. Line 1 [Wenhu]:   When wind gusts reach Force 10 or average wind speed reaches Force 6 over a 10-minute period, Taipei Metro will report it to Taipei City's Disaster and Rescue Center and suspend train operation. Maokong Gondola service will be temporarily suspended during land warnings for typhoon (if area of warning includes Taipei), depending on actual weather conditions or whether school/work has been canceled by the Taipei City Government. Taipei Childrens Amusement Park service will be temporarily suspended during land warnings for typhoon (if area of warning includes Taipei), depending on actual weather conditions or whether school/work has been canceled by the Taipei City Government. Passengers who wish to inquire about metro and gondola operation information should call the Taipei Metro 24-hour Customer Service: 886-2-21812345, or 1999 Citizen Call Center (for callers outside of Taipei City, please dial 886-2-2720-8889) for details. To prepare for heavy rainfall brought by typhoons, Taipei Metro conducted inspection on all of its flood control equipment, including flood gates, pumps, etc., in all depots, stations, surface sections, parking lots and underground malls, as well as facilities at Maokong Gondola, Taipei Childrens Amusement Park and Taipei Arena, to ensure that all equipment are in order. When school/work has been called off by the Taipei City Government, services at Beitou Resort, Metro Souvenir Shop, Lost and Found Center, and Taipei Arena's Ice Land will also be suspended. As for whether the performance at Taipei Arenas Main Hall should be suspended or not, it is the performance organizers call and will be announced publicly.  
In light of Typhoon Nepartaks possible landing, vehicles will be banned from entering the riverside parking areas for Zhongshan, Songshan, Shilin, Wanhau, and Datong districts. Starting at 7 AM on July 7, all vehicles are prohibited from entering the water gates, thereby restricting access to the riverbank parking areas in the aforementioned districts. Norestrictionsfor cars leaving.In addition, the Department of Transportation has announced the following adjustments to city bus services:1. BR 20 will not stop at the Meiti Wharf bus stop during this period. The bus will take the temporary detour: Lequn Second Road  Jingye Third Road  MRT Jiannan Road Station.2. R33 will not stop at the Yanping Temple bus stop and Dadaocheng Dock bus stop. The bus will take the detour: Minsheng W. Road  Xining No. Road  Changan W. Road  Tacheng Street  Zhengzhou Road  Xining N. Road  Minsheng W. Road.3. G17 will turn around at MRT Beimen Station bus stop, taking the detour: Tacheng Street  Zhonghua Road. The service will skip the following stops: Yanping Temple, Dadaocheng Dock, TCUH Zhongxin Branch (Tacheng), Yuquan Li, Nanjing Xining Intersection, and Minsheng and Xining Intersection. 4. Regular services will resume following the lifting of access restrictions to flood gate parking areas. For more information on bus services adjustments, please visit the 5284 bus information website (5284.taipei.gov.tw)(Chinese) or the mobile version website (pda.5284.com.tw). Information is also available by calling the information hotline (0800-005284). DOT reminds the public to visit the agencys Chinese website (www.dot.gov.taipei) or call the 1999 Citizens Hotline for the latest traffic adjustments during the typhoon period. 
According to the latest updates on Typhoon Nepartak, the hurricane is growing stronger with every passing minute and is likely to affect the northern region of Taiwan. In light of possible heavy rainfall in Taipei City, the Department of Environmental Protection reported that the scheduled cleaning of ditches and gutters to strengthen flood season preparedness between January and May this year has yielded 46,840 tons of mud and debris.In preparation for Typhoon Nepartak, the district cleaning teams began strengthening typhoon prevention measures on July 4 to remove clogging of ditches and gutters, thereby reducing the chances for flooding.DEP also reminds the public to take necessary measures before the typhoon hits. Residents are encouraged to inspect drainage channels near their homes. In the event of clogged ditches or gutters, they can either notify DEP or clean out the blockage themselves.   As for information related to garbage or debris removal, DEP will notify the digital media and local borough chiefs through press releases. Information is also available by calling the 1999 Citizens Hotline or local district cleaning teams. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press conference for Say No to K campaign organized by the Taipei City Police Department (TCPD) on July 2.During the event, TCPD organized combat skill performances by members of the Criminal Investigation Division. Celebrity Show Luo also served as the campaigns spokesperson.The mayor himself took part in a Tic-tac-toe contest, testing his skills against the celebrity and members from the audience. During his address, Ko warned teens to avoid drug use. He recalled that during his stint at National Taiwan University Hospital, he often encountered drug-abuse patients whowere often tormented by various ailments.The mayor also took the opportunity to introduce the anti-drug logo, adding that businesses displaying this logo are ones which meet city standards, helping the public to identify healthy leisure and recreational establishments. At the end of his speech, the mayor remarked that TCPD has invested much effort in cracking down on drugs. In the future, drug prevention will concentrate on dealing with the sources of supplies. Drug addicts should be seen as patients and not criminals, emphasizing the work of health and social affairs departments to resolve drug abuse problems. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the Honorary City Dog medal award ceremony for retired canines from the Citys Search and Rescue Team on July 4.During his address, the mayor expressed his gratitude to city councilor Chen Li-hui for offering her suggestions on rescue dogs during a session at Taipei City Council and the members of the host family for adopting the retired canines.Starting next year, the Search and Rescue Team will have a new dormitory meeting international standards for the squads rescue dogs. The dogs play an important role in the rescue operation, providing citizens with added security by boosting the emergency rescue capability of the organization.The mayor noted that the city government has established a regulation on adoption of search and rescue dogs, as well as the age for their retirement. He is grateful that host families are willing to adopt these furry friends to ensure a happy life following retirement.Regarding questions from the media about his views on the recent dog abuse incident at the Ministry of National Defense, Ko replied that loving animals is a habit and a conduct for civilized society.
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the opening ceremony for the 2016 Taipei Childrens Arts Festival at Daan Forest Park in the evening of July 1. During his address, the mayor noted that in addition to inviting the public to come and watch the performances, one of this years highlights will be audience participation in the creation and acting during the events.Noting that the event has been held annually for the past 17 years, Ko remarked that many kids probably grew up attending the event every year. Citing the theme of 2016, Ko mentioned the old English saying of Youre limited by your imagination, meaning that the more imagination one has, the more he or she can do.With over 28 groups taking part in the performances, the festival will organize over 100 show sessions this year. Furthermore, he noted that art is not only for people to watch, buy it is also something for participation by the audience. He hopes that people will learn more about toleration and open attitude through participation.At the end of his speech, he expressed his hope that kids will be able to enjoy this years event taking place from July 1 through August 7. 
Following efforts from Taipei City Government, local city councilors, and borough chiefs, the former Veterans Printing Plant has been dismantled and transformed into a park for the neighborhood!According to Director Huang Li-yuan of the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO), the old building was a sea sand house structures with integrity problems due to the use of sea sand materials during the construction.Even though the sites land use purpose was converted to parks, the propertys ownership belongs to the Veterans Affairs Commission. The city government held several rounds of talk with the central government and was finally able to acquire the rights.After an inspection visit by Mayor Ko Wen-je in September of 2015, he instructed the agency to dismantle the building before June of 2016 and to replace it with a park. Huang reported that the task was accomplished on June 28.Chief Yu Yao-tang of Xiaode Borough recalled that due to the lack of parks in the old community, he and local residents worked on the initiative to transform the property into a park starting 20 years ago. The vacant building has not been maintained and threatened to become a blind spot for the security of the neighborhood. Even though the land use designation of the property was successfully changed in 2004, the removal of the building was postponed due to a lack of funding. He was glad to see a happy ending to the situation before his retirement.The new Wanhua 408 Park offers local residents a place to bring their children and to relax. PSLO will be in charge of the upkeep of park facilities and plants, hoping to create more enjoyable green spaces for the residents of Taipei.
Representatives of the Department of Information Technology (DOIT) won first place in the municipal agency division of the Executive Yuans 2015 performance evaluation. The award presentation ceremony was held at the National Communications Commission on June 28.Taipei City Government proactively promoted the deployment of 4G base stations at public-owned buildings and properties, in support of the Executive Yuans policy on strengthening wireless broadband basic infrastructure program. According to DOIT, the city government adheres to the central governments policy by enforcing Taipeis 4G network infrastructure and Internet coverage area. The implementation of these directives seeks to improve the quality of 4G signals within the city and provide users with high speed and stable Internet connection.Currently, the coverage of 4G network in Taipei has reached 96.6-percent. Population coverage rate has also achieved 98.1-percent. As for 4G application services, the city government is working with telecommunication companies in line with Industrial Development Bureaus 4G Smart Broadband Application City Subsidy Program to begin the deployment of a 4G communication application trial site for projects such as smart commercial districts, creative industry tourism, smart universal access, 4G smart buses, smart bus stops, and other types of smart applications. A rise in demand will encourage the industry to upgrade, thereby increasing Taipeis competitiveness in the area of smart city.The second place and third place winners are respectively Kinmen County Government and Yilan County Government.
Passengers will now have more choices regarding the stored-value card they can use at the store-value ticket vending machines and fare gates inside MRT stations!Starting July 1, all the aforementioned facilities across 117 MRT stations will accept both EasyCard and iPASS. Following compatibility tests conducted in June, a total of 1,337 fare gates and 464 store-value ticket vending machines have been confirmed to work with the new IC card.Furthermore, all sensors at the fare gates will now use the IC CARD logo instead of the former logo to inform passengers about the new choices of stored-value cards for paying fares. With the renewal of the electronic stored-value card service contract for the MRT system, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation announced that the metro system will take EasyCard and iPass starting July 1, as well as icash and happycash in the foreseeable future.For more information, please call the TRTC 24-hour hotline (TEL:02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline.
Arriving at the TWR Theater in Neihu, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a demonstration highlighting some of the possibilities of Taiwans domestic 3D technologies used in post-production. The mayor noted that six years ago Taipei City Government provided NT$1.4 million in grants. Today, the company comprising over 200 workers boasts annual income reaching NT$300 million. TWR has demonstrated a successful business model, and Ko is pleased that government grants enabled the growth of small companies. He plans to look further into applying the successful example to other industries, hoping the approach will help improve Taiwans economy.Recalling his visit to San Francisco in March, Ko admitted that he has been contemplating on the direction which local industries should take. He believes that Taiwans advantage includes being the most free and open-minded place in the Chinese world. Therefore, the best place within the Chinese world to integrate the hardware and software would be Taipei. He stressed that Taiwan should put more thought into industrial development, and should avoid having its profit being too dependent upon industrial mass production and should move away from manufacturing and towards information and communication technology which is more focused on software and contents. Asked by the media whether the grant policy is worth it, the mayor noted that last year over 100 small and medium enterprises took advantage of the NT$1 million grant. He admits that it is unrealistic to expect all of them to be successful, but the government will still conduct attempts in the direction offering the highest possibility of success.
With the opening of HSR Nangang Station on July 1, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) will adjust the schedule of the last train leaving from MRT Nangang Station to better serve passengers.The new schedule will change the boarding time for the last train departing from MRT Nangang Station for MRT Dingpu Station to 00:12 AM. The current schedule for the last train in the direction of MRT Dingpu Station is 00:02 AM.The boarding time for the last train from MRT Nangang Station for MRT Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center Station remains unchanged (departs at 1:03 AM).According to the company, the schedule change effective July 1 is to accommodate passengers arriving on the last high-speed rail train at HSR Nangang Station at 11:59 PM, allowing them ample time for transfer to the MRT.Passengers can look up the time for last MRT train departures by using the Taipei Metro Go app for smart phones or by visiting the TRTC Chinese website: http://www.metro.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=78479324&CtNode=70090&mp=122035For more information, please call the 24-hour TRTC customer hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline.
Where can you take your kids to experience some of the outdoor magic taking place in the beautiful evenings of summer? The Neishuangxi Nature Center will be organizing 3 outdoor tour events for the entire family at the Neishuangxi Park in the month of July.According to the Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO), the Neishuangxi Nature Center is located in close proximity to the natural forest area of Daluntou Mountain, boasting abundant wildlife. The organizers welcome the public to come and experience the magic of woodland at night, enchanted by the songs of insects and frogs.Chief Chen Yen-cheng of GEOs Forest Recreation Division noted that insects are important members of a forest ecosystem, playing the role of cleaners in removing dead leaves and corpses. The Neishuangxi Nature Center invites parents and kids to learn more about these tiny workers of the natural world.The tours are slated for July 17 (Sunday), July 24 (Sunday), and July 30 (Saturday) between 2 PM and 8:30 PM. Each session can accommodate a maximum of 30 participants. Online Registration begins at 12:30 PM on June 29. For more information on signing up for the activity, please visit the Chinese blog site of the nature center (http://neishuangxi.blogspot.tw) or contact the organizers (TEL: 02-2841-4705, ext. 12 Ms. Hsieh email:nsx.service@eeft.org.tw). 
Mayor Ko Wen-je and city officials attended the Beitou Revitalization Outdoor Talks in the evening of June 25. The discussions focused on the city governments upcoming plans for development in Beitou District, including the creation of healthcare base, development of hot spring tourism, expansion of the Beitou-Shilin Technology Corridor, and more.During his address, the mayor pointed out that Taipei is identical to the whole of the island in terms of facing an aging society. Currently, residents aged 65 years or above account for 15-percent of the citys population. The number is expected to reach 20-percent by 2022. Ko noted that in terms of city planning, Beitou is unique in that the districts has both mountain and river  located in close proximity to both Yangmingshan and Tamsui River, as well as boasting a large area of forested land. The district is also known for its hot springs with a long history, making it an ideal place to live. The mayor said he had no plans to make Beitou into a red light or club district, but instead he believes the area has potential to become a place for LOHAS lifestyle focusing on happiness.Regarding local resources, the mayor cited facilities including the Hot Spring Museum and Guandu Temple, as well as the reconstruction of the XinBeitou Railway Station commencing in July with completion slated for Chinese New Year in 2017. He explained that the purpose of the outdoor talk event is to invite local residents to share what they have to say about these plans, thereby realizing the vision of open government. Following the address by the mayor, Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong and officials from the agencies of Health, Economic Development, Urban Development, Culture, Transportation, and Public Works conducted presentations to inform the audience on the city governments projects for the community. The plan includes projects from 2015 to 2018 and is expected to take approximately NT$5 billion in budget.  
Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong presided over the ground-breaking ceremony for the Bade Multi-story Parking Lot in the morning of June 23. The new facility is expected to become a new landmark in the vicinity of Raohe Street Night Market.Dignitaries attending the ceremony include city councilors, staff from both the Department of Transportation and the Department of Civil Affairs, Director of Songshan District, and local borough chiefs. According to the Parking Management and Development Office (PMDO), the new building comprises10 stories above ground and 1 basement floor. There will be a total of 311 parking spaces for vehicles and 387 parking spaces for motorcycles.The design of the buildings exterior mimics the waves on bodies of water, white its vibrant appearence outlined by orange-color shadingadds to thelively atmosphere of the surrounding commercial area.The local community center will take up the first floor of the building. In addition, there will be an observatory on the top floor of the building. A smart parking system will also be implemented to ensure the effective use of existing parking spaces.The project is designed and administered by EDS International Environmental Design Studio. Construction work will be handled by Guo-chi Construction Corporation. The completion date of the parking tower is slated for March, 2018.  
On June 23, Mayor Ko Wen-je joined officials from Uni-President group during a press conference announcing Uni-President Corporation as the first official premium sponsor of the event.The mayor expressed his gratitude on behalf of Taipei City Government and the Taipei Universiade Organizing Committee to the company for taking up the role and to the Ministry of Educations Sports Administration for its full support. He stressed that the Universiade is Taiwans Universiade, hoping that all citizens of Taiwan and enterprises would help to make it a success.Ko pointed out that the success of the Universiade has an effect on the nations honor. Therefore, it is important to attract the participation of citizens and domestic businesses. Through the sponsorship program, Uni-President will provide bottled water, beverages and other supplies for the competition. The mayor once again thanked the company for signing up to become a sponsor of the international event.Responding to media questions on whether Uni-President will be the sole sponsor of the games, the mayor replied that talks have been held with other enterprises Uni-President just happens to be the first one to hold the press conference.As for why supplies only and no fundraising, Ko remarked that due to promotional needs, the sponsors will back the event through supplies and goods as a priority: airline companies may offer plane tickets, clothing companies provide uniforms, and Uni-president contributing beverages, and so on. The issue of cash donation will be dealt with after that.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a dinner banquet organized by Chen An Cultural and Educational Foundation to celebrate its 33rd anniversary and annual meeting for the organizations charity commission members. During his address, the mayor remarked that he was here last year to present awards, and now hes back again. He pointed out that Chen An foundation has assisted the city government in many areas, including social welfare and education-related activities. He expressed his gratitude to the members for their contributionand called out to the audience to work together to make Taipei a better and happier place.The mayor cited the organizations numerous charity efforts, including scholarships, emergency funds for winter periods, charity breads, house visits, blood drives, and more. He believes that the effect of a single penny spent by the private sector has more effect than the same amount spent by the government. Thanking the foundation again, Ko lamented that the government cannot look after every kid with needs and is very grateful for the help provided by the foundation. However, the foundation cannot carry out its duty with anyone alone  it would need the help of many people.After his speech, the mayor handed out awards to over 80 recipients and joined the guests for dinner.  
A major pipe line under Taipei Water Department (TWD) was accidentally damaged by construction work for a project under New Taipei City Governments Department of Land Administration on June 21.To prevent massive water stoppage and minimize the scope of affected areas, TWD immediately adjusted water supply arrangement, using backup system to ensure continued tap water supply to residents through other pipelines.According to TWD, the damaged water pipeline is responsible for delivering water to over 70-percent of the households in greater Taipei Area. The temporary switch within the water supply network resulted in murky water being reported at some of the affected households. Currently, residents in Zhonghe District, Yonghe District, Sanchong District, Songshan District, Shilin District, and Beitou District have reported murky tap water. TWD is currently working on repairs, expected to be completed by 10 PM on June 23.For any questions on water supply, please call the 24-hour customer hotline of TWD (02-8733-5678) or visit the Chinese website of the agency (www.water.gov.taipei).  
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening ceremony for the 2016 Cool Summer River Adventure Festival in the morning of June 20. The event also saw the maiden voyage of new canoes crafted by students from Guandu Elementary School.During his address, Ko remarked that Taipei is a city surrounded by mountains and rivers. However, waterfront activities have often been overlooked in the past. He instructed the Department of Information and Tourism to figure out ways to bring residents closer to the riverside.He noted that the City will host a series of activities throughout the summer to bring the riverbank closer to the public, including the upcoming Jazz Music Festival, Dajia Riverside Park summer fun activities, and the Dadaocheng Music Festival in September.The mayor pointed out that Taiwan is a seafaring nation by nature. Guandu Elementary School is also the elementary school in the northern-most part of Tamsui River. Located next to the riverside, the geographical advantage is maximized by having students create canoes as part of their graduation project.Learning to make a canoe requires team effort, as well as related knowledge. The project gives students a chance to utilize their creativity in aspects such as education, sports, and culture. He encourages the school to expand on this tradition and make it a part of Taipeis culture.
In preparation for the upcoming 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei, the city government is conducting a series of test trials for each category of competition starting this August. One of the competition categories which will be tested is open water swimming. Following discussions with International Swimming Federation (FINA) and swimming competitions general manager, the 2017 Taipei Universiade test event for open water swimming will take place on August 28 at the Breeze Canal of New Taipei City.As FINA maintains a strict guideline on open water swimming venues covering aspects such as water temperature, water depth, and length of water lane, the Taipei Universiade Organizing Committee (TUOC) invited swimming competition general manager Hsiao Hsin-jung, Breeze Canal Venue general manager Yang Tsung-ming and representatives from related agencies of New Taipei City Government to conduct a comprehensive inspection.In addition to confirming aspects related to plans for swimming lanes and venue, the delegation also boarded rafts to inspect the water depth at the starting point and 100-meter location along each lane to see if it meets international requirements. Hsiao noted that Breeze Canal meets FINAs standards on water quality, water depth, and length of swimming lanes. Daily monitoring of water temperature will continue this year to ensure that this also meets related requirements.The Breeze Canal, one of the most important open water venues in northern Taiwan, often hosts aquatic sport events such as sailing, canoe-kayak, and dragon boat races. The 2015 New Taipei ASTC Triathlon Asian Championships, organized by the Chinese Taipei Triathlon Association with racing route certified by ASTC, was also held at the venue.  
The Department of Transportation (DOT) announced that a new YouBike rental station at Shezi Park will open to the public on June 20.With the addition of this new station, there will be a total of 244 rental stations across Taipei City served by a fleet of 7,990 rental YouBikes.The new bicycle rental station is located inside the mixed residential-commercial district in the vicinity of Shezheng Park. It offers a point of access for both residents and visitors traveling to and from MRT Yuanshan Station. The Shezi Park YouBike Rental Station includes 15 parking poles (30 parking spaces for YouBike).For more information, please call the YouBike customer service hotline (TEL:02-89785511) or the 1999 Citizen Hotline. Details are also available on the Chinese website of DOT (www.dot.taipei.gov.tw) or YouBike (www.youbike.com.tw). 
To commemorate the upcoming 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation introduced the Universiade BRAVO limited edition one-day pass. The card will be available starting June 20.The limited version pass features BRAVO, the bear mascot of the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei. The one-day pass is available at the information counter at all MRT stations. Each pass costs NT$150 and can be used to take limitless rides on the MRT within the day after card activation. The card is for one passenger only and cannot be used as a stored-value card.Two venues of the upcoming international competition  the Beitou Resort Basketball Court and Taipei Arena  are managed by TRTC. As a result, the one-day pass spotlights BRAVO playing basketball. The design of BRAVO takes after Formosan black bear, a symbol of power and courage.For more information, please call the 24-hour TRTC customer hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline. Details are also available at the Chinese website of TRTC (www.metro.taipei).  
On June 17, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the renowned Green Bamboo Shoot Tasting Session in Muzha to try out green bamboo cuisine with the public. The organizers also offer a selection of freshly-picked, quality green bamboo shoots for visitors to purchase.Earlier in the day, the winners of the 2016 Green Bamboo Shoot Production Technology Competition were also determined after the entrees were reviewed by panelists comprising green bamboo evaluation experts and officials from the Executive Yuan Council of Agricultures Taoyuan District Agricultural Research and Extension Station. The top honor went to bamboo shoot grower Chou Liang-quan.Department of Economic Development Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh noted that the agency assisted the Muzha District Farmers Association in organizing the competition, allowing growers to exchange experience and knowledge to help enhance related knowhow and quality of green bamboo shoots.Muzha area is Taipeis largest green bamboo shoot producing area, comprising over 400 hectares of land. The sandy soil, high temperature, and high humidity characteristics of the local terrain makes Muzha an ideal place for raising bamboo shoots. The annual tasting session of green bamboo shoots has always been a highly-anticipated local event for the district since 1989. The openings for tasting session tend to fill up rapidly after registration opens on May 1 each year. The event attracts over 1,000 participants, allowing the public to enjoy delicious green bamboo shoot cuisines at the start of the season.
Looking for something to do on the night of a weekend that does not require the air conditioner? Why not come to the Daan Forest Park and enjoy two evenings of beautiful music in the company of moonlight, summer breeze, crickets, and fellow citizens?The Taipei Chinese Orchestra will hold the Flower, Joy, Evening concert at the Daan Forest Park in the evening of June 18 and 19. The program will begin at 7 PM.Renowned radio personality Chou Ting will preside over the show. Conducted by Chiang Chen-hao, the orchestra will play all-time favorites such as Spring Dawn at Mt. Yangming, Green Island Serenade, and Small Town of Lukang.Parks and Street Lights Office Director Huang Li-yuan hopes to expand the diversity of parks and incorporate elements of education and entertainment. He believes that in addition to hardware and facilities, the role of cultural activities is also important. He added that there are a number of outstanding performance venues that can be used to hold these activities.Youth Park Management Division Chief Yang Shu-hui noted that in an effort to bring cultural activities to local parks, the city government welcomes performances at these facilities. In addition to abundant space performances at the Daan Forest Park, fans will also show up at the show to support the performers. 
To encourage the public to visit Dadaocheng and learn about the history of this community, the Department of Cultural Affairs joined hands with the Urban Regeneration Office to organize the 2016 Summer Solstice Dadaocheng Public Art Festival.A bustling sector of the city since Qing Dynasty rule, Dadaocheng has developed a culture of merchants and trade under both Japanese and Nationalist rule. In recent years, the historical neighborhood has also seen changes with introduction of new immigrants and residents of the younger generation. The festival seeks to highlight the unique characteristics of the community through public art works, connecting the different parts of the neighborhood and reawakening the memories of old Dadaocheng among the public, as well as shedding light on new possibilities of the future.The organizers invited 13 artists to create 12 public art works which are placed at important local landmarks. Artist Pan Yu-yus Time Weaving Machine decorates the interior of URS127 building, while Footprints by ceramic artist Huang Chen-chi witnesses the faith of devotees from its position inside the Xiahai City God Temple.The opening event for the 2016 Summer Solstice Dadaocheng Public Art Festival will take place at 6:30 PM on June 17. The exhibition period will be Saturdays and Sundays up through July 3. For more information, please visit the events Chinese Facebook fan page. 
The Land Administration Department joined hands with Taipei Association of Real Estate Brokers to organize the Taipei Real Estate Forum at the Taipei World Trade Center on June 13.According to the Land Administration Department, the opening speaker of the first session professor Peng Chien-wen of National Taipei University indicated that the real estate market is encountering the problem of four highs and one low high housing price, high self-owned, high vacancy, high risk, and low quality. The first forum speaker, founding chairman of Chinese Association of Real Estate Brokers Wang Ying-chieh, noted that it is important to help young people purchase homes in the face of high housing prices, as well as establishing a guarantor mechanism and comprehensive tax system for first-time housing buyers. The second forum speaker, the honorary chairman of the Land Administration Agent Association of the R.O.C. Wang Chin-hsiang remarked that it is important to provide young people with accurate knowledge on house-buying as a first step toward resolving the issue of unaffordable housing prices, adopting strategies such as rent-first-buy-later. He also called for open discussion on housing policies to realize housing justice, as well as using private sector resources to strengthen management and establishment of fair tax burdens. He also reminded the government not to lead in opportunistic investing of real estate. The forums host Commissioner Li Te-chuan of Land Administration Department pointed out that during the Actions to Make the Housing Market More Healthy press conference on June 8, his agency published the statistics of violations in the different types of real estate property trading and analyzed trends and causes of real estate prices over the past decade.Through forum discussions, the participants arrived at the conclusion that the governments policies should emphasize on adjusting and monitoring the housing market and looking after the disadvantaged. In other words, the government should focus on efforts to make the housing market healthier to tackle the problem of houses being affordable. The solution to not being able to find houses to rent lies in the governments social housing policies. The two should not be confused.
To commemorate Police Day and honor outstanding city police officers, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the Police Day Celebration and 2016 Jinwu Award Presentation Ceremony on June 15.During his address, the mayor congratulated the winners of the award and expressed his attitude to the family members who supported the career of their loved ones, allowing the award recipients to focus on their expertise.Ko pointed out that the responsibilities of police officers have a number of similarities to his previous job as doctors working at the intensive care unit. One of the shared traits is the irrelevance of night and day, as well as working shifts on weekends and holidays. Citing his role as a mayor thatrequires him to work seven days a week, the mayor remarked that one-third to two-thirds of his police escort task force will have to accompany him at these times. This means that they have to sacrifice time with their families to fulfill their work duties. This is why he needs to express his gratitude to the officers and their family members who provide support.He noted that two of the major responsibilities of the police are maintaining security and supervising traffic. The safety rating of Taipei has seen gradual improvements over the years  especially in the area of crime prevention. However, with the shift of criminal activities to white-collar crimes  notably network technology crimes  the mayor called upon the police force to adopt the latest knowhow and evolve with the times.The mayor instructed Police Commissioner Chiu Feng-kuang to take a head start by allocating younger personnel to research and study white-collar and Internet crimes. He also expressed his gratitude to the police force for helping to keep Taipei safe and wished everyone a happy Police Day. 
With the arrival of summer and mounting utility bills, the Department of Economic Development (EDD) organized the 2016 Energy-saving Home Appliances Promotion press conference to introduce the public to possible ways of saving electricity and announce the Taipei Energy-saving Season. According to Economic Development Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh, the electricity consumed by old home appliances is on average 2.5-times those of newer products. The saving is especially evident in the case of replacing old lighting devices with technologically-advanced counterparts at homes.Therefore, in the interest of implementing smart power conservation policies, the city government encourages the public to design power-saving plans and products. Those winning the award will be tested on the field for proof of concept and to promote long term energy-saving values.Taipei Energy-saving Season lasts from June 1 through July 31. For individuals who are thinking about purchasing new home appliances, over 200 stores of 16 partner franchises are offering special deals and packages during the period of the event, including major retailers such as Carrefour, RT-Mart, and Tsannkuen.Those purchasing energy-saving home appliances are also eligible to take part in a raffle with their uniform invoices, with prizes including digital cameras, various home appliances, and even iPhone 6s Plus! 
The upcoming 27th Golden Melody Awards Ceremony will be taking place next Saturday (June 25) at the Taipei Arena!To allow members of the public to take part in this event, the event organizer Ministry of Culture will give away a limited number of free tickets at Taipei Arena.The giveaway will take place at the North 5 Exit of Taipei Arena starting 8 AM on Wednesday, June 15.Individuals who wish to obtain a free ticket should bring a photo ID with them to the giveaway. The seating of the tickets given away will be completely random. Only a limited number of free tickets will be available, so pick them up while supplies last.Each individual is limited to a maximum of two tickets.In the event that an overwhelming turnout before the giveaway starts at 8 AM, Taipei Arena staff members will organize queues and give out numbers to ensure the event is conducted in an orderly fashion.
The Parking Management Office (PMO) led the nation in introducing the pay for parking via smart phone service in 2015. By downloading the parking app and scanning the parking notice with their smart phones and selecting a credit card company, drivers will be able to pay for parking online. All transaction fees are covered by the PMO.According to PMO, a total of 1,600 transactions took place over the third-party payment service in the month of November 2015. However, the figures jumped to 70,000 transactions in April 2016, indicating a growth of 44 times.Furthermore, those who utilize either the Pi Mobile Wallet or AllPay apps to pay for their parking will enjoy a 5-percent discount offered by the PMO. In addition, the third-party payment partners also offer a 21-percent discount as well. These offers end at the end of June.Regarding questions about the security of online payments, PMO explained that internet transactions are extremely popular in the private sector, and parking fee payment is only one among many of the transactions taking advantage of the technology. Furthermore, there are regulations put in place by the Financial Supervisory Commission to safeguard information safety during related transactions.  
The Department of Transportation (DOT) announced that three new YouBike rental stations will now be serving the public on June 8.The three new stations include Nanjing Liaoning Intersection Zhongshan Zhongzheng Intersection and Xinming Road Alley 321.With the addition of the 3 new stations, the total number of YouBike rental stations in Taipei will reach 243, boasting a fleet of 7,957 YouBikes.The Nanjing Liaoning Intersection station is located near Exit 5 of MRT Nanjing Fuxing Station, facilitating the commute for those residing or working nearby. Zhongshan Zhongzheng Intersection station is conveniently situated close to the business buildings and commercial districts in the vicinity, as well as MRT Shilin Station. The rental station Xinming Road Alley 321 allows for quick transit to Songshan Train Station across the Rainbow Bridge.Nanjing Liaoning Intersection station comprises 18 posts (36 bicycle parking spaces) Zhongshan Zhongzheng Intersection comes with 20 posts (40 bicycle parking spaces) and Xinming Road Alley 321 houses 24 posts (48 bicycle parking spaces).For more information, please call the YouBike service center (TEL:02-89785511) or the 1999 Citizen Hotline. Details are also available at the YouBike Chinese website (www.youbike.com.tw) or DOTs Chinese website (www.dot.taipei.gov.tw). 
To minimize the impact of the weather upon the MRT, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) has installed specialized syringe-shaped thermometers beneath the train tracks between MRT Fuxinggang Station and MRT Zhongyi Station to monitor track temperature since 2010.While most of the railways of high capacity MRT lines are located underground, the section between MRT Yuanshan Station and MRT Tamsui Station is located on the surface and remains exposed to the elements. On June 4, 2016, the railway thermometer detected rail temperature reaching 51.5-degree Celsius. Crew members were dispatched to the location to ensure that train operation for this section was not affected.According to TRTC, the design of MRT tracks can tolerate heat up to 60-degree Celsius with track surveillance standards set at 50-degree Celsius, having taking into account the temperature standard of countries in the Asia Pacific region and those adopted by Taiwan High Speed Rail. Whenever the track temperature exceeds 50-degree Celsius, the track maintenance personnel will be dispatched to the area for field inspection.The remote monitoring of both train track temperature and surrounding temperature changes from the command center allows further collection and analysis of the data on relative factors, which may be used for reference for track maintenance. As for the train tracks for the Wenhu Line, the Public Work Department has already taken into account of the effects from changing temperature into the trach design, leaving sufficient room for the effects from temperature fluctuation at key connecting sections to ensure track integrity. 
The city government held a committee meeting on redistricting and zone expropriation at the Department of Land on June 6. The members discussed the underlying guidelines for zone expropriation, structure dismantling, and relocation of residents for incorporation into the general urban planning for Shezidao area in Shilin District.Land Commissioner Li Te-chuan noted that the discussion is to prepare for meeting the criteria such as public interest and necessity for subsequent evaluation to be conducted by the Ministry of the Interiors Construction and Planning Agency, as well as answering the concerns of Shezidao residents who will be affected by the project.Participants at the meeting exchanged views on issues such as distributed rental and sales of project housing units, as well as incentives for encouraging collaborative house-building and comprehensive aftercare for relocated households.Committee members also reminded the city government that relocation is a complex issue and should be handled with prudence. The city government responded that it will collect the needs of those affected and plan accordingly based on the values of objectiveness, compliance with laws, and appropriateness. Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong noted that the city government has coordinated among different agencies as it carried out works involving zone expropriation, environmental assessment, and flood control measures related with Shezidao development  with a project office to handle and coordinate horizontal communications across various agencies.
On June 5, Premier Lin Chuan arrived at the Taipei Municipal Haoran Senior Citizens Home to wish the elders an early happy Dragon Boat Festival. Lin was accompanied by Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong and Social Welfare Commissioner Hsu Li-min.The premier presented bundles of zongzi and cash for extra holiday meals to the senior citizens living in the institution. Elder Jui Chen-hsin and Chi Kuang-lu accepted the gifts from the Executive Yuan on behalf of the residents at the institution.Jui is currently 104 years old, and Chi has been living in the institution for 27 years. Both elders are witnesses to the changes of Haoran Senior Citizens Home over the years, praising the outstanding living environment for residents.In addition to visiting the elders with mobility challenges at the nursing care ward, Lin also joined senior residents in doing their daily exercise. A number of senior citizens also shared their ceramic works with the premier.  The Haoran Senior Citizens Home is the only large-scale public senior care institution funded by the government. Over three decades, the institution has transformed from nursing center to an agency providing different types of care for elders, including home care, comprehensive clinic for elders, and palliative care.  
The Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) announced that Taipeis achievement in resource recycling is now an important attraction in city diplomacy. In recent years, delegations from over 30 cities across the world have visited the Neihu Recycled Furniture Auction House to learn about Taipeis waste reduction and recycling policies.Among the visitors, elementary and middle school students from Hong Kong appear to be the most interested in learning about the policies. Hong Kong generates roughly 13,000 tons of waste each day, which are placed in landfills. However, according to one of the visiting teachers from Hong Kong, the willingness of the public to cooperate with recycling efforts is low, as the business is handled by private sector operators. In comparison, the residents here have accepted the idea of waste classification and recycling, with the results becoming evident in waste reduction numbers. This concept is important for Hong Kongs elementary school and middle school students, attracting nearly 20 elementary and middle school delegations to the facility over the past two years.A production team for a show in Singapore also visited the institution to record footage of Taipeis recycling and waste collection scenes. The highly developed country with land area of 710 square kilometers and a population of 5.3 million is extremely impressed by Taipeis accomplishment in recycling and reuse of resources. The institution also received two designers from Spain whoare visiting Taipei to learn about the reuse of unwanted furniture. There have also been several delegations from South Koreas environmental protection agencies visiting the institution to conduct exchanges.  
Those traveling to Tokyo during the summer vacation will have a chance to take part in a promotion campaign co-organized by Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) and its Tokyo counterpart!Receiving positive feedback on the collaboration campaign in 2014, TRTC and Tokyo Metro will be teaming up again this year for the Good METRO  Metro Present Campaign. Each company will offer its unique souvenirs for visitors utilizing the subway in the respective cities.To participate, travelers from Taiwan can either use their smart phone or tablet to access the Chinese language Facebook fan page of Tokyo Metro and press like or download the Tokyo Subway Navigation for Tourists app. After completing the aforementioned task, visit the Ginza station and show the like or the app to station personnel to receive a limited version plastic wrap in train-style box. Only 2,000 boxes will be available.For Japanese tourists in Taipei, visit MRT Zhongshan Station to show a picture of yourself with the 2017 Summer Universiade mascot Bravo cardboard cutout at the station uploaded to your Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, or Line account with the tag #Metro and your Japanese passport to information desk staff for a wooden MRT souvenir postcard. A total of 1,500 postcards will be given away.For more information, please check the following websites:Tokyo Metro Facebook fanpage: https://www.facebook.com/tokyotrip.tokyometro.tcn TRTC Chinese website: http://www.metro.taipei/ TRTC 24-hour customer hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345)  
In preparation for the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei, Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji led a delegation from Taipei City Government on a visit to New Taipei City Government to discuss cross-municipality cooperation on June 3.The delegation was received by New Taipei City Deputy Mayor Ho Yo-yi. On behalf of Taipei City, Teng expressed his gratitude to the officials of New Taipei City for their assistance in preparatory works for the upcoming international competition. He also brought up subjects spanning volunteers, torch relay route, ticketing services, to promotion activities for the games. Ho promised the support of New Taipei City Government in coordinating with Taipei City.During the meeting, New Taipei City officials briefed the delegation on the progress of renovation works for venues such as Xinzhuang Baseball Stadium, Xinzhuang Track and Field Stadium, Jinhe Sports Park, Xinzhuang Gymnasium, Banshu Gymnasium, and Xinzhuang Sports Center. As the host of the 50th International Childrens Games, New Taipei City Government is determined to transform itself into a sport city. The two sides will continue to discuss details on collaborations at follow-up meetings in the future. Taipei City Government will also dispatch delegations to Taoyuan City Government and Hsinchu County Government to strengthen coordination among the five northern municipalities in preparation for the Universiade. 
The press conference for the 2016 City Affairs Summer Camp took place at the Youth Development Office on June 2. At the press conference, the representatives of students had a chance to ask city commissioners on issues ranging from electronic entrepreneurship to public housing to volunteering for the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei. Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji remarked that the questions raised by the students indicated those that they are most concerned about. For example, the biggest challenge confronting the issue of public housing is not the execution of funding, but the inability to provide local communities with a clear picture. It is worth a try to tackle the issue from a different perspective, such as from the students point of view.The first City Affairs Summer Camp was held last year, receiving widespread positive feedback from the public. Participants enjoyed the opportunity to accompany the mayor, deputy mayors, or Secretary-general on city businesses, thereby obtaining firsthand experience on the workings of city government.This years summer camp is slated for July, targeting students from Taipeis public and private middle schools, high schools, vocational schools, colleges, and universities  as well as mainland Chinese students enrolled at the aforementioned institutions. The city government received a total of 164 applications by the deadline on May 13. The lists of students accepted will be posted on the Department of Educations website on June 7. 
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation reminds the public that bicycles will not be allowed on the MRT for Saturday, June 4. The day is a make-up day for work: Therefore it is not treated as a holiday for the purpose of bicycle carry-on policy. Furthermore, Parent/Child Ticket will not be available on June 4 as well.As for the Dragon Boat Festival long weekend from June 9 through 12, bicycle carry-on is permitted on all MRT stations except the following: MRT Tamsui Station MRT Taipei Main Station MRT Daan Station MRT Zhongxiao Fuxing Station MRT Nanjing Fuxing Station and all stations on the Wenhu Line.The MRT Lost-and-found Center at Taipei Main Station will be closed on June 9.In addition, TRTC suggests that the public can consider purchasing the Parent/Child Ticket or the Family and Group Ticket (up to 5 persons) for weekend or holiday travel on the MRT.The Parent/Child Ticket costs NT$150 and is valid until December 25, 2016.The pass allows one day unlimited travel on the MRT for a child (6-12 years old) and an accompanying adult (18 or older) for a single day on weekend or holidays.The Family and Group Ticket (up to 5 persons) will be available starting June 5. Each ticket costs NT$125 and is valid until December 25, 2016. The ticket can be used by up to 5 companions for a single trip to any destination on the MRT network on weekends or holidays.For more information, please contact the 24-hour customer service hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline. Details are also available on the Chinese website of TRTC (www.metro.taipei). 
To provide tourism information to visitors proactively, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) is looking for 60 youths with foreign language capabilities to join the ranks of mobile tourism help desk staff this June.Staff members of the patrol service will take to the streets on weekends, assisting foreign visitors by answering their inquiries. The project aims at improving the experience of visitors during their stay in Taipei.This unique style of tourist information service, first implemented as a test project at the end of 2015 for Ximending area, received widespread acclaim from both tourists and businesses from the tourism industry. With the increase of tourists embarking on individual trips rather than group travels, the agency plans to expand the scale of its Mobile Tourism Inquiry Service operation in 2016.TPEDOIT Tourism Division Chief Wang Shi-jia noted that the city government has set up visitor information centers at 10 locations with high concentration of tourists or in the vicinity of major tourist attractions. In addition, there are also 7 query stations with the help of specialty stores in town. Unlike the other, more stationary services, the mobile tourism help desk seeks to reach out to tourists and visitors with questions, helping to create a tourist-friendly environment through the enthusiasm of these young people.The application period is between June 1 and 21. TPEDOIT welcomes individuals proficient in languages such as English, Japanese, and Korean to apply. The agency will accept 60 individuals and 20 will be wait-listed. This year, staff members will be placed at the three major tourism hotspots of Shilin, Xinyi, and Ximending. For information on how to apply, please visit 1111 Job Bank or call the company (TEL: 02-8787-1111).  
Regarding the temporary bus routes adjustments following the dismantling of Taipei West Bus Station Terminal, the Public Transportation Office (PTO) noted that the relocation of mid- and long-distance coaches to Taipei Bus Station will provide passengers with more choices and coach operators with more visibility of their respective brands.The new location of the coaches is closer to Taipei Train Station, reducing the travel distance from 350 meters to 100 meters and making transfers to trains and MRT much easier for travelers.Regarding concerns of the relocation resulting in more congested traffic for the surrounding area, PTO noted that simulation of traffic volume for the surroundings and stress tests employing actual vehicles indicate no significant impact upon the traffic around Taipei Railway Station. PTO will reserve an area located outside the No. 3 Floodgate for temporary parking for coaches. As the traffic at entranceway to the riverside area is controlled by different traffic for buses, the impact on traffic in the vicinity should be relatively limited.The agency noted that it will continue to work with Traffic Engineering Office, local police precinct, and Taipei Bus Station to monitor traffic conditions for nearby throughways and adjust routes and traffic signals accordingly to ensure smooth traffic flow in the area.  
For people who have visited Renai Traffic Circle in recent days, they might have noticed a fence of green with words inscribed and six statues of people playing different kinds of sports.According to Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) Director Huang Li-yuan, the public art works are created by staff from the agency. These figures seek to promote sports categories such as golf, running, weight-lifting and archery.Chief Kao Min-tien from the agencys Horticulture Engineering Section noted that many of the staff members at PSLO spent endless hours to come up with the design of the artwork. The statues, comprising plants such as Vaccinium Fig, Golden Dewdrop, and Creeping Charlie weed, took an entire month to complete.He added that regular maintenance and upkeep will be carried out for these plant displays. He believes with the growth of the plant, the statue will become more and more detailed  reaching the best state in roughly two months time. To promote the upcoming international event, the Public Works Department has plans to deploy a number of green sculptures with the Renai Traffic Circle as the central area. In the future, these statues will be placed at locations including the intersection of Dunhua North Road and Nanjing East Road, the intersection of Dunhua North Road and Bade Road, Shilin Residence, and Daan Forest Park. 
With the start of flood season, the Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) will be conducting facility evacuation drills at Dajia Riverside Park, Chengmei Riverside Park South, and Meiti Riverside Park between May 31 and June 2.The objective of the exercise is to familiarize city staff with the procedure of evacuating facilities in the case of flooding, to ensure the minimal impact of typhoons and flashfloods upon removable structures. According to HEO, regulations such as the Water Act and the Regulations on River Management mandate that wharfs, restrooms, and other non-fixed facilities should be removed at periods when sea and land typhoon advisories for Northern Taiwan have been issued. To ensure that the drills reflect the procedures accurately, the agency worked with contracted firms to bring in machineries such as cranes and vehicles to dismantle facilities, demonstrating the expertise of these companies in their respective fields. To ensure the safety of the public, HEO reminds visitors at the riverside parks not to enter areas reserved for the drill and marked by the restricted area  no entry signs. During the period of the drill, the Blue Highway ferries serving rides along Keelung River and Tamsui River will be suspended as well. 
The Longshan Temple Scholarship and Grants award ceremony took place on Saturday, May 28. Deputy Commissioner of Education Tseng Sang-jin attended the event and presented a certificate of gratitude to the temple for its effort in helping disadvantaged students over the years.If something bad happens, you can only deal with it. My kids only have me to depend on, noted Ms. Wu. Her husband, a firefighter, passed away due to lung cancer complications. With three surviving daughters  twins inflicted with cerebral palsy and another one only 8-years old, the entire familys livelihood relies on the income from her part time jobs.Fortunately, the school took note of her familys plight and helped Ms. Wu apply for financial assistance with the Foundation of Helping Underprivileged Students (FHUS) of Taipei City Department of Education. Her case was referred to Longshan Temple, which took steps to provide assistance to the family, allowing Ms. Wu to have more time to look after her children.   Longshan Temple has been longtime supporter of charity efforts  especially in assisting underprivileged students. According to Deputy Commissioner Tseng, who also serves as the president of FHUS, Longshan Temple has worked with the foundation for over 18 years in assisting students from disadvantaged families.  As of today, the temple authority has aided 1,560 individuals, spending roughly NT$31.5 million over the years. Since 2003, Longshan Temple doubled the funding of its annual aid from NT$1 million to NT$2 million to help students take their minds off financial difficulties and concentrate on their studies. 
Following a major maintenance in the month of May, the Maokong Gondola will reopen to the public on Wednesday, June 1. According to Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC), it was the first time for switching of the axle bearing by dismantling the gear wheels of the Maokong Gondola. To facilitate the replacement of the axle bearing, the French company who constructed the gondola dispatched their engineers to Taiwan to oversee operations and to ensure that the works are completed on schedule.In addition to replacing the axle bearing, maintenance and examination works were also conducted for other parts such as gearboxes, emergency brake calipers, and sheave trains. All checks have been completed and the system will be back in operations on June 1.To save time, visitors are encouraged to take advantage of the gondola advance reservation system available on the Chinese website of e-services online (https://web.trtc.com.tw/c/gondola/booking/) ahead of time. For more information, please call the 24-hour customer hotline of TRTC (TEL: 02-218-12345) or call the 1999 Citizens Hotline. Details are also available at the Chinese website of TRTC (http://www.metro.taipei/).  
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the opening of the Indigenous Living Aesthetics Hall on May 27. The facility is the refurbished Taiwanese Indigenous Cultural Center located inside the Taipei Expo Park.During his address, the mayor noted that Taipei City is a diverse community, and indigenous culture makes up an important component of the lot. The Indigenous Living Aesthetics Hall is a venue to showcase elements of indigenous culture, including art, music, and cuisine.Ko remarked that after he became the mayor, he learned that the gifts prepared by staff for the mayor to present to foreign guests consist of souvenirs resembling the shape of the Confucius Temples Chinese bronze bell. He believes that a bit of indigenous flavors should be added to the selection of souvenirs for international dignitaries in the future. The opening ceremony for the facility kicked-off with the performance of hymns by elders from the Amis tribe. In addition to visiting individual booths and observing wood carvings and other merchandise, the mayor also enjoyed dishes fusing indigenous food with French cuisine. The ingredients used for the entrees include boar meat and conch. The mayor also purchased a pair of slippers which used areca leaves as materials for his own day-to-day use.The mayor pointed out that the City decided to reopen the Indigenous Cultural Center as the Indigenous Living Aesthetics Hall in hopes of highlighting the indigenous elements as part of Taipeis diversified heritage.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended that press conference for community resource station upgrade project on May 25. According to the mayor, there are currently 322 resource stations for seniors in Taipei. The new project Senior Citizen Activity Station 5.0, a vision proposed by Social Welfare Commissioner Hsu Li-min, will be conducted at 50 selected stations in 2016.In the past, the primary function of these stations for the elderly focuses on its role as a place for congregation and chess games for senior citizens. However, the new upgraded station will reach out to the elderly via greeting calls and home visits, as well as a group meal program to provide elders who live alone with an opportunity to enjoy meals in the company of others. The mayor noted that it is very interesting that Health Commissioner Huang Shier-chieg (his teacher), Social Welfare Commissioner Hsu (his student), and Taipei City Hospital Superintendent Huang Sheng-jean (his former colleague at work) all wanted to bring medical services closer to the communities. Therefore, it is possible to promote services such as home care when promoting community-oriented medical care. In addition to providing group meals, house visits, and daycare, the city government will also consider expanding services to cover home care for elders with serious challenges for selected stations with adequate and bigger space.Kos expressed his hope that the resource stations for senior citizens can be ever more localized and community-centric. Citing his experience from living in the US, he remarked that he does not like the American concept of moving old people into retirement homes. He believes that elders like to live in their home community and interact with young people, and that is why the Citys senior care will focus on localization, instead of its American counterparts institutionalization approach.  
Working in accordance with Taipei Womens Rights Promotion Commission, the Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation has implemented improvements to various programs seeking to ensure the comfort and convenience for female passengers traveling on the MRT.The Night time Waiting Zone for Female Passengers has been upgraded into Night time Secure Waiting Zone, which comes fully equipped with surveillance cameras and intercom. Station staff will also pay additional attention to activities at the zone to ensure the safety of passengers.In accordance with government policies on breastfeeding, TRTC has also set up breastfeeding rooms at 30 stations for passengers with needs. For travelers who needs to breastfeed babies at stations without such facilities, they may use the station masters office or employees office instead. Please refer to the following link for a guide to breastfeeding facilities at MRT stations: http://www-ws.gov.taipei/001/Upload/public/Attachment/5752219548.jpg In addition, 11 MRT stations also offer the Im pregnant badges designed by the Department of Health for passengers in the early stages of pregnancy. TRTC itself also provides Im pregnant stickers at all 117 MRT stations for passengers with need.To accommodate passengers with young kids, TRTC has also established family-friendly zones on various trains serving the Songshan Line in December of 2015.  For those who needs to charge their smart phones, all MRT stations offers free power sockets for use. In additional to the standard 110 V sockets, there are also USB sockets for those who need to recharge their device through USB lines.For passengers who need taxi rides, a small printout with taxi company information can also be acquired from the information counter at MRT stations.For more information, please contact TRTC via the 24-hour service hotline (TEL:02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizen Hotline. Information is also available at the companys Chinese website (http://www.metro.taipei)
To bring Hakka cultural performances closer to the public, the Hakka Affairs Commission (HAC) will be holding the 2016 Hakka in the Alley cultural performances series starting in May. The first show, featuring the Puppet Beings Theatre, will take place at Longsheng Park in Daan District at 3:30 PM on Saturday, May 28. HAC has accumulated many years of experience in organizing community arts and cultural events. This years Hakka in the Alley theme seeks to create a new brand and value for Hakka culture through performance opportunities for outstanding groups across the island.The Puppet Beings Theatre is one of the few modern puppetry performance groups in Taiwan. This performance spotlights a narration approach combining real actors and paper puppets to tell the story of the five-color stones secret and its role in sealing the sky.The performance also combines the traditional with the modern to convey the message of conservation underlying the Hakka Festival of Sky-mending Day to the public, as well as promoting Hakka culture and strengthening interactions between different ethnic groups in the community. 
Deputy Mayor Chen Chin-jun presided over the city flag presentation ceremony to the team members of Taipeis team on May 25. The athletes will be taking part in the upcoming 2016 National Disabled Games.Taipeis team showed outstanding performances during the 2014 National Disabled Games, claiming first place in the overall ranking and bringing home 217 gold medals, 137 silver medals, and 93 bronze medals. The team members participated in 14 out of the 15 categories during the games.The 2016 National Disabled Games will be held in Miaoli County between May 26 and 29. With competitions in 3 categories taking place early on May 14, Taipei is currently in the lead in terms of overall results  105 gold medals, 56 silver medals, and 30 bronze medals.To provide Taipeis athletes with the best possible services, a support team comprising administrative staff, special education teachers, sign language interpreters, medical personnel, and occupational therapists will accompany the team to Miaoli and throughout the games period.The Deputy Mayor noted that the city government has placed an important emphasis on sports for disabled people. In coordination with the National Disabled Games, the city government organizes events such as trial games to select athletes for the city team and leisure sports meet for disable citizens on alternate years. It is also working with the Sports Administration of the Ministry of Education to implement the Sports I Taiwan project to promote sports among the disabled.  
One of the few buildings in Taipei City still retaining the arrangement of traditional living spaces, the Lin Antai Historical House is hosting the Century of Peace and Stability permanent display area starting today.In addition to a rich collection of artifacts from Taiwans early days, the organizers have also set up food and cuisine models to provide visitors a more intimate exposure to scenes from traditional lifestyle spanning occasions such as marriage, child-rearing, banquets, and day-to-day life.In addition to enjoying the displays at the mansion, visitors can also take part in collecting different color prints (4 colors total) hidden at various places in the house to complete a unique postcard as a souvenir.According to the Department of Civil Affairs, the first permanent display is organized in 2016 to allow visitors to enjoy nostalgic memories from the past. The display area, comprising six sections, will make people wonder whether they have walked onto the stage set of historical dramas. In addition to stationary exhibits, Lin Antai Historical House will also be holding various activities on Saturdays through November, 2016. The first Saturday of each month will be dedicated to handicraft lessons at the Lin Antai Workshop the second Saturdays of each month will feature Experience of the Season, offering participants a taste of seasonal food and delicacies the third week will introduce visitors to Childrens Fun of Dadaocheng and the last Saturday of each month will be reserved for conducting rituals for Shouxian and Zuazou babies and young kids.
Taipei Public Library (TPL) has introduced the Ebook Taipei platform to provide readers access to the most abundant Chinese language e-book archive in the nation!Those logging onto the platform can enjoy access to 46,131 volumes of Chinese e-book publications, as well as the latest issues among 184 e-magazine publications spanning the subjects of language, travel, illustration, finance, and hobbies. With the e-book platform, readers will no longer need to wait for long queues to borrow books from the library!According to TPL, the popularity of reading ebooks has been growing in recent years. In an age of reading on mobile devices, the institution has greatly boosted its e-book and e-magazine contents this year. Through the introduction of the Ebook Taipei platform, TPL hopes to bring the reading of digital publication closer to peoples day-to-day living.Ebook Taipei supports mobile devices such as smart phones and tablet computers. Those with TPL library card can borrow books via the platform anywhere anytime, making it an ideal companion for commuting and travel. Each reader receives 6 points per month to allocate on books they want to read.To encourage readers to access the platform, TPL is holding a raffle event starting May 23. Please visit the Facebook fan page of TPL (www.facebook.com/taipeilibrary/)(Chinese) for more information. Ebook Taipei: http://tpml.ebook.hyread.com.tw Reminder: Tablet and smart phone users can download the free HyRead Library APP to access the service. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je presented a report on the progress of Taipei Dome Complex Construction Project during a city council session in the morning of May 23.On the issue of Taipei Dome, Ko stressed that the stance of city government is to comply with the principles of safety and fairness. He called upon Farglory to comply with regulations and apply for construction license building design changes for structures that differ from the original submitted plans. He hopes that citizens and the city council will support the city governments determination on upholding public safety standards.According to Ko, the plans for Taipei Dome changed from the 3-story-building in the original plans to todays 5-story structure. The increase of both floor and commercial areas comes at the cost of reducing areas reserved for emergency evacuation during possible disasters. He also cited the unauthorized changes to the partition of basement parking lots under each building and reduction of fire escapes, leading to safety concerns. He noted that the Control Yuan has also deemed 39 items in contract of the Taipei Dome Construction project between the city government and Farglory to be improper. Furthermore, Taiwan Architecture and Building Center has still yet to approve the blueprints submitted by Farglory for fire safety evaluation. The mayor added that if the issue of Taipei Dome is not solved now, it will become even more complicated in the future. Currently a special task force dealing with this issue has been established under the Mayors Office, comprising members from various agencies. If improvements are not implemented within a deadline, the city government will proceed with cancelation of the construction contract.The mayor also took the opportunity to apology to citizens. He understands how the public is becoming more and more impatient with the halted construction  and even damaging his public image. However, he believes that taking a firm position is necessary, because the problem will remain if not solved. 
Taipei City Government unveiled a new information website providing construction details on Taipei Dome Complex on May 22. City Spokesperson Sidney Lin indicated that the construction of Taipei Dome was suspended based on Article 58 of the Building Act. The city government has been exploring possible solutions with issues such as public safety and contract, as well as continuing calling out to Farglory Dome Company to adopt a more proactive role in the process.  Lin noted that with the publics immense interest in the development of the Taipei Dome project, the city government has decided to set up a website dedicated to this issue, providing the populace with the latest updates and a clear stance of city hall on this issue. It also seeks to correct unfounded rumors related with the case through this website.According to Lin, the mayor has also uploaded a short film to the website to express his own thoughts about the case to the public. In the footage, he described the problem has a complex issue having accumulated over the terms of the past two mayors. He believes that the problem has to be dealt with and should not be left unresolved.The spokesperson added that the information website includes important figures on the front page to offer visitors a better understanding of the problem with Taipei Dome. Other information on the website touches upon issues such as vision and strategy. Taipei Dome Complex Open Info Website (Chinese): http://taipeicity.github.io/tpe_dome
The eye-dotting ceremony for dragon boats taking part in the upcoming 2016 Taipei International Dragon Boat Festival took place at the Qu Yuan Temple in Beitou Districts Zhoumei Borough on May 21.Deputy Mayor Chen Chin-jun presided over the traditional ritual on behalf of Taipei City Government. Following the eye-dotting ritual at the temple, the deputy mayor joined members from six dragon boat teams, including Team-max, Boat of Love, Taipei Xiahai City God Temple, and Shezidao dragon boat team, in a procession accompanying the deitys palanquin down to Zhoumei Wharf. To promote city diplomacy and cultural exchange, the city government also invited representatives from 13 countries to attend the eye-dotting ceremony, including dignitaries from Australia, Malaysia, Thailand, Saudi Arabia, Argentina, Mexico, Belgium, Nicaragua, and Russia.After the performance by renowned Jyou-tian Folk Drum and Arts Group at the wharf, the deputy mayor and foreign dignitaries filled in the eyes on the dragon head for six dragon boats, praying for peace and prosperity for Taiwan.The dragon boat races at Taipei Dragon Boat Festival is the largest of its kind in Asia, with 212 teams comprising over 5,000 participants taking part in the upcoming competition in June.  
After entering Xingye Borough, one will not have a hard time in noticing the presence of green spaces in the area. These are the results made possible through the efforts of Borough Chief Hung Chang-jung of Wenshen districts Xingye Borough.One of the examples of Hungs successful project is the empty plot located on Alley 31 along Xinglong Second Road Lane 220. The property was used for storage purposes by the Department of Finance. Through negotiations by the borough chief, a series of green efforts were carried out during the period of Taipei International Flora Expo in 2010. Today, the plot has been transformed from a neglected area into a place of trees and greens.Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) Director Huang Li-yuan noted that the green-ification of unused plots helps to improve the landscape of the city, as well as preventing possible environmental hygiene and safety problems from occurring. The overhaul of the areas landscape helps to bring community closer together, as well as making the surrounding environment more visually appeasing by replacing concrete and cement with wooden planks and patches of green.Chief Chang Hsiu-chu of PSLO Nangang Park Management Division pointed out that the agency is more than happy to provide professional advice on issues such as gardening and plant care to help communities maintain quality green spaces.Borough Chief Hung noted that the plot of land used to be deserted and surrounded by steel fences. Some people even dump their garbage at the area, requiring cleaning and pesticide administration on a frequent basis. Following landscape overhaul, it has become more pleasing to the eyesof residents and shop owners in the vicinity. 
To promote Taipei as a potential location for Muslim travelers, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) collaborated with Malaysian Television station TV ALHIJRAHHs show SOAL WANITA to showcase the charms which the capital city has to offer. Popular Malaysian TV show host Fara-Hanim-Razak and winner of the Juara Masterchef Selebriti Malaysia 2012 Chef Dato Fazley are in town for the shows filming sessions, introducing the selection of Muslim food and the tourist attractions in town.This trip is the first trip for the two hosts to Taipei. After visiting locations such as Dadaocheng, Xinyi District, and Shilin Night Market, Fara remarked that she is very fond of the atmosphere of Dadaocheng where the old mansions merge with creative shops offering cute merchandise, as well as the fashion boutiques in the east part of town. She is also very impressed with beef noodles and mango shaved ice.Fazley said that he was curious about ingredients such as cordia dichotoma and hot spring egg. He also praised the layout of Taipeis fish market and took the opportunity to do some shopping and the Binjiang Market. He added that Taipei is a modernized international city known for its safety and convenience. He also experienced the hospitality of locals when they would approach him and say Welcome to Taipei!TPEDOIT Commissioner Chien Yu-yen visited the shows crew during a filming session at a local Muslim restaurant. She joined the hosts in trying out some of the delicacies and served as a member of the scoring panel for the episode. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived at Taipei Municipal Changan Elementary School on May 18 to preside over the award ceremony honoring outstanding students from public and private elementary schoosl for the second semester of the 2015 school year.During his address, the mayor noted that being an honor student is encouragement and affirmation. It is also a form of responsibility, because in the future the public will adopt a more competitive standard to judge this student.Citing his own experience, the mayor pointed out that it is easier to do things you want to do yourself and much harder to do things other people want you to do. He himself enjoyed riding the bicycle from the lighthouse in northern Taiwan to the lighthouse in southern Taiwan in a day. However, being a mayor is not something he enjoys, but he still needs to do it well. He called upon the award winners to take up the responsibility and do their best.When asked if he feels less pressure in presenting the award to 155 students which is half the number compared to the award ceremony in the previous semester, Ko said he will present the award to all the winners regardless of the number. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je and Ehime Prefecture Governor Tokihiro Nakamura signed a memorandum on strengthening friendly exchanges between the two municipalities at city hall on May 18.In addition, the bicycle trail network in both Taipei and Ehime are to become sister cycling trails as a way of strengthening tourism, culture, sports, and industrial exchanges.According to Ko, he has learned much from the trip to Tokyo, Yokohama, and Osaka in February when he had a chance to meet several Japanese mayors and governors and learn from their experiences. He believes that Taiwan can learn a lot from Japan, and he is pleased to have the opportunity to strengthen friendly ties with Ehime in many areas.Nakamura remarked that he is happy to meet Mayor Ko again. He also expressed his gratitude on behalf of the residents of Ehime Prefecture for the signing of the memorandum with Taipei.He recalled that the beginning of bilateral ties came about due to the identical Chinese characters Song and Shan (Matsuyama in Japanese) in the name of places located in both municipalities. There is a direct flight once a year between Taipeis Songshan Airport and its counterpart in Ehime Prefecture, as well as frequent exchange between the two train stations with the same name.According to the governor, Ehime Prefecture began promoting the culture of cycling with the help of Giant Bicycles founder King Liu five years ago. The memorandum included a special note on cycling exchange, hoping that one day Mayor Ko can visit Ehime for some bicycle diplomacy.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press conference for the Internet of Things (IoT) Experimental Platform on May 15. He called upon private businesses to take advantage of this opportunity to work on the latest trend. According to the mayor, IoT is one of the latest buzzwords attracting public interest. The LoRa network plays a key role with its low frequency and long distance transmitters. Taipei City will handle the deployment of the experimental platform and invites interested enterprises to join the IoT network. Ko explained that this is what he believes the role of the government should be  a medium to facilitate the entry of businesses and enterprises, working together to help this city grow and develop.The mayor pointed out that several nations in Europe are now entering the trial phase of IoT. Taipei is the first city in Asia to embark on the IoT experiment, which he sees as a very innovative and creative venture. He took the opportunity to express his gratitude to Gemtek for working with the city government on this project.In response to reporters' question on future achievements of the IoT project, Ko noted that the role of the government is to set up the platform and invite businesses to participate. As for what to expect, the mayor admitted that it is hard to predict. He stressed again that the role of the government is to help industries establish their roots in Taiwan and flourish.  
In light of the Inauguration Ceremony and Celebrations for the 14th President and Vice President of the ROC on May 20, services at four YouBike rental stations near the Presidential Office Building will be temporarily suspended starting 10 PM on May 19.The affected YouBike rental stations are as follows:1. University of Taipei: 10 PM (May 19)  1 PM (May 20)2. MRT NTU Hospital Station: 6:30 AM (May 20)  1 PM (May 20)3. National Library: 9 AM (May 20)  1 PM (May 20) 4. MRT Xiaonanmen Station: 9 AM (May 20)  1 PM (May 20) The Department of Transportation also reminds members of the public who plan to attend the presidential inauguration to take public transportation to avoid likely traffic jams. 
To bring the public closer to the hiking trails across Taipei City, the Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) will be holding a series of eco tours for a number of selected hiking trails in the months of May, June, August, and September.GEO suggests that the public can take some free time to visit the outdoors and experience the biodiversity along these trails, strengthening their knowledge about conservation of forests and mountains. This year, the agency is introducing eco-tours for several hiking trails, including Fengwei Trail, Xiazhulin Trail, 120 Highland Trail near Hushan Fengtian Temple, and Maokong Tea Fragrance Circle Trail. Those who sign up for the entire tour will receive a souvenir, with each tour offering different souvenirs!Chief Ting of GEOs Industrial and Trail Section announced that the first eco tour at Fengwei Trail will take place on May 21. The trail, located in the valley between Shibafen Industrial Road and Fengwei bus stop, used to be a common farmers trail frequented by residents of Dinghu for traveling to and from Yangmingshan area. There is a total of 300 openings for the eco tour on May 21. Registration for the event begins on May 6. Please call (02) 2302-5265 or visit the Chinese websites of Taiwan Nature Trail Society (http://nature.ngo.org.tw) or GEO (www.tcge.taipei.gov.tw) for registration.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening ceremony for the 2016 Taipei Traditional Market Festival at the Expo Park on May 15. He hopes that the city government can help improve market quality and organize promotion campaigns to introduce more people to the wonderful characteristics of traditional markets.During his address, Ko noted that the best place to learn about Taipeis lifestyle is to stop by the traditional markets. Visiting traditional markets is a part of citizens' daily life, and most people are familiar with the sights and sounds of these places.The primary reason for the city government to hold the Traditional Market Festival is not only to promote the various delicacies, but also explore possible ways to upgrade these markets. According to past surveys targeting foreigners conducted by the Department of Information and Tourism, most visitors list night market snacks among their top three impressions of Taipei. The results seem to indicate that Taiwans delicious snacks have become a major attraction for foreign tourists. Therefore, Ko believes that these should be further improved  in terms of cleanliness, hygiene, and more. The core concept should be advancing from eatingto thefull to eating well. Market Administration Office Director Sheu Shyuan-mou noted that each year the Traditional Market Festival spotlights a different theme. This year emphasizes the market craftsmen, hoping to overturn the stereotype of traditional markets in the eyes of the public.For more information, please visit the Chinese activity website: www.festival.market.taipei  
During a briefing session on the second day of the delegation from the International University Sports Federation (FISU) in Taipei, the mascot of the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei Formosan black bear Bravo appeared at the meeting room to greet the delegates.   The eight-member delegation from FISU and the Summer Universiade Supervision Committee is led by President Oleg Matytsin. The delegation is accompanied by the Taipei Organizing Committee and Chief Executive Su Li-chiung. Bravo shook hands with each of the delegates at the meeting and asked the president to join him for a short dance. The arrival of the mascot created a relaxing moment for the groups busy schedule.The FISU delegation visited the construction site of the Athletes village in Linkou to inspect the progress of constructions, as well as the model rooms for athlete dormitories. Special attention was dedicated to the material and the layout of beds and other furniture. The members moved about the model rooms to ensure ample room for movement and tried out the bed mattresses. In the afternoon, the CSU members of the delegation shared their experiences on international games and expressed their opinions regarding issues such as media broadcast and promotion activities. They suggested that the local organization committee should take advantage of new media platforms to disseminate information on the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei to college students around the world.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the ground-breaking ceremony for the rebuilding of Dalong Community and marketplace on May 12.During his address, the mayor noted that the reconstruction project is Taipei City Governments first endeavor to overhaul buildings constructed using materials contaminated with sea sand. He hopes that work can proceed smoothly followed by a good beginning. The mayor said that the project is a very important issue to him. He instructed city staff to include construction progress report in the monthly mayors briefing session to ensure minimal delays on project schedule.According to Ko, the priority of the project is given to the needs of community residents and those of the market. Consideration for space dedicated to social welfare functions comes next. The city government will take care of the remaining space after all issues have been addressed to avoid encroaching upon the rights of residents and the market. Yang Chi-jui, the deputy chairperson of the Dalong Reconstruction Committee, thanked the city government for taking a stance on the sea sand housing issue, as well as city councilors of Datong district for their support.
During a press conference promoting uniform invoice donation on May 12, Mayor Ko Wen-je demonstrated how to donate digital uniform invoices stored in the EasyCard to charities when making purchases at convenience stores.The mayor pointed out that the governments policies on paper use reduction and digital uniform invoices unexpectedly led to a drop in the donation of paper uniform invoices to charities. Ko stressed that many of these NGOs without government funding have to rely on the slips of papers for their day-to-day operations. While the amount secured through uniform invoices might appear trivial to most people, it is nonetheless an important source of income for many of these organizations.He hopes to express his gratitude to the Ministry of Finance and EasyCard Corporation for coming up with such an innovative approach, making it possible for consumers to contribute to charities with ease.The city government also introduced 12 charity organizations in the latest charity codes collaboration. Through the respective codes, consumers can donate their invoices electronically at the checkout counter of convenience stores when they make purchases with EasyCards.I-Mei Foods Corporation general manager and project initiator Kao Chih-ming noted that many disadvantaged groups have encountered challenges in having their voices heard by the public and would benefit from the help of government and enterprises.  
Great news for young night sky observers! Registrations for the 2016 Summer Camp Activities organized by the Taipei Astronomical Museum (TAM) will take place between 9 AM on May 15 and 9 AM on May 18!After the registration period, the final list of students for each of the camps will be randomly determined by computer on May 18.For the summer 2016, TAM is offering a variety of summertime activities for elementary school students through middle school students, as well as faculty and the public. Currently, there are study camps for first and second graders astronomy camps for third and fourth graders astronomy camps for fifth and sixth graders outdoor trips and observation camps for middle school students and astronomy training camps for elementary and middle school teachers.Each camp varies in terms of duration, from one-day activities to four-day-long camps. The activities include astronomy lessons tailored for young students, as well as stargazing experiences designed for the entire family.For details on programs, schedules, and registration, please visit the Chinese website of TAM (www.tam.gov.tw). For information on aforementioned classes for elementary school grades 1 through 4, please call the agencys Exhibition Section (TEL: 02-2831-4551, ext. 703). For other classes, please call the Education Section (TEL: 02-2831-4551, ext. 202). 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the celebrations for 2016 International Nurse Day in the afternoon of May 11.During his address, the mayor expressed his gratitude to the contribution of nurses in our daily life. He remarked that the city government is working on improving the salary differences for nurses employed at Taipei City Hospital. Ko pointed out that the International Nurse Day is a day dedicated to all Florence Nightingales out there. The work schedule of nurses is extremely intense, noted the mayor, especially for those serving night and late night shifts. Having spent 17 years as the director of the intensive care unit, Ko said he completely understands the responsibilities of these health workers.On the issue of pay, Ko admitted that it is quite a challenge for nurses to take on their responsibilities with their current salaries. He specifically cited the pay disparity at Taipei City Hospital between standard civil servants and contracted employees. He consulted with Superintendent Huang Sheng-jean on this issue and decided that same pay for the same work should be established for fairness. Taipei City Hospital will attempt to settle the pay disparity within one year through four salary raises within this period. While he cannot affect private hospitals, Ko believes it is a start by doing what he can do within his power. 
To raise public awareness on the importance of biodiversity, Taipei City Government joined hands with Chi Sing Eco-conservation Foundation to organize the 2016 Taipei Eco-festival at the Xinyi Civic Hall (44 South Village) on Saturday, May 21.The event commemorates the International Day of Biological Diversity on May 22. Furthermore, the organizers are working with the Chinese box turtle conservation team from National Chung Hsing University to promote the concept of wild animal conservation to visitors through the guest appearance of Chinese box turtle conservation mascot ambassador A-shi.Animal Protection Office (APO) Director Yen I-feng noted that to bring the concept of biological diversity closer to the public, the organizers will display agricultural products from Laiji Tribe, hand-made steamed buns, and Chinese box turtle mascot products, offering visitors with an opportunity to help support conservation efforts for Chinese box turtles through purchases at the event. According to the Chi Sing Eco-conservation Foundation, there will also be a conservation-themed marketplace and fun activities where participants can win small souvenirs. A raffle during events will yield winners who can bring home Taiwan black bear commemoration EasyCards. In compliance with the city governments directive on banning single-use and melamine utensils, participants will have to bring their own eco mugs and bags to the event. For more information on activities, please visit the Chinese website of the event: http://7stareco.wix.com/taipeief2016
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the Metropolitan Symposium on May 10 to discuss the topic of consolidation and redevelopment of mass transit resources within the greater Taipei area.Dignitaries include Keelung City Mayor Lin Yu-chang, government officials, and experts from various fields.During his address, Ko pointed out that the operation of mass transit system in the greater Taipei area is facing three challenges today: Transit-oriented development (TOD), commercialization, and chaos of mass transit systems. The mayor pointed out that the problems have remained unresolved for the last three decades and need to be dealt with. Noting that the Department of Rapid Transit Systems remained a temporary, specialized institution and not officially a public agency, Ko stressed that the organization established in 1987 will likely encounter problems with the abolishment of related articles governing the hiring of technical personnel for agencies in the Civil Service Employment Act last year.He also questioned the necessity of five different municipal governments each having departments with portfolios related to mass transit systems. Citing Taoyuan City as an example, he believes that operations will be difficult if the agency only manages the Airport MRT. He also talked about some disagreement with the split on construction costs for MRT Xizhi Minsheng Line with New Taipei City Government.Speaking at the closing of the event, Ko admitted that he doesnt expect answers through the symposium, but he believes that the event serves as a platform to lay out the challenges. It is easier to find possible solutions by determining the problems first. Rather than waiting for time to pass without taking any action, he prefers to list the questions out before searching for answers. 
With the arrival of the flood season on May 1 and the heavy afternoon downpour in recent days, Mayor Ko Wen-je ordered an impromptu flood drill testing the disaster responsiveness of city agencies at 7 PM on May 9.The scenario of the drill focuses on the appearance of a thunderstorm system covering the city starting at 8 PM on May 9, resulting in heavy rainfall  with Shilin District reporting 225 mm of rain within a 24-hour period, with possibility of further downpour reaching 350 mm.Following confirmations with the Central Weather Bureau on upcoming torrential rain advisories to include Taipei City, the Citys Disaster Prevention Office notified emergency operation-related agencies to dispatch personnel and report to the Emergency Operations Center (EOC) within 1 hour, with the mayor personally presiding over the command center.After attending the briefing by city officials and task force members, he reminded city staff that the impromptu drill is a way to test the response and mobilization capabilities of the city government. The important thing is to locate possible problems to ensure better room for improvement.Recalling his recent trip to Japan, Ko noted that the Japanese public are very aware of the possibilities of natural disasters and often plan their SOPs according to worst-case scenarios. This is something we should learn from them, noted the mayor.After leaving the EOC at 8:45 PM, the mayor stopped by Tongde Street to inspect the drainage-cleaning operation in surrounding areas. He also visited the pump station located on Academia Road later in the evening. The drill concluded at 10 PM. 
Taipei Water Park will be reopening its Water Country Park Area for the summer season on May 11.  Located right next to the parks entrance on Siyuan Road, this section of the park is available for public access during summer and is greatly popular among kids as a place for some splashing fun!According to the Taipei Water Department (TWD), the Water Country Park Area comprises water slides for kids and other recreational facilities. With pool depth between 40 and 50 centimeters, this area is ideal for young school kids to play with water. Each year, this section of Taipei Water Park attracts over tens of thousands of visitors during the summer season.TWD noted that the close location of the water park to the MRT Gongguan Station, as well as the clean source of water supplied directly from the departments water purification plant and constant monitoring of water quality by staff, makes the facility attractive to visitors.The agency noted that the price of admission tickets will remain at off-season levels before the end of June. For more information on ticket prices and hours, please call the TWD customer service hotline (TEL: 02-8733-5678) or visit the waterparks Chinese website (http://waterpark.water.taipei). 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a gathering at the Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall celebrating both Buddhas Birthday and Mothers Day on Sunday, May 8. He hopes that everyone can retain internal calmness when facing turmoil and wishes all peace and happiness.The Spiritual Conservation Stop.Relax.Enjoy activity arranged by Dharma Drum Mountain kicked off in the midst of a thunderstorm, with the mayor joining the audience in experiencing the spirit of SRE (stop, relax, and enjoy) to experience the living Zen and pray for the peace of the island and happiness to moms around the world. During his address, Ko noted that spiritual conservation is not only an attitude for our daily life, but also an approach we can adopt in pursuit of advancement in times of stability.The mayor also took the opportunity to write down an excerpt from one of the sutras and placed it within a talisman. He noted that he will give this talisman and another one  given to him by Dharma Master Guo Dong of Dharma Drum Mountain  to his wife and his mother.  When asked by the reporter what he felt like undergoing a spiritual training when he spoke in the middle of the rain, he replied that he doesnt mind the rain. As for whether he felt the calmness when he copied the sutra excerpt, Ko said he is always at peace and often reads the copy of Diamond sutra on his table when he has time.
The Department of Transportation (DOT) announced that three new YouBike Rental Stations have been established and will serve the public starting May 7.  The three new stations include Guandu Temple, Guangfu S. Road Lane 22 Intersection, and Zhongxiao E. Road Section 3 Lane 217 Intersection.  The new YouBike station next to Guandu Temple is located next to the Guandu Riverside Park and serves as a stopover for cyclists who need to rest or who are interested in touring the surrounding areas. It is also conveniently situated next to the Guandu wharf, offering access to ferries. Both the Guangfu S. Road Lane 22 Intersection and Zhongxiao E. Road Section 3 Lane 217 Intersection are rental stations located in a mixed commercial-residential area. These stops are conveniently located near MRT stations (MRT Zhongxiao Fuxing Station and MRT Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station, respectively) along the Blue Line, providing passengers with convenient transfer options.The Guandu Temple station comes with 40 YouBike parking slots (20 poles) the Guangfu S. Road Lane 22 Intersection station has 30 YouBike parking slots (15 poles) and the Zhongxiao E. Road Section 3 Lane 217 Intersection station offers 38 YouBike parking slots (19 poles).For more information, please call the 1999 Citizens Hotline or the YouBike Customer Service (TEL: 02-8978-5511). Details are also available on the Chinese websites of DOT (www.dot.taipei.gov.tw) and YouBike (www.youbike.com.tw).    
With the approach of Mothers Day on Sunday, the Maokong Gondola will be hosting a special evening concert between 5 PM and 8 PM on Saturday, May 7.The evening concert will take place at the wooden platform outside of the Maokong Gondola Maokong Station. The event will feature the performance by the pop music club of Jingwen High School, expressing their gratitude to great mothers around the world and wishing them a Happy Mothers Day.Before the concert, why not bring your mother on a trip to the surrounding Maokong area to take in the fresh air of the mountains? The environment in the mountains retains much of its natural appearance, with the comfortable Tea Aroma circular hiking trails for a short walk and the tea promotion center for a great selection of local teas. A great way to fully immerse oneself in the charms of Maokong is to purchase a Super-value Round-trip Ticket for the Maokong gondola. For NT$260 (including NT$20 deposit), the ticket holder can take one round trip to a specific station along the gondola route, as well as one additional ride.For more information, please call the 24-hour customer hotline of TRTC (02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizen Hotline. Details are also available at the Chinese website of TRTC (http://www.metro.taipei/) or the Maokong Gondola (http://www.gondola.taipei/). 
To welcome Mothers Day and the summer season, the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) will be holding a showcase on oncidium orchids (dancing doll orchids) at the Shilin Residence between May 7 and June 12. According to PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan pointed out that Taiwan is often referred to as the Kingdom of Orchids, and many tourists and travelers want to enjoy the beauty of orchids during their visit to the island. The Shilin Residence is the only place in Taipei where orchids are on routine display.According to chief Ho Chi-hua of the agencys Horticulture Section, this exhibition will also showcase Zgd. Calico Gem Green Valley #1  the first dancing doll orchid from Taiwan to be patented. Not only is this special breed of dancing doll orchid bigger than its peers, it is also immensely popular among market consumers in recent years.The Xinlan Pavilion, venue of the dancing orchid showcase, is open from 8 AM to 5 PM. In addition to the dancing doll orchid showcase at the Shilin Residence, the Wash mommys feet event celebrating Mothers Day will also take place at the nearby Zhicheng Park on Saturday, May 7. The event is organized by the Bliss and Wisdom Foundation.
With the exam season approaching, Taipei Confucius Temple will be holding special events for test takers to seek blessing between 9 AM and 11:40 AM on May 7 and 8.According to Department of Civil Affairs (DCA) Commissioner Lan Shih-tsung, the event combines innovation with local culture, merging traditional ceremonies into formal rituals. Examinees offer their prayers to the great teacher Confucius, hoping for the best performance at the testing grounds.This year, the Confucius Temple has prepared well-wish bookmarkers for test-takers, wishing them the best when they take their exams. In addition, the organizers will also offer participants a set of Passing the Examination stationery. Examinees should bring photocopies of their test-taking permit with them to collect the souvenirs.Ceremony participants will enter the Li Gate after washing their hands. They will be led on a tour around the temple, entering the main hall via the Yi Gate to pay their respect to Confucius. They will read their prayers inside the Dacheng Hall and receive his blessing in the form of the stationery set. At the end of the tour, they will place their bookmark with their wish in the corridor next to the Yi Gate.Test takers who are unable to visit the temple during the aforementioned time can also pick up the stationery set and bookmark with copies of their test-taking permits at the Confucius Temple between May 7 and 13 (9 AM  noon, and 2 PM  5 PM. Closed Monday).For more information on the event, please call Taipei Confucius Temple (TEL: 02-2592-3934, ext. 22 [Ms. Chen]). 
The Department of Labor (DOL) organized the Heartwarming Labor Month: Balance between Home and Work Life press conference on May 3. The event seeks to promote the idea of gender equality and equal pay for the same work, hoping that companies will place an emphasis on the happiness of employees. It also signals the start of labor inspections focusing on gender equality at the work place.Labor Commissioner Lai remarked that the right of workers to take family care leaves, menstrual leaves, paternity leaves, and maternity leaves is permitted under the Act of Gender Equality in Employment. However, many workers are reluctant to claim their leaves because they risk falling into bad standing with their employers.Before the inspections began on May 2, DOL has already notified 30 tourist hotels with over 200 employees to conduct preliminary self-inspections. Following the conclusion of inspections, the agency will announce the results and conduct follow-ups and provide guidance if necessary. Section Chief Liu of DOL pointed out that the inspections will focus on whether businesses have taken steps to implement measures preventing sexual harassment at work whether menstrual, maternity, and family care leaves are separate from standard sick and unpaid leaves whether taking leaves will affect the workers work evaluation and whether those taking extended maternity leave without pay can regain their positions/salary after returning to work.  
The Yansan Commercial District at Daqiaotou is known for its role in the development of numerous rice-based delicacies such as caozaiguo (grass cake), yuguo (taro cake), faguo (steamed sponge cake), and caitouguo (turnips cake). These dishes can be seen lining the dinner table at homes and the offering table at temples.To promote the culture of rice-based cuisine, Taipei City Office of Commerce (TCOOC) will be holding the 17th Taipei Rice Culture Festival in May. The kick-off event will take place at the community kitchen in the Guoshun Borough Community Center between May 4 and 11. Experienced chefs will demonstrate how to cook creative rice-based entrees.According to TCOOC Director Tsai Tsung-hsiung, the Yansan Commercial District implemented the concept of Community Kitchen in an effort to promote and pass on its traditions in rice cuisine culture.The first demonstration event will take place on May 4, inviting culinary expert Lin Mei-hui to demonstrate creative rice entrees such as longan glutinous rice cake and bacon rice pasta. The second cooking demonstration is slated for May 11, with gourmet Lien Ai-ching to share her knowledge on Dragon Boat Festival-related delicacies such as healthy vegetable zongzi and oriental-style zongzi.For more information, please visit the Chinese website of Yansan Commerical District (https://goo.gl/FShk7M) or the facebook page of TCOOC (https://zh-tw.facebook.com/tcooc/). 
The Taipei City Labor Education Hall will be holding a joint exhibition on contemporary oil paintings by various artists between May 2 and 14. The exhibition will feature the works of oil painting enthusiasts on various themes, including landscape, abstract, portraits, and more.To encourage workers to take time off and enjoy works of arts, the Labor Education Hall has dedicated a gallery to exhibit art pieces from different genres. The institution welcomes laborers and members of the public to visit the showcase during the exhibition period.The opening ceremony and tea event will take place at 11 AM on Saturday, May 7.The Labor Education Hall is located near Exit 2 of MRT Yuanshan Station (Address: No. 287, Chengde Road, Taipei City). The institution is open from 9 AM to 8 PM on weekdays and 9 AM to 4 PM on Saturdays. The works on display are also available for browsing online starting on May 2 at the Chinese version of the website of Department of Labor (http://bola.gov.taipei).
To welcome citizens to witness the success of Taipei City Governments firefly repopulation efforts, the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) is offering a guide to firefly watching for several sites within the city.PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan remarked that the existence of a firefly population shows that the surroundings are free of pollution and contain a certain degree of biodiversity. He noted that some of the best locations to watch fireflies in Taipei include Daan Forest Park, Rongxing Garden Park, Muzha Parks Cui Lake, and Fuyang Eco Park.The advantage of Taipeis geographical location  a highly urbanized basin surrounded by mountains on three sides  creates a unique park ecosystem serving as a kind of Eco Island.Through the collaboration of the Public Works Department, Friends of Daan Park Association, Society of Wilderness, and local community members, the natural habitats of fireflies at Rongxing Garden Park, Muzha Park, and Fuyang Eco Park were successfully preserved, while a new firefly community has been established at Daan Forest Park.Information on Parks for Firefly-spottingRongxing Garden Park: MRT: Visitors should disembark at MRT Zhongshang Junior High School Station, travel west along Minquan E. Road, and enter via Longjiang Road. Another way is to disembark at MRT Zhongshang Elementary School, walk east along Minquan E. Road, and enter via Longjiang Road.Daan Forest ParkMRT: Disembark at MRT Daan Park Station. The eco pond is located next to the outdoor music platform. Fuyang Eco ParkMRT: Disembark at Exit 1 of MRT Linguang Station, walk to the gas station, and turn on Fuyang Street.Muzha Park (Cui Lake)Bus: Visitors can take public buses 0S, 0E, 108, 109, 12, 14, 15, 253, 666, 671, BR 22, 236, 294, 647, 237, 611, 671, and more.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the discussion panel of the Shezidao International Workshop in the afternoon of May 1. He joined Taiwanese and Dutch experts in discussing topics ranging from water, transportation, urban development, to land policies.During his address, the mayor noted that the construction ban for Shezidao, which has been in effect for 46 years, is a complex problem. He believes that this is the last chance to resolve the issue and is willing to invest a lot of effort into the project. The mayor listened to the presentation arranged by the Public Works Department, Department of Transportation, Urban Development Department, and four Dutch experts. The briefing include conclusions arrived at following two days of exchange and discussions.Jaap Van Der Salm noted that the city government has ambitious goals for the Shezidao Project, limited not only to providing locals with a comprehensive urban environment, but also to attract new residents. He suggested that Taipei should not just build a new town, but need to include demonstrative function to be followed by other cities.Frans Van De Ven offered suggestions on water resource management such as conducting risk assessment of rivers in fields such as flood prevention, extreme weather changes, and rising sea levels. Defensive mechanisms should be installed for facilities related to citizens livelihood such as power plants and evacuation sites.Piet Klsbeek mentioned that central river canals should integrate closely into the urban environment and link up with lesser channel systems to create an atmosphere of cohabitation with the park at every corner of Shezidao. He also reminded the City that underground water levels will affect the stability of levees.Samuel De Vries approached the issue from the perspectives of green transportation, eco-corridors, and green energy. For future plans, he suggested that public transportation should be given the priority. Green energy is also important in reducing energy consumptions of buildings, so it would be wise to consider alternative energy sources such as solar and wind power.
The annual Taipei 101 Run up Race kicked-off in the morning on May 1. Before he began the race, Mayor Ko Wen-je vowed to break his own record from the previous year. Having completed the race in 45 minutes 54 seconds in 2015, the mayor continued his physical training before the event, taking time from his busy schedule to consult with trainers on ideal tactics and running the staircase at city hall.The mayor completed the run in 38 minutes and 41 seconds.In addition to the mayor, Sports Affairs Commissioner Hung Chia-wen and Fire Department Commissioner Wu Chun-hong also took part in the stair-climb event. Both of them succeeded in the challenge by completing the 91-story, 2,046-step course.To promote the upcoming 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei, 20 staff members from city government agencies  including Transportation Commissioner Chung Hui-yu  took part in a stair-climb relay. The participants wore various costumes to promote the sports competition category sponsored by their respective departments during the event.
Taipei Broadcasting Station (TBS) aired a special interview with the migrant workers counselor of Taipei City Foreign and Disabled Labor Office (FDLO) on April 29. These specialists took the opportunity to share their stories over the years with listeners.Having worked in this area for nearly 14 years, Indonesian language counselor Chu Na-na recalled that she encountered a wide diversity of questions over the years, ranging from management, salary complaints, to contract clauses. An example she cited was a migrant worker who was unable to fulfill the employment contract and needed to return to the home country for personal reason. For this case, Chu needed to investigate details such as whether the decision was voluntary, accuracy of salary calculation, and what documents are required. All these steps are necessary to ensure the rights of the migrant worker in question.Doods, a Filipino language counselor working for the agency for 8 years, also has his stories to share. He recalled a worker who has worked in Taiwan for 9 years was unable to continue her work due to physical illness. The worker was unable to visit the office to process the paper works for her departure, so he visited the workers work site to complete the required process.In addition to their work at FDLO, the two migrant workers counselors also host the radio show Hello Taipei on TBS every Saturday and Sunday from 9 PM to 11 PM. The show offers migrant workers in Taipei music from their home countries, as well as updates on important policies and activities.Migrant workers with questions about their work environment or rights can contact the 24-hour Migrant Workers Hotline (TEL: 1955) or FDLO (TEL: 02-2559-8518 ext. 5211 or 5218 for Tagalog ext. 5207, 5209, 5215, 5216, or 5217 for Indonesian ext. 5210 or 5214 for Vietnamese and ext. 5206 for Thai) between 8:30 AM to 5:30 PM Monday through Friday.To listen to TBS, tune into FM 93.1 or AM 1134. Broadcast is also available over the internet via the following website: www.radio.gov.taipei 
The Bade Commercial District will host a demo event for some of the latest virtual reality (VR) games and technologies this coming weekend!On April 30 and May 1, the organizers will invite HTC and the teams from National Taipei University of Technology to demonstrate some of the latest advancements in the field of VR. Taipei City Office of Commerce (TCOOC) Director Tsai Tsung-hsiung remarked that participants will have a chance to wear the HTC Vive VR helmets and experience hunting monsters and ocean diving. The two-day event will also see stalls offering hands-on experience with gaming products at the venue, as well as charity auctions and raffle events. There are also talk shows inviting electronic appliances experts and pro gamers to share with the audience the latest IT gadgets and how new technologies is being applied in our daily life.For more information on the VR gaming hands-on event, please visit the Chinese Facebook fan page of TCOOC: www.facebook.com/tcooc/ 
To provide users with more opportunities to experience the beauty of the city, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) is joining hands with private sector partners to offer special one-day, 24-hour, 48-hour, and 72-hour passes bundled with discount coupons for a limited time only!Between April 30 and December 31, 2016, those who purchase any of the aforementioned ticket from the information counter at MRT stations will receive a coupon pack offering admission discounts to Taipei 101s Observatory and Miramar Ferris Wheel, as well as one free box of pineapple cake and a DIY lesson. The discount coupons include (details and expiration dates are printed on the back side of the coupons):Taipei 101 Observatory Admission Discount: Coupon offers a 10-percent discount for admission tickets purchased at the 5th floor entrance to the Taipei 101 Observatory.Miramar Ferris Wheel Admission Discount: Present the discount coupon at the ticket box on the 5th Floor of Miramar Entertainment Park to purchase a special admission ticket for a Ferris wheel ride for NT$100. Voucher for Pineapple Gift Set at Vigor Kobo: Turn in the coupon at any of the 5 participating branch stores (the address of participating stores can be found on the back of the coupon) and present any of the aforementioned MRT pass to receive a 5-piece pineapple cake gift set. Stores reserve the right to replace the gift set with other merchandise if supply of the 5-piece gift set runs out.Vigor Kobo Pineapple Cake DIY Lesson: Sign up for a free class at the Wenlin Branch store (see coupon for address). One coupon required for each attendee. Advanced appointment by phone is required. Participants will need to show any of the aforementioned MRT pass and hand in the coupon to attend the class. For more information, contact TRTC via phone (TEL: 02-218-12345) or visit the companys Chinese website: http://www.metro.taipei/
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the 2016 Taipei Public and Private Elementary Schools Tasty Lunch Operation on April 27.During his address, the mayor noted that some students have no idea about the origins of the food on their plates. He hopes that the competition will educate the students on where the food they eat come from, as well as teaching them to help out with cleaning the dishes after their meals.The event, organized by the Department of Education, consists of three major categories (Tasty lunch competition for parents, faculty, and students school lunch competition and on-site evaluation of school lunchbox takeaway), allowing parents, faculty members, students, and catering services to work together to create new lunch menus with healthy choices.During the interview with media, reporters asked the mayor how long it has been since he last cooked. Ko joked that since his days in the US, he has always relied on microwave oven and havent cooked himself. Nowadays, he visits local buffet shops for his meals, having little time due to his busy schedule.The mayor noted that the price range of school lunches participating in the contest spans from NT$45 to NT$70. When asked about what he believes the ideal price for local school lunches should be, Ko replied that the decision should be left to the respective schools. Whatever the schools decides, meal plans for students from low income households will be subsidized by the government.
With Labor Day in 2016 falling on a Sunday, the Department of Labor (DOL) reminds businesses and employers in Taipei City to determine a make-up holiday to avoid violating the Enforcement Rules of the Labor Standards Act.  According to Article 23-1 of the Enforcement Rules of the Labor Standards Act, a make-up holiday shall be given when the holiday in question falls on a day which employees need not to attend work.As May 1, 2016 falls on a Sunday, companies and businesses with employees not required to work on holidays should implement the make-up holiday on the next working day or on another date based on negotiations with workers.For employees with predetermined shift schedules, the company should announce the make-up holiday for Labor Day to the respective workers beforehand to avoid misunderstanding. For workers receiving hourly wages, those working on Labor Day should be paid according to holiday rates. The amount should be NT$240 (NT$120 x 2) per hour to fulfill the requirements of labor regulations.  
To cultivate the image of Taipei as a tourist destination among travelers from the Middle East, the Department of Information and Tourism took part in the Arabian Travel Market (ATM) in Dubai between April 25 and 28.The agency will introduce three major tour routes, including Taipei Classics, Shopping and Fashion, and Natural Landscape for tourists, as well as highlighting the theme of Hot Spring Tours. Now in its 23rd year, the ATM is an international tourism event attracting related businesses from around the world. In 2015, over 26,000 buyers and 2,800 participating vendors from 86 countries attended the show, creating approximately USD 24 billion in business transactions.This year is the first time TPEDOIT participated in the showcase. Spotlighting Hot Spring Tours, the agency seeks to attract potential visitors to the citys natural resources and unique geographical environment. Taipei Citys natural hot springs surrounded by various resorts and a national park are located less than 30 minutes in travel time from the city center.In addition, Taipeis medical cosmetology is also one of its strengths, boasting top technology at affordable prices performed by friendly staff. For those who enjoy shopping, there are commercial districts of various scales, as well as major department stores such as Shin-kong Mitsukoshi and Taipei 101 shopping center.Taipei also seeks to boost its profile as Muslim-friendly Taipei. According to the 2016 Global Muslim Travel Index released my MasterCard, Taiwan is ranked 7th in the chart of non-OIC destinations  placed higher than Japan and the United States, just behind Singapore, Thailand, and England.  
To enhance foreign language capabilities of Taipeis public bus and taxi drivers, the Public Transportation Office (PTO) is expanding the size of free foreign language conversation classes for Taipeis bus and taxi drivers.This year, the agency will organize English and Japanese classes. There will be two courses for each session, starting respectively in June and August for one language and in July and September for the other language.Each course consists of 7 classes, with openings for 45 bus drivers and 30 taxi drivers. Attendees from city bus drivers and customer service personnel will be recommended by the respective bus companies. Taxi drivers are invited to register with PTO. The agency will provide course materials and CDs for students.Taxi driver applicants should bring two ID-size photos and the original copy of their taxi business license registered under the Taipei Joint Business District (Taipei City, New Taipei City, Keelung City, Taoyuan County, and Yilan County) to PTO for signing up. Registration is available during business hours Mondays through Fridays. Registration will close when all positions have been taken.Registration for the first English course sessions will start on May 2. The starting date for registration of Japanese course is slated for June 1.
Through the joint effort between the Public Works Department (PWD) and the Friends of Daan Forest Park Association, fireflies have successfully reappeared inside Daan Forest Park. This success of the firefly repopulation effort serves as an introduction to the upcoming 2016 EcoFair taking place at the park on Saturday, April 30.Parks and Street Lights Office Director Huang Li-yuan noted that for the purpose of creating a city of lights after dark, the agency has collaborated with the Friends of Daan Forest Park Association, the Society of Wilderness, and other environmental groups to implement firefly repopulation measures at locations such as Rongxing Garden Park, Cui Lake in Muzha Park, and Daan Forest Park.The repopulation effort at Daan Forest Park has been regarded as the most challenging due to the presence of large number of visitors  reaching 10,000 people daily  and intense lighting facilities.Daan Forest Park Association Director Kuo Cheng-meng noted that in the past, there used to be a Firefly Bridge near the park, indicating the presence of these beautiful creatures of lights at night. It is a great loss for the public when the weak and soft lights of these insects were replaced by neon lights and street lights. Now, with the reappearance of the fireflies, the achievement shows that creating Taipei City as an ecofriendly metropolis befitting the name Capital of Fireflies is not a farfetched dream. Kuo added that the success of firefly repopulation help Taipei win the hosting rights for the International Firefly Symposium in 2017. He expressed confidence that the experience from restoration projects implemented at the three city parks offers great learning opportunities to international participants at the upcoming event.To add to the understanding of the public on the preservation of fireflies, an Eco Fair will be held at Daan Forest Park at 4/30. The Taipei City Zoo will also have a dedicated Home of the Fireflies for exhibition. All are welcomed to attend these activities for learning more about the lives of fireflies.
The Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) organized a special fair to celebrate Earth Day and this years theme of Trees for the Earth. The event took place at Qishin Park in Beitou District on April 23.According to DEP, sustainable forest management seeks to reduce the pace of deforestation resulting from logging, clearing land for agriculture, or other purposes. Preserving our rain forest is to ensure that the planet retains its lungs for breathing.The agency pointed out that city hall has implemented measures to restrict the use of paper lunch boxes, wooden lunch boxes, paper cups, disposable chopsticks, and other single-use disposable utensils starting April 1. This policy will be expanded on August 1 to include city-affiliated agencies and schools, hoping to create an impact on our environment. At the fair, there are stalls promoting concepts of recycling and conservation including classroom on water supply/water use and Yanhui Book Warehouse. Fun activities include green roof demonstration and exchanging used batteries for tree seedlings.In addition, DEP will also introduce a series of seminars on urban gardening in April and May. To sign up for the talks, please visit the Chinese registration website: https://goo.gl/ij8Vvs
The Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) joined hands with the Friends of Daan Forest Park Foundation to organize a hands-on, tree-climbing event at the Daan Forest Park on April 24.At the event, professional tree-climbers provided participants with step-by-step instructions, allowing them to experience the fun of climbing trees while raising their awareness on environmental issues.Director of PSLO Huang Li-yuan pointed out that in addition to strong physique, professional tree-climbers need to possess a good understanding of trees to determine whether a given tree is safe for climbing. They also need to be well-trained in climbing skills to respond to possible emergencies.Tree-climbers play an important role in the agencys maintenance routine, especially for conducting operations involving trees that cannot be reached for prunning or trimming by personnel on aerial lifts. By being in physical contact with the tree, these experts can tell whether the tree is sick and which dried branches should be removed.Daan Forest Park Foundation Director Kuo Chen-meng remarked that tree-climbing as a sport has been popular for years around the world. The activity is fun, safe, and offers a great opportunity for environmental education. Through tree-climbing, participants can train their body while learning more about trees and seeing the world from an elevated perspective.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the ground-breaking ceremony for the southern site of Taipei Pop Music Center (TPMC) the on April 21.The mayor pointed out that the music center, comprising a southern site and a northern site, is a vital part of the citys East District Gateway Project. The northern site is a performance venue with a capacity for 6,000 spectators the southern site is divided into three sections, including a Hall of Fame for the exhibition of pop music history, an outdoor performance courtyard with a capacity of 3,000 seats, and an incubation center for nurturing pop music talent.Ko believes that Taiwan possesses a competitive edge in Asias pop music industry, thanks to its openness and diversity--the two traits that constitute the core of pop culture. He remarked that the establishment of TPMC aims to lay a foundation for the development of the islands music industry.According to the mayor, the new landmark not only bears the responsibility of showcasing Taipeis urban aesthetics, but the buildings architecture also takes into consideration the community development needs of Nangang District. Once completed, the center will enhance the functionality of the neighborhood, Ko reckoned.
The fireflies have made a comeback in Taipei City! Following the success of firefly conservation and repopulation project at Rongxing Garden Park and Daan Forest Park, the Public Works Department (PWD) is joining hands with Wenshan Community College, Friends of Daan Forest Park Foundation, and the Society of Wilderness to establish a firefly conservation base at Muzha Park. The project team will hold an open base event in the morning of April 23 (Saturday) at Cui Lake inside the park, inviting kids from the community and volunteers to witness the continuation of conservation efforts, hoping to transform Taipei into an eco-friendly city.Director Huang Li-yuan of Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) noted that the City has been working with the private sector, academia, and communities since it began working on firefly conservation and repopulation efforts in 2014. Many of the facility constructions undertaken at Muzha Parks Cui Lake involve eco-friendly design, such as adjusting the lakes overflow with cascades and boosting the amount of oxygen in lake water. For visitors, the agency also set up wooden walkways and platforms, as well as red lighting facilities around the lake. These measures ensure minimal impact on the environment while meeting the need of park lighting, as well as creating an ideal habitat for fireflies.According to recent surveys, the firefly population in the park has reached 500 and consists of species from the groups Luciola cerata E. Olivier and Luciola ficta. In the future, PSLO will continue working with NGOs to transform Muzha Park into a multifunctional facility perfect for leisure and environmental education.
The leading online voice for women--womany.netis collaborating with the Department of Information Technology (DOIT), the Department of Cultural Affairs (DCA), and the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) to hold events raising awareness on sexual equality in May. Spotlighting the Theme I Love Myself--Big Women Generation, the campaign seeks to highlight womens rights from the perspective of technology, culture, and marketing. Gender HackathonWomany X DOITEmploying technology to address gender issues Date: May 21-22Being the first event of its kind in the Chinese world, the two-day-long hackathon invites tech talents to develop innovative solutions to gender problems facing Taiwan today. Materials will be based on a survey from 3,000 respondents  80 percent of whom have encountered unpleasant experience related to gender issues. To register," please visit https://525.womany.net/2016/codeforgender (Chinese)Big Womens Room ExhibitionWomany X DCAEchoing 2016 World Design Capital Date: May18-June 10 Venue: Champs-lyses Plaza Echoing renowned British writer Virginia Woolfs belief that ""a woman must have money and a room of her own if she is to write fiction", the Big Womens Room Exhibition will present works incorporating the theme colors of the 2016 World Design Capital. The yellow room showcases musings of women in the course of writing and other creation activities. The red room displays womens passion in pursuit of their dreams. The blue room exhibits womens touching stories. Whats more, a purple light show will take the stage over weekends. Big Women Generation EventWomany X TPEDOITDrumming up support for gender equalityDate: May 28Venue: Civic Square in front of City HallThe campaign will reach a climax starting 2:30 PM on May 28 when six stage activities take place at the civic square. The event will feature 15 teams comprising prominent figures from business, entertainment, sports, education, and design world. The festival, sponsored by TPEDOIT, aims to draw the attention of tourists to learn about the islands concern for women through speeches, interactive sessions, and art installations.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the city governments public safety supervision conference on April 20. The meeting began with awards presentation to district and borough chiefs who showed outstanding performances in promoting fire alarm installations at local households. The mayor called upon the agencies to continue their support of the campaign in the interest to reduce casualties during fires.During the department briefings, the Department of Health (DOH) pointed out that based on past experience, the City should prepare itself for the spread of enterovirus on a larger scale every three to four years. This year happens to be on a peak of such cycles, inevitably putting much pressure on prevention works. DOH noted that in addition to strengthening health education and promotion efforts at schools and public areas, it also suggested the pediatric department at local hospitals to plan isolated outpatient areas for enterovirus patients, as well as to reexamine measures to be taken during possible pandemics. The mayor believes that any class with two or more confirmed cases should be canceled, but class cancellation may have impact upon households with working parents. Parents sending children to day care centers may be a possible solution.He also pointed out that class cancellation reporting back measures and promotion efforts related with cram schools and day care centers remain to be strengthened.
The Construction Management Office (CMO) announced that an old building health check program will accept applications starting April 25, 2016. The project seeks to promote proactive building maintenance to improve structural safety of the citys aging buildings.According to CMO, edifices with construction permit issued before December 31, 1999 are qualified for the scheme. The project will be executed in three years. This year the agency plans to take an active role in examining the health of the following buildings: soft-story buildings (three-floor or higher) buildings located near Taipeis 27 disaster recue roads buildings damaged in 921 or 331 earthquakes buildings situated on fault lines or in soil liquefaction areas and public housing units. An estimated 7,500 buildings will undergo earthquake resistance capability assessment by the end of 2016. In the case where checkup indicates the necessity to reinforce or demolish the examined structures, owners of the buildings may conduct reinforcement or reconstruction projects by themselves, in compliance with Building Act, or apply for government subsidies following urban renewal guidelines. Potential applicants should be building owners or building management committees. Applications must be made by October, 2016. In the case when no management organization exists, a representative of the housing can apply after obtaining the approval from over half of the property owners. To apply, please download related forms from the Old Building Health Check section on the Chinese CMO website:(http://dba.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=176035418&ctNode=68167&mp=118021). Complete the documents and submit them to the service counter of CMO in person or through mail (mailing address: 1F, No.1, City Hall Road). 
The Animal Protection Office (APO) is collaborating with the Bat Conservation Society of Taipei to organize the 2016 Good Luck Bat Activity at the agency this Sunday! For the event, the organizers invited French sound artist Yannick to share with the audience a work comprising voices of nature, urban life, and industrial parks with the noises made by bats. There will also be talk shows on bat habitats and tips on how to observe bats, allowing visitors to obtain more knowledge on the bats of Taipei.According to the agency, bats are usually active at the turn of the season with temperatures rising. The best time to observe bat activities are during dawn and dusk, when they are out seeking preys.The event will start at 2:30 PM on Sunday, April 24. APO reminds those interested should sign up online for the event.For more information or registration, please visit the website of the Bat Conservation Society of Taipei (http://www.batinfo.org)(Chinese).
Songshan District Health Center will be conducting a free adult health examination at Minquan Community Center from 8 AM to 11 AM on April 23. The center is working in cooperation with Taipei City Hospitals Zhongxiao and Kunming campuses, Chang Gung Memorial Hospital, and Xinfu Mobile Mammography Service.The physical check-up items include measuring of blood pressure, glucose, and blood lipids levels screening tests for cervical, colorectal, oral, and breast cancers as well as chest X-ray. Eligible residents who are interested in participating should bring their ID card, Health Insurance Card, and EasyCard. A six-to-eight-hour fasting is mandatory for the blood test. Individuals will receive a souvenir after completing the integrated health screening. Songshan District Health Center, in addition to providing citizens with free and convenient health check-up by coordinating community medical resources, also offers relevant medical information and referral service to those diagnosed with diseases.Another health examination session will take place at Xinju Community Center from 8 AM to 11 AM on May 7. Residents should not miss out on the opportunity to have free health checkups. To learn more about the medical program, please dial 02-27671757, ext. 6035 or visit the website of the center http://www.sshc.gov.taipei/ (Chinese). According to statistics from 2014, the first three places among the top ten causes of death in Taipei are dominated by malign tumors, heart illnesses, and Cerebrovascular diseases, while diabetes, nephritis and hypertension-related diseases take up the fifth, seventh, and eighth places.
The 2016 Zhongzi-wrapping Cultural Festival will be held between 2 PM and 5 PM at Wunchang Temple on May 7. According to Zhongshan District Office (ZSDO) Director Lee, the Dragon Boat Festival takes place each year either during the month of May or June. The deity worshipped at Taipei Wunchang Temple is the patron of examinees, whose blessing helps test-taking students achieve their goals. This year, ZSDO is joining Wunchang Temple to hold the Zhongzi-wrapping Cultural Festival, inviting students and their parents to come and experience the fun of wrapping zhongzi, as well as receiving divine blessings for a better chance at the exam and celebrate the upcoming Dragon Boat Festival.The organizers invite middle school and high school students to sign up for the event. Registrations are accepted starting 9 AM on Monday, April 25.A total of 100 positions are available for the public. To register, please phone, email, or fax ZSDO. The registration form can be downloaded from the district offices website. After submission via email or fax, please call the district office to confirm.For more information, please visit the Chinese website of ZSDO (http://zsdo.gov.taipei/) or call the office (2503-1369, ext. 592 Ms. Huang).
To strengthen green awareness, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) announced that four major local supermarket chains will join the ranks of providers of reusable shopping-turned-trash bags starting April. The new policy aims at encouraging consumers to purchase shopping bags that can be reused as government-approved trash bags for disposing ofhousehold waste. According to DEP Commissioner Liou Ming-lone, the city government has been spearheading the campaign to reduce waste over the years by urging residents to prepare their own shopping bags and reusable cutlery. Following the introduction of reusable plastic shopping-turned-trash bags at a number of stores in 2014, the agency has teamed up with Pxmart, Carrefour, RT-MART, and A.mart this year to expand the scale of policy implementation. The recyclable bag available at the retail markets has a capacity of 14 liters, measures 0.025 millimeters in thickness, and is priced at NT$5 per bagthe same with the government-approved trash bags. Thinner than designated plastic bags by 41.7 percent, the bag not only contributes to reducing plastic use, but also helps consumers save money.DEP noted that the policy will be expanded in the future to incorporate more convenience stores and retailers, hoping to eventually combine shopping bags with household trash bags and thus alleviating some pressure off our environment.  
The renovated Zhongzheng District Sports Center opened its doors to the public following renovations on April 17.To provide residents with better environment for exercising and quality service, the Zhongzheng District Sports Center underwent a 6-month-long overhaul after temporarily closing its doors on October 6, 2015.According to Department of Sports (DOS), Zhongzheng District Sports Office has provided the residents of the neighborhood diverse and affordable options for sports and exercise activities while maintaining a safe and comfortable environment since its opening in 2006. After the renewal, visitors will have access to new facilities, including spinning bike classroom, TRX classroom, and aeroyoga classroom, as well as pool soccer activities. Furthermore, there is also a Kids fitness classroom targeting children between the age of 3 and 6. The center is open from 6 AM to 10 PM.For more information on the courses available at the center and class registration process, please visit the sport centers Chinese website (http://www.tpejjsports.com.tw) or call the customer service hotline (TEL:02-2396-3358).
Do you know that there is a secret garden tucked away near Yuanshan that boasts tens of thousands of roses coming in over 600 varieties? The Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) invites the public to relish in a season of blooming roses combined with artistic installations at the Xinsheng Rose Garden. The English roses at the east area and French roses at the west area of Xinsheng Rose Garden are gradually blossoming. The 60 species of climbing roses, a rarely-seen exhibit zone of such rose clusters, is expected to reach full bloom around mid-April.PSLO touted that the floral garden is not only home to some of the most unique rose species, but also houses a great number of landscaping designs and installations, serving as prime spots for shooting wedding photos. These include floral trails, heart-shaped flower wreaths, floral arches, Greek pavilions, canopies, and more.The flowering season of roses, postponed for two weeks due to cold weather damages, will run from mid-April through April 21. Artworks with the theme of roses by National Taiwan Normal University students will also be showcased against the backdrop of the flower sea. Xinsheng Rose GardenOpening Hours: 7 AM to 6 PMTransportation: MRT: Disembark at MRT Yuanshan Station and walk along Yuanshan Park and Taipei Fine Arts Park to reach Xinsheng Park.Bus:Minzu E. Rd. Stop: 279, 285, 606, 685, R34 (Holiday), 109 (Holiday)Xinsheng Park Stop: 285, R50, 665, M9 (Weekday)Xinsheng Park (Lin An Tai Historical House) Stop: 72, 222, 527, M9 (Weekday), R34 (Holiday)YouBike: Ride from YouBike rental station at MRT Yuanshan Station Exit 2 to Lin An Tai Historical House. 
In a move towards the implementation of Taipeis City Garden Vision, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening ceremony for an organic rooftop garden at Taipei City Hospital Renai Campus on April 14.During his address, the mayor noted that building Taipei into a Garden City is one of the policies of the city government. During the planning stage of the policy, the City hopes to begin implementation with schools and public agencies  extending it further into the private sector upon success.He expressed his gratitude to former mayor Huang Ta-chou, Taipei City Hospital Renai Campus, and Chi-Seng Water Management Research and Development Foundation for their efforts in creating the garden.The mayor noted that he has visited many rooftop gardens in major cities across the world such as ones in London, Paris, and Tokyo. There are a number of benefits in expanding greens on rooftops, including eating the crops raised with your own hands without being worried about safety having employees work together on the plot in physical labor and lowering building temperature through the shading provided by the greens during summertime. Ko noted that the general direction of the Garden City policy is correct, since it provides many benefits. He appointed Huang as the head coach of the project, hoping the former mayors involvement and his connections will help make this policy a success.
With the advent of an aging society, the Department of Social Welfare has teamed up with Department of Information Technology to launch a new website aimed at encouraging exercise among the growing senior population in Taipei.A press event was held on April 13 to announce the new Chinese website Sports Circle for the Elderly (eldermov.taipei), offering information on a variety of sports classes provided by Sports, Health, Education, and Civil Affairs departments. As many as 200 courses spanning the categories of balls, yoga, dance, and healthcare are available on the online platform. The texts are presented in large fonts with mobile layouts to enhance readability for the elderly.Users can also look for available programs taking place near their home via the advanced search function. The website, interfaced with social media, allows participants to share their opinions about the courses with friends. According to experienced, senior-specific sport instructor Chiu Bo-hao, safe, effective, and fun constitutes the principle of physical activities suitable for the elderly. Classes will be designed to meet the different needs of participants while seeking to bring maximum health effects to individuals through group exercise. 
The opening ceremony for the Taipei Volunteer Service Promotion Center (TVSPC) was held in the morning of April 14. The institution is commissioned by the Department of Social Welfare (DSW) to the Red Cross Society of the ROC.Dignitaries presiding over the opening ceremony include DWS Commissioner Hsu Li-min and Red Cross Society President Wang Ching-feng.The core value of the TVSPC is Volunteer Taipei, seeking collaboration with private enterprises to implement the concept of TimeBanking. Through the accumulation of time credits via volunteering, the institution hopes to encourage the public to actively participate in volunteer activities. This will also help to promote a stronger sense of belonging to the community and strengthen the idea of belonging.In the future, TVSPC will concentrate on integrating services and nurturing talents. In addition to establishing volunteer teams with different fields of expertise, it will also invest much effort in seeking, training, and awarding volunteers, hoping to build a professional volunteer network with strong community ties.For more information on TVSPC and volunteer opportunities, please call the designated hotline (TEL: 02-2302-3993).
To encourage singles to expand their circle of friends and meet potential romantic interests, the Department of Civil Affairs (DCA) announced a series of singles events starting May. Online application deadline for the first two sessions is April 28.A total of 8 singles events sponsored by DCA have been planned for 2016. The majority of the sessions will accommodate 100 individuals. Among these, two sessions will focus on the themes Chinese Valentines Day and Moon Festival, with room for 160 individuals each.Civil Affairs Commissioner Lan Shih-tsung noted that given the fast-paced and busy life styles of urban dwellers, many singles believe that love is hard to find. However, he believes that if singles are willing to give themselves a chance and take part in these events, they might find romance is only a short distance away.Registration for the first two sessions is available starting today. Qualified applicants should be singles twenty-years-old or above, who either work, study, or are domiciled in Taipei.For more information, please visit the Chinese activity website (http://www.simplelove.taipei/) or call the information hotline for the event (TEL: 02-2960-1314).
The Animal Protection Office (APO) announced that it is launching the Stray Animal Stars program in collaboration with the Taiwan Dr. Dogs during a press event on April 11. A total of 20 to 30 canines with potentials to become therapy dogs will be selected from Neihus Taipei Animal Shelter and undergo training in 2016. The program will incorporate strays adoption procedures based on those from countries with strict standards for matchmaking animals with households. Professional trainers will then help the dogs adapt to a new domestic life, seeking to increase successful adoption rates. To show his support for the program as part of his objective to build Taipei into an animal-friendly metropolis, Mayor Ko Wen-je joined eight dog doctors at a promotional clip filming session, featuring the furry companions demonstrating their skills at providing medical assistance neither humans nor equipment can accomplish. (https://youtu.be/u6LXfPNrBXY)During the press event, Dr. Ko also took part in a session performing Animal Assisted Therapy with his canine counterparts, involving muscle coordination, finger dexterity enhancement, cognitive functioning, among others. The therapy dog program not only helps strays find happiness in a new home, but also helps to alleviate the shortage of senior care and rehabilitation personnel, the mayor noted.APO Director Yen Yi-feng reckoned that hopefully the program will allow the public to recognize the value of strays and promote the concept of Adoption, Cultivation, and Zero Abandonment. Considering the scale of the initiative, APO plans to draw private resources through online platforms into the implementation of the program. 
To ensure that foreign visitors in Taipei can more easily identify the names of MRT stations, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) unveiled a new set of guidelines for labeling existing MRT stations. If approved, the company expects to implement the new scheme before August 2017.TRTC indicated that the current scheme consists of individual station names displayed in Chinese and English. To further help travelers new to Taipeis metro system facilitate identifying their respective destinations on the MRT route map, the company has carried out improvement strategy research since 2015.Part of the research effort included online discussions posted on Taipei City Government Online City Affairs Discussion Board. Opinions and suggestions from online users were collected at the site between November 29, 2015 and January 29, 2016.An analysis of the 143 opinions collected indicated that those in favor of adding ID numbers to stations accounted for 53.9-percent of respondents, while those against the idea accounted for 43.5-percent of the total.Among the opinions which supported the policy of adding ID numbers to the station, 51.6-percent supported Alphabet with number, while 43.6-percent supported MRT route number with station number. In line with the majority of opinions, the new scheme will comprise of Alphabet + Number, where the number is arranged in the order of south to north and west to east. For example, MRT Xindian Station on the Xindian Line is labeled G01 (G for Green Line and 01 for its position on the line). On the other hand, MRT Songshan Station is G19, identifying it as the 19th station on the line.The estimated cost for replacing all the signs and maps at the existing 117 MRT stations is NT$30 million.For more information, please visit the Chinese website of TRTC (http://www.metro.taipei/) or call the TRTC 24-hour Customer Hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345).
In an effort to tap into the ASEAN tourism market, Commissioner Chien Yu-yen of Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) met with a group comprising media and travel agency representatives from members of ASEAN on April 10. The delegation is visiting Taipei to promote the city. According to the recently released MasterCard-Crescent Rating Global Muslim Travel Index 2016, Taiwan climbed three places to seventh place in the top 10 non-OIC (The Organization of Islamic Cooperation) destinations, outperforming Japan and the United States.The result indicates that Taipeis measuressuch as increasing the number of Halal restaurants and hotels, prayer facilities, as well as providing Muslim-friendly itineraries to boost its appeal to Muslim tourists--have paid off. Building on the citys initiative to lure tourists from Malaysia and Singapore in 2015, TPEDOIT will continue its effort by conducting promotional activities in Vietnam, Indonesia, and Thailand in 2016. The agency seeks to raise Taipeis profile in the tourism industry of Southeast Asian countries. At the invitation of Taiwan Brilliant Tourism Association, the visiting group will tour Taipei, Taichung, Tainan, Kaohsiung, and Hualien during their six-day stay on the island. Chien took the opportunity to market the capitals appeal merging the new and the old, be it Dadaocheng, Ximending, or Xinyi Commercial District. The visitors were also impressed by local cuisines, as well as Taipeis convenient transportation network.   ASEAN member countries--consisting of Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam, Indonesia, Cambodia, Brunei, Laos, and Myanmarhave a combined population of 6 billion and GDP of $2.6 trillion. As the seventh biggest economy in the world, ASEAN has become a much sought-after outbound travel market.
The 2016 Wanan 39 Air Raid Drill will take place on 1:30 PM on Monday, April 18.Between 1:30 PM and 2 PM, evacuation will take effect for the entire northern Taiwan (as far as Hsinchu and Yilan). Pedestrians and vehicles at outdoor areas should follow evacuation instructions of police, military, and evacuation personnel to seek shelter and vacate the roads. Those indoors should shut all windows and doors, turn off power and gas, and comply with regulations under the Civil Defense Act. During this period, Taipei City Government will be conducting a 30-minute drill to test the preparedness of the Citys civil defense measures. In addition to standard briefing by the police department at the Emergency Operations Center (EOC), the supervising officer from the Wanan Air Raid Drill headquarters will observe the effectiveness of evacuation orders from high magnification telescopes placed by the EOC on the 95th floor of Taipei 101 and inspect drill execution at city hall.In light of preparation works for the drill, the section of City Hall Road between Songgao Road and Songshou Road, as well as New Renai Road, will be closed to traffic between 1 PM and 3 PM on April 14 and April 15.
The firefly season has arrived! Taipei Zoo is launching its annual firefly watching tours in April. Parents are encouraged to take their kids for the rare opportunity to see the swarms of glittering insects.Being popular subjects of childrens songs, the lightning bugs have been a natural wonder due to their glows. What do we know about these luminous little fairies? Why do they sparkle like stars? What habitat suits them best? What can we do to conserve the precious species?Taipei Zoo, with convenient transportation links and sound arrangement, offers kids residing in the city an ideal place for environmental education. The Insect Exploration Valley behind Insectarium of Taipei Zoo boasts a great number of fireflies, thanks to its environment and the Zoos policy to avoid the use of pesticide. Through the interactive sessions during the firefly-viewing tours, Taipei Zoo hopes to disseminate knowledge about the insect and raise awareness on the importance of protecting the environment.The program runs from April 23 through May 8 during the night on weekends. Online registration starts 9 AM on Saturday, April 9. There are only 40 openings for each session (including four for low-income households), so sign up quickly! For more information about the program, please visit the Chinese website of Taipei Zoo at http://www.zoo.gov.tw 
Located in Neihu District, the Neigouxi Ecological Exhibition Hall boasts a vibrant ecosystem, surrounded by greens and water. The center is an ideal place to conduct outdoor classes on the natural environment.The first classes for the 2016 Neigouxi Ecology Course will kick off on April 30 with Discover the Star of Neigouxi. The Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) welcomes students in elementary schools (or older) and their parents to attend the class and uncover the star of Neigouxi!The first class will be held at the Neigouxi Ecological Exhibition Center and is free for all participants. Come and observe the natural landscape in the area by exploring stone walls eroded by wind and listen to stories on animals and plants in the area.According to the agency, the Neigouxi area used to rest on the seafloor 20 million years ago. However, due to plate tectonic activities, it became the landscape we see today. In the early periods, Neigouxi was covered by primitive forest and home to a rich variety of lifeforms. While it has become a destination for a short outing for city dwellers today, we can still see the traces of previous glories in the area with a diverse ecosystem. There will be two class sessions on April 30  one from 9 AM to noon and another from 1:30 Pm through 4:30 PM. For those who wish to attend the class, please register online starting at noon on April 8. For more information, please visit the official blog of Neigouxi Ecological Exhibition Center at: http://geneigousi.blogspot.tw/ (Chinese)Neigouxi Ecological Exhibition HallAddress: No. 236-3, Kangle Street, Neihu DistrictBuses: Routes 630, 287, 281, 903, 646, and 53 (15 min. walk after disembarking at Zhong 3rd Street stop) S1 (bus stops upon demand)MRT: Take S1 or 281 after disembarking at MRT Kunyang Station or MRT Donghu Station Take buses 287, 630, 903, or S1 after disembarking at MRT Huzhou Station  
To promote the Farm City initiative, the Department of Economic Development (DED) will launch a series of lectures on household vegetable and flower cultivation at Huai Sheng Junior High School in April. According to DED, a total of 105 classes spanning various themes will be held from April through December, inviting experts in the field of agriculture or floriculture to give tutorials. Hopefully, residents will develop an interest in greening their balconies, rooftops, and idle spaces in their communities through the gardening education program. The classes will take place at the gymnasium (greening classroom) of Huai Sheng Junior High School (Address: No. 30, Ln. 248, Sec. 3, Zhongxiao E. Rd.). Registration is available via calling (TEL: 02-2731-8214) or email service@topgreen.org.tw. Please visit www.topgreen.org.tw (Chinese) for more information. Note: ID documents are required when attending the class for school safety reasons. Detailed Introduction on Courses in AprilDateTopicContentTutorNoteApril 9 (Sat.)9:30 AM - 11:30 AMHousehold organic vegetable cultivation and seedling growing managementIntroducing vegetable traits and methods of cultivationLiu Guang-chuanApril 9 (Sat.)2:30 PM - 4:30 PMLearning about ornamental plants, soil, watering, and fertilizationKnowledge about the most basic gardening techniques--watering and fertilization Fan Yang-huangDemonstration on planting arrangementsApril 12 (Tue.)2:30 PM - 4:30 PMHousehold organic vegetable cultivation and seedling growing managementIntroducing vegetable traits and methods of cultivationLiu Guang-chuanApril 16 (Sat.)9:30 AM - 11:30 AMCommon vegetable pests and diseasesTips to deal with vegetable pests and diseasesLu Li-chuanApril 16 (Sat.)2:30 PM - 4:30 PMMoth orchids growing guideMoth orchids growing and care tips for households Chen Shao-pingHands-on demonstrationApril 19 (Tue.)2:30 PM - 4:30 PMAquaponicsintroduction and hands-on experience Introducing the delicate relationship between aquatic animals and plants in a symbiotic environment, allowing participants to taste the plants they grow themselvesLiao Chung-tingHands-on demonstrationApril 23 (Sat.)9:30 AM - 11:30 AMIntroduction to vegetable gardening tools and materialsChoosing the right supplies is the key to successful vegetable gardening.Shen Chi-chengApril 23 (Sat.)2:30 PM - 4:30 PMUrban farmings healing effectsRaising vegetables or flowers in urban areas helps relieve pressure.Chung Hsiu-mei April 26 (Tue.)2:30 PM - 4:30 PMAquaponicsmanagement and pest prevention Introducing the aquaponics system and biological pest controlLiao Chung-tingApril 30 (Sat.)9:30 AM - 11:30 AMHousehold organic vegetable cultivation and seedling growing managementIntroducing vegetable traits and methods of cultivationLiu Guang-chuanApril 30 (Sat.)2:30 PM - 4:30 PMMoth orchids growing guideMoth orchids growing and care tips for householdsChen Shao-pingHands-on demonstration 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a seminar and concert held in commemoration of Freedom of Speech Day and in memory of Cheng Nan-jung on April 6.During his address, Ko pointed out that the Freedom of Speech Day is not only to remember Cheng, but also to remember a period in history which people in their 50s can recall, an era characterized by white terror or the rule under the past authoritative regime.  Referring to the old joke of a conversation among three dogs, Ko reminded listeners that despite the liberty of people to say what they want today, we should not forget that the freedom of speech which we take for granted is something unattainable during a different age. Recalling the prevalent fear of the Taiwan Garrison Command from his childhood years, Ko stressed that freedom is not something taken for granted. Those from his generation have been taught to listen but not to speak and keep away from politics.The freedom of speech we enjoy today is the result of sacrifices made by numerous forerunners, including Cheng. He also reminded the public that while freedom of speech is like breathing for us today, we should not forget what our responsibilities are. With so many media and online message boards, we have an abundance of rumors, which he referred to as the side effects of freedom of speech. However, the mayor believes that this is a necessary pain in the process of the nations development.Recalling a conversation he had with a representative from Arizona during his recent US visit, Ko said that the individual supported Taiwan because he was infuriated by being unable to access social media such as facebook, google, and LINE during his visit to China.Ko concluded by expressing his hope for this generation in continuing the advancement of the freedom of speech, which was acquired through the efforts of our predecessors.
Nangang Sports Center reopened to the public on April 3, following a four-month-long renovation project starting December in 2015. The re-opening ceremony, hosted by sports anchor Chang Li-chun, took place with much fanfare through freestyle basketball performances by MBA Street Ball.According to the Department of Sports, Nangang Sports Center is the second public sports facility in Taipei to be refurbished under the ROT (Rehabilitate, Operate, and Transfer) model--directing private investment into renovation and equipment procurement for the facility. To meet the diversified needs of residents, the underused golf driving range on the 5th floor has been transformed into a spacious fitness classroom, while the workout center on the second floor has seen room expansion and acquisition of new equipment. The main characteristic of Nangang Sports Centerthe scuba poolhas also been installed with a heating system, allowing diving enthusiasts to enjoy the sport in winter. In addition to facility enhancements, Nangang Sports Center will join other district sports centers in rolling out all sorts of exercise classes, health lectures, and competitions, in line with the citys policy. The Center will also take an active role in nurturing athletic talent, as well as promoting physical education, to further the aim of building Taipei into a sporty and healthy city. Nangang Sports Center offers free admission during the trial period running from April 1 through 7. The center is open between 8 AM and 8 PM during this period.The facility will officially open for business on April 8. To learn more, please visit https://ngsc.cyc.org.tw/IISystem/Portal/ngsc/ (Chinese) or call (02)2653-2279.  
The New Construction Office (NCO) announced that the deadline for submissions to the Beimen Photography Contest will be extended to April 29! Photography enthusiasts are encouraged to take advantage of this opportunity to submit their works.According to the agency, the original submission dates for the contest was from March 15 to April 15. However, considering the rainy weather of Taipei in recent weeks, the NCO decided to postpone the deadline of the competition to offer enthusiasts more time to produce outstanding photos.With the exception of employees from the Public Works Department of Taipei City Government, the contest is open to the public regardless of age and nationality. Works best depicting scenes from before the dismantling of the Zhongxiao Bridge ramp, during the removal, and after the removal of the ramp will be selected by the jury panel in early May based on criteria such as asthetics and themes. A total of three gold medal winners (1 trophy and NT$50,000 cash prize each), three silver medal winners (1 trophy and NT$30,000 cash prize each), three bronze medal winners (1 trophy and NT$20,000 cash prize each), ten outstanding award winners (1 certificate and NT$5,000 cash prize each), and fifteen honorable mention winners (1 certificate and NT$3,000 cash prize each), and twenty five special mention prizes (1 certificate and NT$2,000 each) will be selected. Total prize money is NT$440,000.The results of the contest will be announced during an awards ceremony and photo exhibition at the first floor lobby of city hall on May 21.  Details on the contest and submission forms can be downloaded from the Chinese website of NCO: http://nco.gov.taipei 
The Discovery Center of Taipei will be presenting the Childrens Fun World every Saturday from April 2 through May 15 to celebrate the family-themed months!  As an educational center dedicated to introducing Taipei, Discovery Center will tell the stories of the capital through childrens dramas, storytelling, drawing lessons, among a variety of other activities.The Taipei Stories Drama, presented by Apple Theater, will be performed live on April 2, April 5, and May 8 and aired as a repertory on every Saturday and Sunday. There will be 19 sessions for free viewing.Whats more, popular figures from momo TV will appear at the facility to join kids in singing and dancing activities as well as telling the tales of Taipei on April 16. Well-known illustrators such as Mr.D, Shirley Chiang, XS, Jhanpao will also show up on April 10, April 17, April 24, May 1, and May 15 to give tutorials on how to how to create illustrations depicting Taipei in its different facets.  To learn more about the Childrens Fun World event, please visit the Chinese website of Discovery Center of Taipei at http://discovery.gov.taipei/ or dial 1999 Citizen Hotline, ext. 8629.
Taipei Zoo will be marking Childrens Day with a fair highlighting animal conservation on April 2 along with the airing of a documentary about the islands black kites for disadvantaged kids.In collaboration with the Zoological Society of Taipei, Taipei Zoo has been holding activities to raise awareness on conservation of endangered western lowland gorillas since gorilla BaoBao was introduced to the island in 1987.As Taipei Zoo celebrates the 31st birthday of BaoBao this year, the institution has signed up in the western lowland gorilla reproduction program by European Association of Zoos and Aquaria (EAZA), hoping to help BaoBao find his mate. Currently enrolled in the western lowland gorilla living space improvement project, BaoBao has yet to be allowed to meet the public with advice from experts in the field.  The gorilla conservation activities include quiz sessions, badge DIY, pen holder DIY, paper cap DIY, CPR and AED hands-on experience, second-hand cell phones recycling, and animal adoption.The decline of the number of black kitesa bird of prey--also requires public attention as their lives are threatened by the way farmers grow red beans. The use of agricultural chemicals in red bean fields leads to the death of sparrows and turtledoves, the poisoned bodies of which are then eaten by the raptors  In light of this, Taipei Zoo will team up with Department of Social Welfare to air the documentary Fly, Kite Fly to underline the predicament facing the black kites. Director Liang Chieh-te will be sharing with a group of disadvantaged kids on the messages the film seeks to conveythe importance of harmonious coexistence between human beings and nature.Taipei Zoo: http://www.zoo.gov.tw/ (Chinese)
To promote the Adopt, not Buy policy, Animal Protection Office (APO) will be setting up booth (No. 500) at 2016 Taipei Pets Fair at Taipei World Trade Center Hall 3 between April 1 and 4.APO invites those who are looking for a furry companion to visit the citys booth and bring home with them sheltered cats or dogs. The event also offers a rare opportunity for individuals interested in keeping a detector dog that is well-trained and highly sociable. As an incentive, those who successfully adopt a furry friend at the fair will receive a package of discounts to services offered by the city government. These include free microchip implant, pet registration, pet passport, neutering vouchers, and Taipei Happy Dog/Cat VIP Cardwhich grants the pet owner with a shot of polyvalent vaccine and rabies vaccine, as well as anti-parasite medication within three years. In addition to encouraging those looking for pets to adopt homeless animals, APO also designed five fun-packed activities to raise public awareness on animal protection and tips for raising cats or dogs. Visitors who have accomplished all challenges at the activities will receive a goodies bag.The event also features Pet Classroom events to educate pet owners on the correct attitude towards keeping pets, as well as providing them knowledge about pet behaviors. These classes will be conducted by experts from Taipei Cat and Dog School.  
To celebrate Childrens Day, Taipei Childrens Amusement Park (TCAP) will be offering free rides to four park facilities to disabled visitors and individuals from low income households between April 2 and 5. Individuals taking advantage of this opportunity should bring government-issued certificate of either low income household or disability status to the parks visitor information center to exchange for free-ride vouchers to the four designated facilities.Each qualified individual can pick up one voucher per day IN PERSON. The voucher is only valid for the day.Members of Taipei Citys low income households are eligible for purchasing concessionary tickets for admission (NT$15). Those from other municipalities can purchase park admission tickets for NT$30. Disabled individuals from across the island can enjoy free admission with government-issued certificate.On Monday, April 4, all elementary school students or younger children can enjoy free admission to TCAP with their Childrens Month pamphlet, digital student ID, regular student ID, NHI card, or other similar ID documents. One accompanying adult can also enjoy free admission.TCAP is also collaborating with nearby Taipei Astronomical Museum and National Taiwan Science Education Center to offer discounts on admission to the respective institutions through activities.For more information, please visit the Chinese website of TCAP (http://www.tcap.taipei/) or call the 24-hour customer service hotline of Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizen Hotline.
With Mothers Day approaching and expected rise in demands for cosmetic products, the Department of Health (DOH) advises consumers to be cautious of exaggerated and misleading claims in cosmetic advertisements.DOH warns that products claiming to rival aesthetic medicine, contain herbal medicine, mimic micro plastic surgery, stimulate collagen production, or have face/body sculpting effects are regarded as false advertising.Article 24 in the Statute for Control of Cosmetic Hygiene stipulates that Before publicizing or advertising any cosmetic product, the manufacturer or dealer shall first submit to the central, municipal or county/city competent health authorities for its approval of all the text and pictures contained therein and shall subsequently present the approval letter or certificate to the mass communication institutions concerned for their examination. Any person who violates the provision shall be imposed a fine of no more than NT$ 50,000.DOH reminds consumers to look for the valid license number on the cosmetic product in question. The license, displayed in a format of TAIPEI-HEALTH-COMMERCIAL-No. YYMMXXXX, clearly indicates the year (YY) and month (MM) of when the license was issued, as well as the serial number (XXXX) of the item.According to DOH, a total of 10,197 cosmetic advertisements from 10,233 applications were approved following examination and audit by the agency in 2015.To learn more about regulations governing cosmetic advertising and related inquiries, please visit the Chinese website of DOH http://health.gov.taipei or call 1999 Citizen Hotline, Ext. 7072.  
In light of the recent incident involving the random slaying of a young child in Neihu District, the Police Department (TCPD) will implement measures to strengthen neighborhood security including strengthening patrols at key locations in communities and thoroughfares, boosting presence of police officers in public areas, and working with local neighborhoods and communities.  To prevent helpless children from becoming likely victims of random assaults, TCPD reminds parents to stay alert when strangers approach and pay attention to the safety of their children when at public places.Other preventive measures include:1.	Parents should minimize engaging in activities that might divert their attention from their kids (such as reading ones smartphone or chatting with others).2.	Teach kids to holler and attract the attention of other people when contacted by unknown strangers and flee immediately.3.	In case of emergency, run to places with lots of people or escape to stores and households to seek help. If at public places, seek help from police or personnel at the information desk.4.	Kids should never be left alone and should be accompanied by others on their way to and from school.5.	When walking, avoid alleys and keep to main streets with lots of pedestrians.6.	Do not accept any presents from strangers without the consent of parents. Always refuse offers of gifts or invitations to games from unknown others.7.	When approached by strangers seeking help or asking for directions, refuse or ask them to acquire assistance from other adults.If you notice suspicious individuals, activities, or facing immediate danger, call 110 or 113 immediately.For more information, please visit the Chinese website of TCPD Womens and Childrens Protection Division (http://wpd.police.taipei/) and http://edu.cpc.org.tw/06L/L01.htm (Chinese). 
The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) announced that the citys sponsorship program for MICE events will accept applications between April 1 and 30, with up to NT$1 million in funding.  For the first time, the program will subsidize organizers who incorporate Taipeis tourist information into activity websites, develop mobile apps, use online registration systems, or employ other intelligent applications. The move seeks to promote the concepts of sustainability and green energy, brought upon by the trend of digitization in line with the citys Smart City initiative.    According to TPEDOIT, the categories under the sponsorship program include international conferences, international exhibitions, incentive travel, and soliciting international meetingsto take place in Taipeiin addition to the newly added utilization of smart equipment.The agency also provides funds for holding theme dinners, marketing Taipeis snack souvenirs, visiting cultural performances, and selecting unique MICE locations. Whats more, the sponsorship package comes with landmark Taipei 101s Observatory tickets, Taipei Pass One Day Pass, limited edition EasyCard sets, other city-themed souvenirs, Taipei Free access accounts, coupon brochures, administrative assistance, and morehoping to impress visitors with the diverse facets and convenience Taipei has to offer.  TPEDOIT noted that the fund granted will be the call of an evaluation committee based on the scale and influential potential of the event. To apply, please visit www.tpedoit.gov.taipei for the application form or to learn more about the program.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the celebration commemorating the 20th-year anniversary for the Citys MRT network. He noted that in the past, Taipeis metro system has created an impressive record. There are many things to be accomplished as we look into the future, noted the mayor, and he hopes that everyone can continue building upon past success.Ko remarked that the Muzha Line began operations on March 28, 1996. The MRT not only changed the way Taipei residents live, but also contributed to raising the living standards of locals  and even played an important role in altering the urban landscape. Equally as important is the creation of an MRT culture  things like standing to one side of the escalator to allow people who are short on time to walk by.He also recalled scenes where many passengers avoid the priority seats, allowing elderly people with white hair occupying these seats. This shows that due to this MRT culture, Taipei has developed a set of morale-based enforcement capabilities. He recalled an incident where he was stopped by another because he didnt line up in the queue. Ko believes that the MRT sets the foundation for Taipeis queuing culture.The mayor added that the MRT is not only the pride of Taipei, but also the pride of the global Chinese community. He recalled taking the metro in New York City and the presence of graffiti. On the other hand, Taipeis 20-year-old MRT system looks tidy and clean, thanks to the rule of no eating on train. He admitted that there is an ongoing and heated debate on whether to open up the metro to food in an effort to commercialize the franchise.  Looking into the future, the mayor pointed out that the concept of MRT 2.0 is what the city government will be working on next. The city will hold a conference involving the Department of Rapid Transit Systems and Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation, as well as a meeting between city government and central government, to discuss how to coordinate future development of metro systems, avoiding the scenario where each municipality establishing its respective metro department. 
The Department of Economic Development (DED) announced that the Calla Lily Festival for 2016 has kicked off at the Zhuzihu area in Yangmingshan on March 18.According to DED, the arrival of cold fronts around Chinese New Year and the recent drop of temperatures have affected the production of calla lilies and pushed back the flowering time. Now, with over 50 percent of the calla lily in full blossom, DED invites the public to visit Zhuzihu to relish in the flower feast from late March through May.DED promised to offer assistance and coordinate government resources to boost the growth of calla lilies and cement the status of Zhuzihuwhich won the acclaim of livable community at the Livcom Awards 2013--as a prime choice for recreational purposes.  Spotlighting the theme of Aesops Fables this year, visitors will find calla lily farms dotted with decorations reminiscent of some of the most well-known tales, including The Tortoise and the Hare, The Boy Who Cried Wolf, The North Wind and the Sun, and others. For those who would like to bring home a bouquet of calla lilies, DED suggests choosing ones with buds not yet in full blossom. Be sure to change water every day and place the flowers in cool places (or add ice if needed). These tips will help the flower last about ten days. As traffic controls are being implemented during the Calla Lily Festival, DED advises visitors to take public transportation. For traffic information or related activities, please visit www.callalily.com.tw (Chinese)
Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived at Daan Forest Park to observe the exercise involving the setup of emergency shelter at the disaster prevention park in the evening on March 25.The mayor inspected the execution of pet shelter exercise and food area establishment. He later visited the mobile police outpost, sleep area, water and power stoppage drills, shower area, cloth-drying area, and NGO staff-volunteers stationing area. He also paid attention to the drills concerning emergency goods storage, medical care, mobile restroom deployment, childrens area, counseling area, and other operations related to disaster relief efforts.During his conversation with the director of Daan District Office, Ko pointed out that he saw last years evaluation of district offices and noted that Daan District was ranked first place. He decided to hold the drill at the best district. He also instructed the agencies involved in the exercise to list out all the areas which require improvement, providing the Fire Department with useful feedback for future planning. He believes that through practice and repetition, Taipei will be able to improve measures in this area and enhance its overall disaster preparedness, making it a safer city.
In light of the increasing demand for local concert production experts as Taiwan holds over a hundred concerts a year, Department of Cultural Affairs (DCA) has launched the Pop Music Concert Producer Training Program in collaboration with Ministry of Culture for individuals working in the music industry.The initiative, in line with the governments policy to nurture cultural talent with Taipei Performing Arts Center and Taipei Pop Music Center set to open in the next two years, seeks to introduce international expertise into local concert production industry and help train professionals to cope with the rising market needs.  The training program comprises two sessions, providing classes for those working in related fields. The first stage will focus on courses for would-be concert directors and program designers, from pre-concert preparations, communication skills, stage costume design, choreography, to emergency response capabilities.  The second part spotlights on on-site coordination, allowing students to learn more about concert directors role in stage set-upto convert theory into practice. The classes will take place at Xinzhuang Gymnasium.  DCA has invited choreographer and co-producer of Michael Jacksons last concert Travis Payne, as well as Lady Gagas concert tour choreographer Stacy Walker as instructors of the program. The first session runs from April 18 to 22 the second session takes place between May 17 and 21. The program is completely free of charge. Individuals who have experience in theater production, PR events, advertising, or pop music business, are welcome to participate. Registration ends on April 15, with 25 seats available. To sign up, please visit http://www.superdome.com.tw/producer/ (Chinese).  
To lighten the economic burden for the underprivileged families, the Department of Labor (DOL) has launched the tuition fee subsidy program for the second semester of the 2015 school year. The agency urges those out of jobs to apply for the subsidy before the programs deadline on March 31. DOL Commissioner Lai Hsiang-lin pointed out that individuals meeting the following criteria are eligible to apply for the financial aid:-The applicant is domiciled in Taipei City (except for non-R.O.C. nationals or residents from mainland China, Hong Kong, and Macau married to Taipei citizens and permitted to work in Taiwan)-Involuntary termination occurred between October 1, 2015 and March 31, 2016.-The applicant and his/her spouse have a combined household income of under NT$1.48 million for FY2014.-The applicant has children attending high schools, vocational schools, colleges, or universities in Taiwan-The applicant has not received other forms of tuition subsidies or reduction from the government.Children of unemployed workers will receive the subsidy based on the following rates:-NT$5,000 for students attending public high schools and vocational schools-NT$12,000 for students attending private high schools and vocational schools-NT$12,000 for students attending public universities and colleges-NT$26,000 for students attending private universities and colleges DOL reminds applicants to submit the application form and required documents by registered mail to Department of Labor at 5F, No. 1, City Hall Road, Taipei. The application form can be downloaded at (http://bola.gov.taipei/)(Chinese). 
To ensure good parking order around tourist attractions and commercial hubs, Taipei City Parking Management and Development Office (PMDO) announced a series of parking fee adjustments on Childrens Day and Tomb Sweeping Day between April 2 (Saturday) and April 5 (Tuesday).Parking on roadside parking spaces of the following locations will be charged: Ximen Commercial District, Guanghua Commercial District, Miramar Commercial District, Taipei Zoo, and Shilin tourist spots. No fee will be charged for parking on other roadside parking spaces in the city.Fees will still be charged during this period in parking towers, underground parking lots, and parking lots governed by PMDO (including 70 parking parks commissioned by the agency to be operated by the private sector). PMDO reminds residents to pay parking tickets by the deadline. For inquiry on parking fee issue, please dial 02-27269600 or visit the agencys Chinese website www.pma.gov.taipei
On March 22, Taipei City Government joined Academia Sinica, Realtek Semiconductor Corp., and ASUS in holding the Air Box PM2.5 press conference. The objective of the project is to increase public awareness on environmental issues. Realtek and ASUS collaborated to donate an Air Box to every elementary school across Taipei. The device can be used to measure temperatures as well as humidity and PM2.5 levels, after which the data can be uploaded to the cloud platform and website. Parents and children can access the citys environmental data through the internet or smartphone app.  PM2.5, or fine particulate matter measuring less than 25 micrometers in diameter, has become a source of air pollution in Taiwan. Since 2015, the island has seen reports of PM2.5 concentrations reaching hazardous purple levels. In light of this, Taipei City Government, Academia Sinica, Realtek Semiconductor Corp., and ASUS have teamed up to set up Air Box PM2.5 facilities at 300 locations across Taipei City, allowing residents to obtain comprehensible air quality figures and visuals. The public are encouraged to visit Environmental Protection Administration for more precise data. Nonetheless, the presence of large numbers of sensor devices contributes to environmental research and education. Apart from distributing 150 Air Boxes to elementary schools, Realtek and ASUS will also offer 50 such devices to LASS groups and members of the public. Those interested in obtaining an air box can visit the Taipei City Government booth at Smart City Expo for further details.The Air Box will upload information on detected temperatures, humidity and PM2.5 levels to the cloud. The data can be downloaded via the open data platform data.taipei in the future. The information will also be made available on both the ASUS-developed pm2.5 website (pm2.5.taipei) and the real-time air quality monitoring website http://goo.gl/dcIFFN. In terms of privacy issues, the locations of users will not be disclosed, as the coordinates of the Air Boxes will be blurred.  
Taipei Mayor Ko Wen-je and New Taipei Mayor Eric Chu jointly hosted the 2nd mayor-level meeting for the Twin Taipei Cooperation Platform at City Hall on March 22. The two leaders both agreed that it is critical to improve the Greater Capital Living Sphere, affairs regarding which should be addressed through an established negotiation mechanism. According to Ko, a joint commission should be set up to deal with issues concerning both sides, for example the adjustment of public bus fares and routes. Echoing his opinions, Chu noted that the two municipalities must work together to set public transportation rates after taking into consideration all factors such as oil price fluctuation. Ko pointed out that transportation departments from the two sides have been instructed to look into the issue, with news bus fares expected to be implemented in May. Speaking of the proposed MRT Minsheng Xizhi Line, Chu expressed his gratitude to his Taipei counterpart for supporting the project. He remarked that New Taipei will relay the consensus reached between the two cities to the central government, hoping to see the construction of the new MRT line approved without meeting obstacles and allowed to be executed in stages.The two leaders also pledged to push ahead with policies of great interest to residents, from government-led urban renewal, lead water pipes, to mortuary services.  
With an aim to maximizing the use of valuable resources while helping the disadvantaged, environmental protection agencies from Taipei and New Taipei have joined hands in refurbishing recycled furniture and deliver it to the needed.In line with Mayor Ko Wen-jes policy to share the citys resources with other municipalities, Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) of Taipei will continue to assist New Taipei in repairing secondhand furniture articles, 80% of which will be returned to New Taipei.DEP pointed out that a total of 128 disadvantaged households have benefited from the collaboration scheme of the two cities, receiving 412 pieces of refurbished furniture between January, 2015 and February 29, 2016.   According to DEP, the agency has been carrying out the well-received measure of injecting new life into unwanted furniture to make best use of resources since 2003. Donations have been made to underprivileged and indigenous families starting 2012. The policy serves to reduce waste and support the cause of social welfare, thereby helping to create a triple-win for the public members, Taipei, and New Taipei. 
Taipei Astronomical Museum (TAM) announced it will be celebrating 2016 Childrens Day by offering a range of hot deals in collaboration with National Taiwan Science Education Center (NTSEC) and Taipei Childrens Amusement Park (TCAP).On March 26 and between April 2 and 5, visitors will be able to enjoy 20% off TAM theater ticket prices, 30% off NTSEC permanent exhibitions ticket prices, and free admission to TCAP by presenting the activity form issued by the three facilities.During the period of the event, individuals who have purchased a ticket for TAM exhibition hall or NTSEC permanent exhibitions can use the ticket stub to exchange for free admission to TCAP for once. The offer is valid throughout April.In addition, children from all over the island are invited to visit TAM exhibition hall for free on March 26 and April 4. Kids accompanied by a parent and bring along the Taipei Childrens Month Brochure will also be eligible to visit TAM exhibition hall totally free of charge on April 2, 3, 4, 5, 9, 10, 16, 17, 23, 24, and 30.  More information on Childrens Day preferential offers can be found on the TAM website at www.tam.gov.taipei (Chinese).  
In line with the global trend of Smart Logistics, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that the MRT network will seek a major role in the thriving e-commerce business.In fact, TRTC pointed out that a number of local businesses have reached out to MRT stations by setting up unstaffed shops with lines of lockers. These intelligent lockers contain goods ordered by customers and delivered to designated MRT stations. Customers will be able to pick up their parcel from the designated locker with a code provided by the online store.    Such delivery service can already be found at MRT Daan, Zhongshan, Shilin, Fuxinggang, Xingtian Temple, Taipei Arena, Nanjing Fuxing, Neihu, and Sanchong stations with fridge lockers.Betting on the rising popularity of online shopping x MRT pickup method, TRTC plans to release more space for the smart logistics service. A total of 108 spots across the MRT network will be available for e-commerce activities through public tender.TRTC hopes to draw on the creativity of industry players to transform MRT stations into intelligent spaces incorporating e-commerce and logistics service. In addition to the basic requirement of delivery lockers, tenderers are also encouraged to introduce other smart equipment to the stations, providing residents with more convenient life.  The tender will be conducted in early April. Interested businesses should visit TRTC at 4F, No. 7, Lane 48, Sec. 2, Zhongshan N. Rd or call Ms. Wang (TEL: 02-25238993, ext. 258) for inquiries.
On March 20, Mayor Ko Wen-je and his Keelung City counterpart Lin Yu-chang attended the inauguration ceremony for the Keelung City Shuttle Service Route 2088.During his address, Ko praised Lin for being a man of action. The mayor of Keelung first mentioned the case upon his election to office and took the initiative to communicate the need with the Ministry of Transportation and Communication. The vision has become a reality within a year, thanks to efforts from all sides, including Taipei City.Ko remarked that both Keelung and Taipei belong to the Greater Capital Living Sphere, with over tens of thousands of people commuting between the two municipalities. Today, the new shuttle service helps to bring the Greater Capital Living Sphere closer together. He joked that the shuttle service is more convenient than the High Speed Rail after noticing the free WiFi service and sockets for AC adaptors onboard the bus. He added that the speedy transit provided by the shuttle allows passengers from Keelung to reach MRT Taipei City Hall Station for transferring to other public transportation means within a short period of time. At the end of his speech, Ko said that the residents of Keelung should thank their mayor for his efforts, and Taipei City wishes to express its gratitude to Metropolitan Transport Corporation for the companys support. The new shuttle route serves both Keelung and Taipei residents. He called upon the public to utilize public transportation to help reduce traffic jams and carbon emission.Mayor Lin added that the new bus route will provide an extra option for those traveling between Keelung and Taipei City Hall Bus Station. Furthermore, the bus will also stop at site of the future Keelung Aquarium. 
On March 16, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited professor Tai Yu-chong, the first in the world to develop micromotors, at California Institute of Technology (Caltech). This is the last part of the mayors trip in the US.Following a brief visit to Professor Tais office and research facility, the mayor joined professor Tai, Caltech principal Thomas Rosenbaum, and other Taiwanese researchers at the institute for lunch.Afterwards, the mayor visited the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) Center for World Health. Accompanied by Director Thomas Coates and faculty members Thomas Rosenthal, Greg Szekeres, and Michael Burke, the delegation toured facilities including the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center and facilities for severe illness and transplant.At the CNSI Incubator at UCLA, the mayor also learned about the medical technologies developed by professors Tseng Hsian-rong and Liu Wen-tai. Later, Ko attended a dinner event with UCLA Executive Vice Chancellor and UCLA Foundation Chairman, as well as 150 Taiwanese professors, students, and young entrepreneurs. During his address, he expressed his gratitude to the Taiwanese community at UCLA, promising to promote interaction and link with Taiwanese abroad. 
<!--<br/>.style1 {font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif}<br/>-->  The Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) announced the City will lead the country in implementing a graded penalty scheme against graffiti vandalism. The new regulation will take effect on May 1, 2016. According to DEP, the new system will impose differentiated fines on people who commit graffiti vandalism. Penalties will vary according to the degree of difficulty in terms of graffiti removal, the size of the graffiti, and whether the incident is a repeated offense. DEP pointed out that even though there are locations where graffiti art is permissible, reports of graffiti vandalism at public facilities and private properties have continued. Currently, the most severe penalty for such offense is a fine of NT$6,000, in compliance with Article 27 and 50 of Waste Disposal Act. Following a thorough research into the cases," DEP has concluded that a graded penalty system will help reduce controversies while realizing the principle of proportionality.   <!--<br/>table.MsoTableGrid {border:solid windowtext 1.0pt<br/>font-size:12.0pt<br/>font-family:""Calibri""",sans-serif}<br/>.style1 {<br/>	color: #5A5A5A<br/>	font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif<br/>}<br/>.style4 {color: #3C3C3C font-weight: bold font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif }<br/>.style5 {color: #3C3C3C font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif }<br/>-->      Size of Graffiti   Removable with water and cloth   Irremovable with water and cloth       Size <1M2 and Longest side < 1M   NT$1,200   NT$1,800     Size  1M2 but < 2M2 or Longest side  1M but < 2M   NT$2,400   NT$3,600     Size  2M2 or Longest side  2M   NT$4,800   NT$6,000     2nd offense within a year   Double of the above fines maximum fine NT$6,000     3rd offense within a year   NT$6,000     
To resurrect the past glories of Beimen, the New Construction Office (NCO) is holding a photography competition and inviting the public to submit pictures of the former North Gate of Taipei. The pictures may be from the period either before or after the dismantling of Zhongxiao Bridge Ramp.The competition runs from March 15 through April 15. An award ceremony and an exhibition of the winning works will take place at the main lobby of city hall on May 21. With the exception of staff from the Public Works Department (PWD), everyone is eligible to participate  regardless of age or nationality. There will be three gold medal winners bringing home prize money of NT$50,000 each three silver medal winners (NT$30,000) three bronze medal winners (NT$20,000) 10 merit award winners (NT$5,000) 15 honorable mentions (NT$3,000) and 25 judges award winners (NT$2,000).  PWD Commissioner Pong Cheng-sheng noted that a judge panel will select photographs that best depict the historical monument prior to, in the middle of, and after the removal of the Zhongxiao Bridge ramp. The competition marks the first steps towards the realization of Taipeis West District Gateway revitalization project. It also seeks to acknowledge the hard work of the government staff who sacrificed their Chinese New Year holiday for the execution of the ramps demolition. With the reopening of roads surrounding Beimen to traffic since February 13, PWD reminds individuals to mind their own safety and avoid violating traffic rules when taking pictures. More details about the photography competition can be found at http://nco.gov.taipei (Chinese).
To celebrate the 20th anniversary of Taipeis MRT system, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) will be issuing a series of special commemorative coin tokens starting March 19.    According to the agency, the tokens will come in five colors  brown, red, green, orange, and blue. Each color will go on sale on Saturday for five consecutive weeks. The five colors each represent an existing MRT line, with a limited run of 2,000 token coins for each color.  The coins can be purchased from designated ticket vending machines inside the following stations: MRT Ximen Station, MRT Taipei Main Station, MRT Zhongshan Station, MRT Songjiang Nanjing Station, and MRT Zhongxiao Fuxing Station. There will be an activity poster on the designated vending machines to allow people to identify them.   The respective color tokens serve as One-day Pass on the MRT network. Each commemorative token costs NT$150 and will be valid for an entire day after being activated at the gate. The token cannot be refunded. The front of the commemorative token coin shows the words metro Taipei, and the backside contains the words 20th anniversary One-day Pass.    Commemorative Coin Color  Date Available  Starting Time    Brown Saturday, March 19  9 AM    Red Saturday, March 26  9 AM    Green Saturday, April 2  9 AM    Orange Saturday, April 9  9 AM    Blue Saturday, April 16  9 AM    For more information, please call the TRTC customer service hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or visit the Chinese website of the company (http://www.metro.taipei) or the Chinese activity website (http://20metrotaipei.nv.com.tw). 
Deputy Mayor Charles Lin announced that Taipei City Government will be holding the 2016 Smart City Summit & Expo in collaboration with Taipei Computer Association at Nangang Exhibition Center between March 22 and 25 during a pre-show press event on March 15.Lin noted that the summit will explore issues raning from architecture, medicine, transportation, to cloud technology. City leaders from France, the US, the Netherlands, Czech, Israel, Myanmar, and municipalities on the island will attend forums and seminars as part of the event.The deputy mayor pointed out that theimplementation ofSmart Cityon top of the citys administrative agendawill be divided into four sections, which are smart government, smart citizens, smart experiment sites, and smart infrastructure. The ultimate goal of the initiative is to provide better public services and facilities for citizens employing intelligent technologies and IoT solutions.Living up to the Smart Community vision, Lin pledged that the city will build six zones making up 6,000 housing units in three years. The transportation and information technology departments will also cooperate in transforming Taipei Railway Station into a Smart Station.In addition, Lin reckoned that the city plans to launch the Ucar shared electric car scheme building upon the success of YouBike. The proposal has received great interest from the US electric vehicle manufacturer Tesla Motors.Lin also highlighted the importance of taking measures to address the aging population problem, for example incorporating smart technology applications into housing units constructed for the elderly.2016 Smart City Summit & Expo:http://smartcity.org.tw/index_en.php  
Mayor Ko Wen-je visited Universal Studios, NBC Universal, Los Angeles Convention Center, and Staples Center on the eighth day of his trip in the US.Ko observed that he was impressed with how the US movie industry takes advantage of the economies of scale following the visit to Universal Studios. Holleywood filmmakers profit not only from the box office but from the sales of various by-products after a movies release.The mayor remarked that Taiwan has a lot to learn from the marketing method of the entertainment industry in the US, where companies shell out large amounts of investment in film production with eyes on global market. Ko added that the city delegation exchanged opinions with representatives from NBC Universal in a meeting, talking about the city governments policies in assisting foreign filmmakers who plan to shoot movies in Taipei. The two sides agreed to keep in touch for further cooperation opportunities.Speaking of his meeting with AEG, an American entertainment presenter, Ko noted that he would like to learn more about the way AEG operates and manages sports and recreational venues, the American equivalent of BOT. Pointing out that selling naming rights accounts for a great share of AEGs revenues, Ko reckoned Taiwans public sector should consider adopting the approach when conducting BOT projects.
As part of the MRT 20th anniversary celebrations, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) is joining hands with Department of Information and Tourism to organize a LINE ON AIR activity between 12:30 PM and 13:30 PM on March 16!Individuals who take part by answering the questions posted by Taipei City Government during the one-hour session will have a chance to bring home prizes. These prizes include 20 sets of limited-edition commemorative EasyCard, 200 sets of One-Day Pass, and 20 sets of 1,000 UUPON points!  Both the commemorative EasyCard and the One-Day Pass are valid for unlimited rides in a single day. In addition to its collectability, the 20th anniversary limited-edition EasyCard can be used as an ordinary EasyCard by adding value to it.The winners will be decided in a raffle and announced in the week following the end of this activity.Ongoing activities marking the MRT milestone also include birthday wish songs and recordings made by singers and metro companies around the globe, issuance of One-Day tokens in five colors, picnic concerts, painting competitions, exhibitions, among others. For more information, please call TRTC service hotline (TEL: 02-2181-2345), visit the Chinese website of TRTC (http://www.metro.taipei), or the activity website (http://20metrotaipei.nv.com.tw/) 
The Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) announced that city hall will be banning the use of disposable and melamine utensils at city hall starting April 1. To raise public awareness on this upcoming ban, the agency will conduct a series of promotion activities at the B1, B2, and first floor of city hall between March 14 and March 31. As a part of the promotion campaign, DEP mobilized staff members from the department to the different entrances of city hall and the basement floors, each holding signs informing passersby about the impending policy on disposable and melamine utensils. In addition, Huili Bear will join the staff to call upon individuals to help protect our environment by employing reusable utensils when enjoying meals. The agency reminds visitors to take this opportunity to say hi to Huili and stand for a picture with him.Starting March 21, the employee restaurant at B1 will replace all melamine dishes, utensils, and plates with stainless steel versions. For take outs, paper lunchboxes will no longer be available customers will either have to bring their own lunch boxes or rent one from the restaurant.Likewise, the convenience store on B2 will no longer provide paper cups for beverages-to-go. However, those eating inside the convenience store will still have access to reusable utensils.Furthermore, bottled water will be banned at all activities organized by city government starting April 1. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the Taipei-Stanford Medical/Bio/Social Entrepreneurship forum at Stanford University School of Medicine on March 11. Academic and industry representatives from Silicon Valley shared their successful experiences in the development of biotech and medical industry, serving as a source of reference for Taipei.     Speaking after the forum, Ko reckoned that the focus in the next 20 years should be the incorporation of well-developed biomedical techniques into the medical system. In addition to introducing the new technologies to Taiwan, he believes it is equally important to define the islands role in the global biotech industry.  From his observations on citizens health, the mayor pointed out that Taiwan needs to redirect the medical system from its current path of profitability to one focusing on efficiency. Citing his experience from introducing the hospitalist scheme to Taiwan during his stint at NTUH, Ko noted that the approach proved more effective than the resident doctors system. On March 12, Ko visited El Camino Hospital, the medical institute in Silicon Valley renowned for its robotically-assisted surgeries. The mayor tried out the da Vinci Si Surgical System at the facility, which is the most advanced technique in performing minimally-invasive surgeries. The method has been applied to operations in treating prostate cancer and gynecological, as well as cardiological illnesses. Credited by Popular Science Magazine as one of the most advanced hospitals, El Camino Hospital boasts some of the most cutting-edge equipment such as surgical robots and Cyberknife. Its technological applications include computerized medical records, earthquake-proof elevators, and palm vein authentication for patients, among others.  
Deputy Mayor Chen Chin-jun attended the opening event for Keelung Citys Spring Lantern Showcase with Keelung Mayor Lin You-chang on March 12.During his address, Chen noted that he is honored to be at the opening event on behalf of Taipei Mayor Ko Wen-je, who is currently in the US. He pointed out that the mayor instructed him to attend the Fulu Monkey light show.Chen lauded Lins effort in promoting Keelung City. He recalled that the mayor traveled all the way from Keelung to Taipei to attend the opening ceremony of the 2016 Taipei Lantern Festival earlier this year. He is here to return the favor and to thank Lin for his support of Taipeis event.This is also the first time that Taipei City has agreed to lease its Fulu Monkey to other municipalities for showcase. He noted that while the lantern has been at the center of attention in the early stages, the public were astounded by the overall performance during the lantern festival, winning much acclaim. He hopes that Keelung residents can take this opportunity to enjoy the illuminated monkey-gourd display lantern.The deputy mayor also noted that Taipei is currently working on the landscaping for the area around Beimen. He announced that the 2017 Taipei Lantern Festival will take place in the vicinity of Beimen and Zhonghua Road, inviting the audience to Taipei to watch the show next year. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je visited San Francisco City Hall and met with his counterpart Edwin M. Lee on March 9. Ko also received an invitation to sign the petition supporting the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women on behalf of Taipei.   Responding to media questions about the meeting with Lee, Ko noted the talk was inspiring as San Franciscos role in the US epitomizes Taiwans position in the Chinese world.Ko pointed out that unemployment rate in San Francisco declined from 9% to 3.3% after Lee assumed office, indicating that the coastal citys incentives to encourage entrepreneurship helps create job opportunities and offer a solution to industrial imbalance. Regarding the soaring house prices shared by the two metropolises, Ko reckoned that he and Lee see eye to eye on the importance of social housing, also known as affordable housing. According to Lee, these account for 15% to 30% of the citys total housing units. Ko lauded San Francisco for its culture of tolerance and inclusiveness, embodied by the citys openness in embracing the LBGT group as well as UCLAs free learning atmosphere. He believes it is the open-mindedness that breeds innovation. Following a visit to the disaster prevention center of San Francisco, Ko observed that a complex information communication system is key to the operation of the 911 Call center. A staff member monitors at least seven screens at once therefore, they are required to undergo a year of training before commencing work. He was also impressed by the human-centric design of the facility, believing that every city official should go on trips like this to learn from others. 	 
The Department of Transportation (DOT) announced the opening of a new YouBike rental station near Songshan High School on March 11.The new Songshan High School station is equipped with 21 parking posts (42 YouBike parking spaces).Located near Songshan Cultural and Creative Park, office workers and local residents can take advantage of the new rental bicycle station for short distance travel to and from MRT Taipei City Hall Station and MRT Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station.With the addition of this new YouBike Station, the total number of Taipeis public bicycle rental stations has reached 224, boasting a fleet comprising 7,330 rental bicycles.For more information, please call the 1999 Citizen Hotline (for callers outside of Taipei City: TEL: 02-2720-8889) or the YouBike service center (TEL: 02-8978-5511). Details are also available on the Chinese websites of DOT (www.dot.taipei.gov.tw) and YouBike (www.youbike.com.tw). 
The Animal Protection Office (APO) has launched a campaign to promote rabies vaccination by inviting local emcee and writer George Chang as the pitchperson. Between March 1 and April 30, advertisement light boxes at five MRT stations across Taipei will spotlight images of George and his furry companions to promote the project.The MRT stations displaying the posters include Taipei Main Station, Zhongxiao Xinsheng, Minquan W. Rd., Guting, and Longshan Temple.Staring July 1, pet owners in Taipei will be required to take their dogs, cats, ferrets, and Formosan gem-faced civets for rabies vaccines every year at the designated veterinary institutes certified by APO. After having their furkids inoculated, pet owners will receive a certificate and collar tag issued as proof of vaccination. According to statistics provided by Centers for Disease Control, 16,000 cases were reported in 2016 involving people being bitten and scratched by animals. The World Organization for Animal Health (OIE) indicated that rabies resulted in more than 70,000 fatalities around the world each year99 percent of which are related to canine or feline bites.Despite the alarming figures, APO reckoned that a 70 percent rabies vaccination coverage rate can effectively reduce the risk of human-animal transmission. A shot costs only NT$200, but offers protection against the viral disease for domesticated animals. George Chang, who appears to have established an amicable relationship with the cat and dog during the photoshoot, urged the public to support the campaign as it is the least pet owners can do to safeguard the health of their loved companions.To learn more about the certified veterinary institutes available for rabies inoculation service, please visit http://www-ws.gov.taipei/001/Upload/public/Attachment/6381523714.pdf (Chinese)
On March 8, Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived in the US for an 11-day-long visit. Leading members from Taipei Investment Business Alliance Delegation, the group will be traveling to 3 major West Coast cities during this trip, including San Francisco, Los Angeles, and Phoenix. After landing at the airport in San Francisco, the delegation was received by local representatives including Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in San Francisco Director Joseph Ma and Joint Chairman Hsu Ta-lin of the Sister Cities Committee.This is the first trip to the US for Mayor Ko after his election. He noted that the three cities on his agenda are all Taipeis sister cities. As a part of Taipeis city diplomacy, he will be focusing on the industries on this trip. Noting that Silicon Valley comprises enterprises known for innovation and serves as the home to the highest concentration of start-ups in the world, he believes that there is much to learn for Taipei from San Franciscos experience. He added that the purpose for bringing along members of the business delegation is to encourage interaction among private sector members with local biotech firms, either looking for opportunities to invest in the US or inviting American firms to setup shops in Neihu or Nangang.The delegation will also visit major top academic institutions in the area on this trip, including Stanford, UCLA, and Caltech. 
The city government passed the Regulations Governing Street Light Pole Advertising during the Taipei City Executive Meeting on March 8. The bylaw, following its promulgation and submission to Taipei City Council for future reference, will provide the legal basis for managing the specific form of outdoor advertising.According to the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP), the regulation to charge hanging advertising banners on the citys public street light poles will come into effect as early as the end of April, 2016.The fees for displaying advertisements will vary depending on the different road locations. The first-grade road sections (95 locations) charge NT$200 per unit for utilization. The cost for placing ads along second-grade road sections (328 locations) is NT$100 per unit. Both require a cash deposit of NT$200.DEP Commissioner Liou Ming-lone believes that the implementation of the new regulation contributes to better social resource distribution while living up to the principle of fairness. He estimated that the measure will boost the citys revenue by approximately NT$20 million.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the International Forum of Taipei Water Environment on March 7. The event was organized by the Public Works Department (PWD).Dignitaries attending the meeting include the Japanese representative of International Federation of Landscape Architects Fumiaki Takano, Foundation Delta Alliance International representative Ivo Demmers, and others.During his address, the mayor expressed his gratitude to scholars and local government officials from six countries, as well as representatives from 20 major NGOs taking part in the forum. The core topics of the forum span wetland creation and management, integrated flood control, and revitalizing the riverfront.According to Ko, while water is very important, water utility price in Taiwan has been relatively cheap for a long period of time. He believes that the public should put more emphasis on this resource and manage it in an effective manner.The mayor noted that PWD has assessed the possibility of processing waste water via wetland, but reached a conclusion that such approach is not plausible due to Taipeis high population density. He hopes that with so many specialists from across the globe attending the forum, the experts can arrive at new approaches to tackle this issue. He hopes that great minds working on the topic can offer their professional opinions backed by numbers and theories.
On March 7, Mayor Ko Wen-je kicked off the Taipei Cancer Screening Network at city hall with a view to safeguarding citizens health by incorporating resources of the citys medical institutions, medical associations, and NGOs. Cancer, accounting for over 28 percent of the islands mortality rate, is the leading cause of death in Taiwan for 33 years in a row. It is also at the top of the list for Taipei City for 42 years straight. However, Ko pointed out that early diagnosis is key to boosting cancer patients survival rates, citing his wifes example.Ko reckoned that the city needs to review cancer screening schedules for residents. He hopes the Department of Health (DOH)s initiative for implementing the Taipei Cancer Screening Network will help extend life expectancy of residents and improve their quality of life.According to DOH Commissioner Huang Shier-chieg, WHO has indicated that screening can effectively reduce mortalities resulting from cervical, breast, colon and oral cancers. Through proactive roles in disseminating cancer prevention knowledge and providing community-based consultation services, he believes that the city government can help raise public awareness on the importance of scheduled screening.National Taiwan University Hospital Vice Superintendent Chiang Bor-luen reckoned that the institution will take measures in line with the initiative, such as establishing a cancer screening area to facilitate examination process and putting in place a single-window to assist people who test positive for follow-up treatment and referral. To learn more about the citys cancer screening resources, please visit http://health.gov.taipei/Default.aspx?tabid=657 (Chinese) or call the 1999 Citizen Hotline, ext. 1841 or 1829.  
To tackle traffic congestion issue for roads in the vicinity of Costco Neihu Store, the Department of Transportation (DOT) invited related agencies and representatives from businesses to work on possible solutions on March 7.Based on principles established by the Road Traffic Safety Meetings in recent years regarding traffic maintenance plans, businesses and department stores are no longer allowed to let car queues waiting for empty space take up lanes on surrounding roadways when the respective store parking lots are full. It is now mandatory for businesses owners to hire traffic management personnel to inform drivers about the new directive and/or guide vehicles to other parking lots. The Police Department will also forcefully remove queued vehicles to ensure the rights of other road users. Starting March 12, DOT will remove the traffic cones lining the outer lanes on Jiuzong Road and Minquan E. Road. Traffic police will crack down on vehicles queuing up for parking spaces inside the parking lot of Costco, and violators will be prosecuted. Signs warning drivers not to wait in line for parking inside Costco will be posted at carpark entrances of malls and big-box retailers in the vicinity. Drivers are reminded not to queue up on public roads and encouraged to look for parking spaces at other parking lots in the area.
Mayor Ko Wen-je will be leading a delegation comprising government officials and business representatives on a trip to the United Statesthe first such trip since he assumed office. The delegation, to depart on March 8, will visit San Francisco, Phoenix, and Los Angeles before returning on March 18.The mayor will meet mayors of San Francisco and Phoenix, which established sister city ties with Taipei in 1970 and 1979, respectively. A meeting will also be arranged between Ko and Raymond F. Burghardt, Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the American Institute in Taiwan (AIT) during his stay in the US.  According to Taipei City Government Spokesperson Lin He-ming, the trip aims to learn more about the industry development of Silicon Valley while seeking to bolster relationship with the three cities. The city government will host a forum at the tech hub, where Mayor Ko will deliver an address and share his experience in the implementation of smart cities among other innovative policies with city mayors from the San Francisco Bay Area. The Taipei-Silicon Valley Night event will also provide a matchmaking platform for business opportunities between entrepreneurs from the two sides.The itinerary of the Taipei delegation also includes three prestigious universitiesStandard University, California Institute of Technology, and University of California, Los Angeles. In addition, Ko will attend briefings and visit facilities regarding San Franciscos green energy and disaster prevention measures as well as Los Angeles approaches to operating multi-purpose stadiums and holding MICE events. As a way of expressing goodwill while serving to marketing the citys creative products, the mayor will bring digital printing paintings and rollerball pens as presents for the dignitaries he will be meeting.
Taipei MRT will be celebrating its 20th birthday on March 28!To mark the milestone, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) has launched a project to play videos and audio recordings across the citys MRT network contributed by performance groups, singers, as well as metro corporations from other countries.A total of twelve singers and groups were invited to participate in the project, rendering their adaptations of popular songs or original songs they created as a birthday gift for the MRT. These artists include Evan Yo, who presented his take on the well-known Taiwanese song Marching Forward by Lim Chung, as well as Wang Dawen, Matthew Lien, and others.MRT riders can expect to be surprised by the melodies every hour on the hour from 9 AM to 9 PM, March 5 to May 1.In addition to the singers, 15 members of CoMET and Nova Metro Benchmarking Groupsan international metro organizationhave extended their good wishes to Taipei MRT in videos in different languages. Performance groups across the Greater Taipei area--such as Taipei Chinese Orchestra, Taipei Philharmonic Youth Orchestra, Yonghe District Plain Noodles Choir, and others--also performed their own unique versions of Happy Birthday Song for Taipei MRT. The congratulation videos made by metro companies around the world and local music groups will be playing on the LED screens at MRT platforms starting March 3.The first MRT Line  the Muzha Line  opened to the public on March 28, 1996. It marked the start of the development and expansion of Taipeis metro system up through today. Over two decades, the MRT network expanded from 10.5 kilometers to 131.1 kilometers in total length, becoming an integral part of Greater Taipeis public transportation infrastructure.For more information, please call TRTC service hotline 02-21812345 or visit the Chinese website of TRTC at http://www.metro.taipei or the activity website http://20metrotaipei.nv.com.tw/  
Taipei Zoo is launching its 2016 Countryside Experience program. The short course seeks to educate people on the importance of human-land relationship and the right attitude towards natureespecially at a time when vegetable prices remain at a peak due to the extreme weather conditions. In addition to offering an arena for environmental education to strengthen the publics knowledge of fauna and flora, Taipei Zoo has also been working to promote sustainability and harmony with nature through the holding of Countryside Experience camps since 2011.The program consists of three courses--the knowhow of growing rice, taro and water bamboo. The content of these classes includes introduction of the plants traits hands-on experience in rice paddies weeding, harvesting, and making of rice products the role of wetlands in a farming village and eco-friendly methods to cultivate plants.Taipei Zoo noted that abundant wildlife can be seen at the paddies located inside the Childrens Zoo area  notably sparrows, light-vented bulbuls, Formosan Blue Magpies, red-banded snakes, and a variety of frogs and dragonflies.    The program begins with rice classes on March 19. Hopefully, members of the public will learn to appreciate the hard work of farmers and cherish food through active involvement in planting activities. Those interested should sign up here: http://www.zoo.gov.tw/ (Chinese)
Following the success of his One-Day-Taipei-to-Kaohsiung bike trip, Mayor Ko Wen-je succeeded in his next cycling endeavor: the ride from Fugueijiao Lighthouse in Keelung City to the Eluanbi Lighthouse in Pingtung County.For those who are interested to check out the behind-the-scene stories pertaining to the feat spanning 520 kilometers in 28.5 hours, Taipei Broadcasting Station invited the members of the mayors coaching team to share their insights with listeners on Sports Spotlight. The show was aired at noon on March 1.The members of the coaching team comprise Taipei Municipal Athletics Federation Cycling Association Secretary-general Su Ching-shan, Chairperson Peng Chien-yung, and Giant Bicycles Fitness Coach Huang Chi-hsuan. The audience will have a chance to learn how the mayor worked on improving physical fitness to prepare for the endurance test of riding all the way to the southern tip of the island. Compared to the last challenge, the increase of riding distance from 380 km to 520 km also means doubling the burden on ones stamina. The team members also shared how the mayor tackled the test of riding at night. They noted that Ko went for a short nap on the car at around 3 AM when the team entered Kaohsiung, but continued after a short rest to complete the trip, demonstrating the mayors strong will. To listen to TBSs program on your smartphone, you can download the iTAP application and click on the function Taipei Broadcasting Station. You can also listen via live-streaming over the Internet by visiting the website (www.radio.gov.taipei)(Chinese). 
   With the growing popularity of digital reading habits, Taipei Public Library (TPL) is embracing new technologies to increase its online collection of e-books. Residents are encouraged to take part in the e-resources classes to learn how to access the e-database starting March. In line with Mayor Ko Wen-jes initiative to make government resources available online, TPL has taken steps to purchase more e-materials. Individuals who possess the Library Card will be able to access the database anywhere, anytime. To promote the service, TPL will be holding a series of classes to help familiarize the public with whats available and the methods of access. Topics span magazines and newspapers, law database, English learning resources, childrens illustration books, and more. These classes are free of charge. Each session is limited to 30 participants. Sign up at https://goo.gl/U18Jrj (Chinese)       Class information     Program Registration Deadline Class Begins   Always Open! E-Library March 14 March 19   Overview of world news: magazines, newspapers, visual    resources March 21 March 26   Specialized knowledge inquiry: law database, periodicals April 18 April 23   E-BOOK at your fingertips: e-books accessible through mobile    devices April 25 April 30   Easy English: English learning materials introduction  May 16 May 21   Family reading: Childrens e-books May 23 May 28   
During a visit to the Fire Safety Museum on March 1, Mayor Ko Wen-je urged the public to download the new disaster prevention application developed by Fire Department.Ko pointed out that the city government has embarked on devising disaster prevention and relief guidelines for students from elementary to senior high schools, taking lessons from a study trip to Japana country which places great emphasis on disaster prevention education from an early age. Similar to Taiwan, the island nation is prone to natural disasters such as earthquakes and typhoons.The citys education, fire, and health departments have since collaborated to integrate information related to the response to typhoons, earthquakes, epidemics, sexual assaults, domestic violence, and others.According to the mayor, updating information in the disaster prevention apps is both more efficient and more cost-effective than printing new brochures. The e-approach will facilitate dissemination of knowledge, thanks to the prevalence of mobile devices today.Ko expressed his approval for the Fire Department for accomplishing the task of developing the app in such a short time. Responding to medias questions on his opinions regarding the promotion of CPR training, Ko stressed that the city needs to seek even higher survival rates because there can only be better, but no perfect performances. Taipei City Disaster Prevention App download:http://apps.taipei/AppContent.aspx?listid=divHotApp&Contentid=tw.gov.taipei.eoc
On February 28, Mayor Ko Wen-je presented a gold medal to Xiong Zanthe mascot bear for 2017 Taipei Universiadeto promote the international sports event in a carnival held to highlight Velo-city Global 2016.The Velo-city Global Conference is taking place in Taipei between February 27 and March 1.During his address, Ko noted that it is the first time for an Asian city to host the cycling event. Taiwan, though boasting a thriving cycling industry, needs to invest more in the implementation of a sound biking network. He pledged that the capital, on the track to become a smart and green city, will strive to attain its goal of making the bicycle a mainstream means of transportation.  The carnival featured a wide array of activities for cycling enthusiasts, spanning Bike Parade, Fun Ride, Kids Push Bike Race, Night Market delicacies tasting, and a Chinese New Year Party showcasing a variety of cultural performances from other countries. Over 5,000 people participated in the carnival.The most eye-catching participants of the Bike Parade include crystal-decorated bikes, a dragon-themed ten-seat tandem bicycle, the mascot bear dressed as Monkey King to spotlight the Year of the Monkey, and a team led by Miffy rabbit to represent the Dutch city of Arnhem-Nijmegen--the next host of the Velo-city Global.
The vote for the fate of Shezidao conducted over the past weekend saw a total of 5091 residents cast their ballot through the i-Voting system, achieving a voter turnout of 35.16%.  Among the four possible development choices, Ecological Shezidao garnered 3,032 votes, followed by Canal Shezidao (825 votes), Our Shezidao (617 votes), and No Development (617 votes).  According to Shezidao Project Office Executive Yi Li-min, the city government mobilized 50 staff to monitor the voting procedures and assist voters at four polling stations. It set a successful example of carrying out paperless computerized vote on issues concerning city affairs.   Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong made a statement following the vote. 1. Any plans regarding the development of Shezidao will not be finalized without the review of Urban Planning Commission. 2. The Shezidao Project Office will be expanded to include experts in the fields of hydraulic engineering, environmental protection, and construction management. Communication with borough chiefs and locals will be strengthened, especially related to the issues of floor area ratio and relocation. 3. Efforts will be made to facilitate urban planning, flood prevention, environmental assessment, and land expropriation with a view to injecting life into Shezidao.
In a campaign to promote the historical block, The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) invites travelers in Taipei to have their photos taken at Dadaocheng Tourist Information CenterURS 44--between February 26 and 29.According to TPEDOIT, URS 44 is designed with the inspiration of Chinese medicine stores. A retro Taiwanese-style living room dominates the space, offering tourists a place to rest while feeling the vibes of old Dihua Street. As Taipeis commercial hub in the early 20th century, Dadaocheng boasts the islands largest textile retailer Yongle Market, tourist attraction Taipei Xia Hai City God Temple, Fujian and Baroque architecture, Urban Regeneration Centers, as well as burgeoning shops selling cultural and creative products. Visitors arriving at the Dadaocheng Tourist Information Center will find decorations and furniture reminiscent of herbs stores, be it the mortar and pestle, medicine cabinet, or herb scale. Information brochures can be found by pulling out the drawers of the medicine cabinet.To take part in the photo-shoot activity, individuals will need to wear hipster style accessories (available at the venue) and pose for a picture. They will then receive a free postcard and a raffle chance to win a free Dadaocheng tour. The first 50 participants each day will receive an additional souvenir at Wang Tea Shop.Dadaocheng Tourist Information Center Address: No. 44, Section 1, Dihua Street, Datong DistrictTelephone: (02)2559-6802Opening Hours: 11 AM  5 PM, Tuesday to SundayWang Tea ShopAddress: No. 26, Lane 64, Section 2, Chongqing N. Rd, Datong DistrictTelephone: (02)2555-9164Opening Hours: 9 AM  7 PM, Monday to Saturday 
With seasonal flu cases reaching a peak roughly between the months of November and March, the Department of Health (DOH) reminds the public to take necessary precautions to protect themselves from influenza during this period. The agency reminds residents to pay close attention to personal hygiene, exercising good habits such as washing hands with soap frequently, wearing face masks for people with a cough, and staying home when sick to avoid affecting others.Director Chen Shao-ching at the Division for Disease Control and Prevention at DOH pointed out that a total of 34 new confirmed influenza cases and 1 flu-related fatality were reported last week (Feb. 16 through 22) in Taipei. Between January and February 24, there were 65 confirmed cases and 3 deaths related to influenza. Compared to the figures from the same period last year, there were 50 more cases reported while the number of fatalities remained the same. Among the reported cases, the age group from 50 to 64 years old accounted for 36.9 percent of the total. This showed a 33.3 percent increase compared to figures from 2015.The director offers the following tips for individuals with a cough: wear face masks, keep their distance from others, cover their nose and mouth with handkerchief or tissue paper when coughing (use the sleeve of the shirt if forced to react suddenly) discard used tissue paper in lidded trash bins and wash their hands frequently. People who are sick should remain home if possible and avoid public places to prevent transferring the disease to others. Members of high risk groups (children, elders, and people with major illness) should pay special attention to avoid coming down with the flu virus.  For more information on flu and disease prevention, please visit the Chinese website of DOH (http://health.gov.taipei/Default.aspx?tabid=665) or call the agency (TEL: 02-23753782). 
To encourage the public to visit the 2016 Taipei International Lantern Festival before the event concludes on February 29, the Department of Civil Affairs (DCA) announced that it will be giving away free Fulu Monkey EasyCard decorative sticker sets to visitors during the last two days of the show.  The giveaway will take place starting 11 AM on both February 28 and 29 at the Expo Parks Yuashan Long Corridor Plaza.  Each individual is limited to one set. A total of 14,000 sets will be given away each day.  The Fulu Monkey EasyCard decorative sticker set includes two stickers. One sticker features a peach pink monkey with the words Hold, while the other sticker features the monkey with the cartoon character of Mayor Ko Wen-je.   DCA also reminded the public about the ongoing Taipei Lantern Festival photo competition, offering a grand prize of NT$20,000 to the first place winner. The submission deadline is 5 PM on March 4.  For more information, please visit the Chinese activity website of the 2016 Taipei International Lantern Festival: http://www.2016taipeilanternfestival.com/      
To comply with existing regulations on concessions schemes listed in Protection of Children and Youths Welfare and Rights Act and Senior Citizens Welfare Act, Mayor Ko Wen-je instructed city government facilities to review current ticket and fare prices for visitors.Current plans include the cancellation of concession discounts for retired teachers, police, military personnel, and civil servants at city facilities starting July 1.Based on the aforementioned directive, Taipei Zoo will be implementing the following changes to its ticket pricing:1.	Senior citizens 65 or above: Free admission replaced with 50-percent discount2.	Neighborhood and borough chiefs with Neighborhood and Borough Service Handbook: Free admission cancelled3.	Taipei City Exemplary Driver and One accompanying individual (spouse or blood relative in direct line of descent): Free admission until December 31, 20164.	Seniors with Alien Permanent Residence Certificate issued by the Ministry of the Interiors National Immigration Agency with remarks regarding discounts for public transportation vehicles and public recreational facilities: Free admission replaced with 50-percent discount5.	Retired civil servants and teachers: Free admission cancelled6.	Retired veterans: Free admission cancelled7.	 Indigenous elders between the age of 55 and 64: Free admission replaced with 50-percent discount8.	Holders of Low Income Household Certificate issued by Taipei City Government Department of Social Welfare: Concessionary ticket replaced with Free admission9.	Police and military personnel: Concessionary ticket replaced with Standard ticket10.	Individuals with Taipei City volunteer traffic police, volunteer police, volunteer firefighters, and civil defense personnel identification document: 50-percent discount 
Taipei City Fire Department will be conducting a disaster prevention drill at Daan Forest Park on March 25. The exercise involves operations spanning evacuation and sheltering of residents. For the first time, the public will be able to sign up for an overnight camping experience at the park as part of the exercise, seeking to familiarize people with emergency procedures in the event of a large-scale earthquake.The camping session will last from 3 PM on March 25 through 9 AM on March 26. Individuals interested in joining should sign up at the Chinese activity website(http://goo.gl/forms/ZpT4vLNxWU) between February 23 (noon) and March 7 (noon). Only online registration will be accepted for a maximum of 400 positions.For inquiries about the event, please email park2016@tfd.gov.tw or call 02-27297668, ext. 8818 (Ms. Huang) or ext. 8822 (Mr. Wang). The joint disaster prevention drill  involving authorities of Taipei, New Taipei, Keelung, and Taoyuan  will also cover evacuation practice at various institutions and schools, the preparedness of Tri-Service General Hospital in response to an influx of wounded patients, and multiple disasters response exercise at designated areas at Taipei Railway Station. 
The Department of Transportation (DOT) announced the opening of a new YouBike rental station at the intersection of Civic Boulevard and Dongxing Road on February 24. With the inauguration of the new station, the total number of YouBike Rental Station across Taipei City will reach 222, with a fleet of 7,264 bicycles to serve the public.The new station located on Dongxing Road is expected to provide convenient means of transportation for the neighborhood, which is characterized by a large number of office buildings. Locals can take advantage of the rental bikes for traveling to destinations such as MRT Songjiang Sanmin Station, Songshan Railway Station, and MRT Taipei City Hall Station.The new rental station boasts 15 bicycle parking posts (30 parking spaces for bikes). For details or questions on YouBike, please call the 1999 Citizen Hotline (dial TEL: 02-2720889 for calls outside of Taipei City) or the YouBike Cutomer Service Center (TEL: 02-89785511). Information is also available at the Chinese website of DOT (www.dot.taipei.gov.tw) or YouBike (www.youbike.com.tw). 
The mayors of Taipei, New Taipei, and Keelung jointly wrote down their prayers for a year of safety and smoothness on a 16-feet high lantern before releasing it into the air in the annual Pingxi Sky Lantern Festival on February 22. Mayor Ko Wen-je noted that he wished 2016 a year of harmony and hard work. Everyone will strive to reach an agreement among clashes and conflicts so as to propel society forward. Despite calls from environmental groups urging local governments to stop the practice of launching sky lanterns on the grounds of ecological concerns, Ko reckoned that he believes it is possible to strike a balance between the preservation of cultural heritage and environmental protection, citing New Taipei Mayor Eric Chus remarks that the government will ensure the released lanterns are recycled.    As the host of Pingxi Sky Lantern Festival, Chu pointed out the event, now in its 18th year, has been highlighted by Discovery Channel and National Geographic Channel as one of the most fantastic fests in the world. He hopes New Taipei, Taipei, and Keelung can work hand-in-hand to promote tourism for the Greater Taipei area. Attending the event for the first time on behalf of his city, Keelung Mayor Lin You-chang wished Taiwan a year of progress, unity, and happiness. He took the opportunity to invite the public to participate in the event marking the 130th founding anniversary of the Port of Keelung slated for June 25. 
To commemorate the 20th anniversary of Taipeis MRT system, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) will be hosting a series of activities in the coming months. The celebration begins with the announcement of an art competition for kids!The art competition Im a Young MRT Rider and Painter welcomes submissions of new decoration design for priority elevators at MRT stations by students in grades 3 through 6 in both private and public elementary schools of Taipei City and New Taipei City. The theme of the contest is Care, Courtesy, Convenience, and Happiness. The winning design should convey the message of give way to elders, people on wheelchairs, travelers with baby carriages, and individuals with mobility challenges when taking the elevator.There will be a total of ten winners for middle grade classes and ten winners for the upper grade classes. Each winner will receive NT$5,000 in cash and a trophy.The deadline for submissions will be 6 PM on April 7. For details such as registration information and submission format, please visit the Chinese activity website (http://20metrotaipei.nv.com.tw/elevator.html) or the Chinese website of TRTC (http://www.metro.taipei).  The first MRT Line  the Muzha Line  opened to the public on March 28, 1996. The important milestone set the foundation for the development and expansion of Taipeis metro system up through today. Over two decades, the MRT network expanded from 10.5 kilometers to 131.1 kilometers in total length, becoming an integral part of Greater Taipeis public transportation infrastructure.
Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived at local religious center Kun Tian Temple to promote the upcoming vote on Shezidao development on February 21. The vote is slated for February 27 and 28.According to the mayor, the vote will only determine the general direction of Shezidaos redevelopment. Factors such as environmental impact assessment, urban planning, and flood prevention will need to be taken into account before any concrete plan can be submitted to Executive Yuan for approval.    Ko stressed that the challenge existing for over 46 years cannot be resolved in one day. He reckoned that the city government should seek residents opinions before implementing policies, citing the issue of tap water accessibility he encountered from a one-night stay at Shezidao.Regarding the four possible development choices, Ko commented that he will vote for Ecological Shezidao, an approach which will not seek to expand embankments but preserve developable land in the outer area instead. The government will then play the role of diverting resources into the project.  The mayor promised locals that the city government will loosen the criteria for filing for compensation. He hopes to secure support from Shezidao residents before dealing with more challenges down the road of redevelopment.    
Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived at the Expo Park to light up the main lantern, kicking-off the 2016 Taipei International Lantern Festival on February 21.During his address, the mayor admitted that he suffered from anxiety after noting the opinions of citizens about the main lantern earlier on. However, after activating the main lantern and seeing the light show himself, he believes that while it is too early to say whether the city government can fully reclaim its credibility, it should be safe to say that the worst case scenario has been averted.However, Ko also reminded the audience that the Lantern Festival also marks the end of Chinese New Year, and everyone should put their attention back to their work. The mayor took the opportunity to tour the different display zones across the lantern festival venue. He also attended the lantern quiz show, taking on the role of the quiz-giver to present three riddles and awarding those answering correctly with gifts. Responding to media questions about changes to next years Taipei International Lantern Festival, the mayor pointed out that the event in 2017 will be handled by the Department of Information Technology.
Mayor Ko Wen-je pledged to increase the percentage of Taipeis population who are equipped with the skills to perform CPR (cardiopulmonary resuscitation) in a city boasting sound emergency medical services (EMS). He made the remarks during a Chain of Survival award ceremony held by the Fire Department on February 18.According to the mayor, Taipei is one of the places with remarkable CPR success rates thanks to its high population density that contributes to fast response to medical emergencies. Ko took the opportunity to express his gratitude to those involved in the emergency medical system, from firefighting staff to hospital workers, without whose effort the city could not have achieved an outstanding performance in boosting survival rates. In 2015 alone, the number of people saved equals the number of people saved over the previous two years combined. The mayor reckoned, however, that statistics show only 36 percent of the citys population have received CPR training. In light of this, he set out an objective to require Taipeis senior high schools to provide CPR training in health courses.As Fire Department pointed out, out-of-hospital Chain of Survival refers to a series of actions that help reduce mortality resulted from cardiac arrest, including (1) immediate recognition and activation, (2) early CPR, (3) rapid defibrillation, (4) effective advanced life support, and (5) Integrated post-cardiac arrest care. The concept was proposed by American Heart Association in 1992. 
The much-anticipated 2016 Taipei Lantern Festival will shine from February 20 through 29 at Taipei Expo Yuanshan Park!According to Department of Civil Affairs, the opening ceremony of the annual fest will feature a range of fun-packed activities. Visitors are welcome to participate in the mini-lantern DIY class conducted by professional teachers starting 11 AM. At 2 PM on the main stage, a host of performance groups will bring excitement to the venue with storytelling, magic, theater, stunts, and interactive games. Visitors will not want to miss out on the quiz sessions to win commemorative prizes!    Between 2 PM and 5 PM, a guided tour of various lantern exhibition areas will take place every hour, introducing visitors to the stories behind each luminous artwork in the showcase.The opening event will reach its climax at 7 PM when the famous lantern festival riddle session kicks off. As many as 200 riddles promising attractive prizes are waiting to be solved. Meanwhile, spectators can expect live band performances in front of Fulu Monkey main lantern area at 7 PM.The ten-day feast will also feature holiday-only activities sponsored by a number of corporations, for example mascot fan meetings and coke giveaway to lure visitors. 2016 Taipei Lantern Festival: http://www.2016taipeilanternfestival.com/ 
Taipei Mayor Ko Wen-je and Kaohsiung Mayor Chen Chu signed a Memorandum of Understanding on the cooperation between Taipei Zoo and Shoushan Zoo in a press conference on February 17. It was the second MOU signed between the two cities. Both Taipei and Kaohsiung seek to strengthen bilateral ties in animal conservation after Taipei gave a chimpanzee to Kaohsiung in 2004. This time, Taipei Zoo will present Shoushan Zoo with a pair of pygmy hippopotamus, a pair of common elands, a male white rhinoceros, and three Barbary sheep --all of them endangered species.Ko remarked that he hopes the exchange of animals will lead to more collaborative opportunities in other fields between the two metropolises. Kaohsiungs experience in hosting the World Games 2009, for example, can serve as a source of reference for Taipei when it gears up to host the 2017 Summer Universiade.On the part of Mayor Chen, she expressed her gratitude to the capital of Taiwan for sharing its insight into biodiversity and animal conservation. She believes Shoushan Zoo will improve in many ways with the assistance from Taipei Zoo.   Questioned by the media on the death of a Formosan black bear Taipei delivered to Kaohsiung in 2014, Chen noted that she had offered her apologies to Taipei City Government immediately following the incident. She admitted that the southern city has much to reflect upon with regard to zoo management.Taipei Zoo Director Chin Shih-chien added that the two sides will bolster cooperation in the fields of zoological medicine and veterinary care  especially expertise in emergency animal rescue  to prevent similar incidents from happening again. 
With the start of the 2016 Taipei International Lantern Festival at the Expo Park this weekend, the Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) will also be holding its own lantern festival celebration campaign!For passengers taking the MRT train, simply look for the poster with the message Take the MRT and Guess the Lantern Riddle () to participate. Look for the QR code on the poster and scan it to log into the activity website. Participants with UUPON membership who answer three riddles correctly will earn 20 UUPON points. Furthermore, iPass users with Ponta membership linked to their cards will receive 2 Ponta points for every trip they make on the MRT. The campaign also offers 10 Ponta points to card holders for each time they enter/exit MRT Yuanshan Station, with lottery chance for winning 10,000 Ponta points (3 winners total). Please refer to the website of UUPON and Ponta for further information on the respective campaigns.In light of increased passenger volume during the lantern festival period, TRTC also announced that bicycles will be banned from boarding/disembarking trains at MRT Yuanshan Station after 3 PM on the following weekend/holiday dates: Feb. 20, 21, 27, 28, and 29.Between February 20 and 29, YouBike rental stations at MRT Yuanshan Station Exit 2 and Taipei Fine Arts Museum will be suspended during the following hours: 7 PM through 10 PM weekdays, and 5 PM through midnight on weekends/holidays.
The Department of Information Technology (DOIT) has joined hands with the Research, Development and Evaluation Commission (RDEC) to establish the Taipei City Public Participation Net (http://civil.gov.taipei) Chinese website, allowing the public to gain more insight into city administration. Through this new website, visitors will be able to access information spanning progress report on policies having been implemented, meetings which involve the participation of citizens, budget overview, visions set out by various agencies, and more. Citizens will have no difficulty in searching for information on the location, agenda, and minutes of meetings in which public members attended. Highlights of Mayor Kos policies, city forum, law database, and other topics concerning administrative affairs can also be easily accessed. According to RDEC Chairperson Chu Chao-hsiang, a series of mechanisms have been put in place to involve the public in politics and budget planning, as well as making government data available to the mass over the past year. The launch of Taipei City Public Participation Net marks a step forward towards Mayor Kos administrative objective of open government.   
Taipei City Youth Development Office (TCYDO) announced that the next City Music Box outdoor concert will be taking place between 2 PM and 4 PM on Sunday, February 21 at the agencys Bell Plaza.The concert on Sunday will feature the performance by members of Taipei First Girls Highschools String Orchestra Club. The club will be celebrating its 30th founding anniversary in 2016. The club has performed at various occasions both in school and at events outside school, including occasions such as Taipei City Prestigious Schools Joint Concert and Hong Kong Diocesan Girls School Joint Concert. It also won numerous awards, including the 2014 Taiwan Provincial Music Compeition and City String Orchestra Tournament.On the weekend before Lantern Festival, the members of the String Orchestra Club of Taipei First Girls High School will bring to the audience classic works such as themes from My Neighbor Totoro and Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind Taiwanese folk music Craving for the Spring Wind and Evening Primrose and Disney themes such as Colors of the Wind and Under the Sea.To encourage youths to demonstrate their talents and skills, TCYDO holds the City Music Box on a monthly basis at the Bell Plaza. Clubs from middle schools, high schools, colleges, and universities perform before the public in front of the historical site, bringing musical culture to day-to-day life.
