On the first day of the 2019 Smart City Summit and Expo (SCSE), guests and dignitaries gathered at the Taipei Pavilion to witness the opening ceremony of the venue. In the morning, Vice President Chen Chien-jen visited the Smart Education to learn more about the maker robot maker education. Arriving at noon, Mayor Ko Wen-je joined Bravo  the mascot of Taipei City Government  in trying out games using interactive technology with Bravo. The game presented the concept of Integrating Technology is into day-to-day life. Bravo also served as the one-day guide at the pavilion, leading the mayor and other honorable guests on a tour of the facility and showing them the achievements realized through Taipeis implementation of its smart city policies.  Following the opening of the Taipei Pavilion, Mayor Ko visited the Smart Education exhibit to personally experience a number of educational courses employing new technological equipment such as 3R Technology Center, AI Robot, Smart Agriculture, and Cool-Cloud. He also tried out the EyeATM and Comprehensive health education on eye protection by smart robot Eye-Q which were displayed at the Smart Medical Care zone. The mayor remarked that he looks forward to a significant improvement in the quality of life of our citizens and optimization of the Citys governance through these smart services.  According to the Department of Information Technology (DOIT), for this years exhibition," Taipei City Government highlights the theme of ""livable and sustainable city"" and has set up 7 exhibition zones to showcase the topics ofSmart Transportation",Smart Public Housing,Smart Medical Care,Smart Education,Smart Startup,Smart Security, andSmart Governmentrespectively. There are on-site interactive games that offered gifts and souvenirs for the exhibitions attendees. People who were interested in smart city technologies are more than welcome to visit the Taipei Pavilion to envision city life through Taipei Citys new IoT applications.  At 2:30 PM on March 27, city hall celebrity Huang Ching Yin will serve as a one-day guide and will conduct a livestreaming session to promote smart service projects at the Taipei Pavilion. Stay tuned to the Department of Information Technologys Facebook fan page (https://www.facebook.com/doit.taipei230/)and dont forget to like and share!  Moreover, Taipei City Government won this years Smart City Innovation Application Award for its projects includingIntelligent Management of Road and Pipeline Construction,Smart Policing Innovation - Building TCPD WORK SMART Platform, andiTrash Smart City Garbage & Recylcing Integration System. It has become the municipal government claiming the most number of awards.  DOIT invites you to visit the Taipei Pavilion and experience the smart city application services that we offer, to envision what these innovations can improve our city and create a brighter future for citizens.
The Sewerage Systems Office (SSO) has been running the Bali Sewage Treatment Plant in New Taipei City (NTC) since1997. In July 2017, the Executive Yuan reached the decision of assigning facility operation and management to New Taipei City Government.  On the eve of the transfer, the city government has just concluded the phase 3 upgrade project of the sewage treatment plant, in the interest of keeping the Plant in normal operations to ensure the continued processing of sewage from Metro Taipei area and build up sustaining and livable water environment at all times.  In addition to improving plant equipment performance to better post-processing water quality and meeting national effluent water standards, the SSO is working on other improvements while transferring facility operation to NTC.  These projects entail: replacing plant lighting equipment to LED lights for better illumination efficiency adding smart meters to control plant power consumption for energy saving and carbon reduction, as well as for smart management as noted by the agency.  Tzeng Sheng-kai, Chief of SSOs Public Works Section, added that with a daily household sewage processing capacity of 1.32 million tons, the BaliSewage Treatment Plant has been protecting the environment along the Tamsui River for more than two decades. It is undergoing 3-phased equipment replacement and upgrade program to improve operation equipment and processing efficiency.  Works done in the latest phase, from October 2017 to January 2019, covers the replacement of mechanical conduits and electric and control equipment, as well as improving the availability of the water regeneration equipment to 93% or above to maintain normal sewage processing. The facility safeguards the water quality along the Tamsui River Basin and continues to serve residents of the Greater Taipei area. 
On March 21, Secretary General Jack Huang of Importers and Exporters Association of Taipei and Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce Chief Economic Development Officer David Hartnett signed a Memorandum of Understanding to boost business ties between the two sister cities.  The signing ceremony was witnessed by Governor Brian Kemp of Georgia, Atlanta Mayor Keisha Lance Bottoms, Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Atlanta Director General Vincent Liu, and Mayor Ko Wen-je.  Both sides aim to promote cooperation between businesses, exchanges between NGOs, and information sharing in an effort to bolster trade between the southeastern United States and Taiwan.  The signing of the MoU coincided with the 40th anniversary of sister city ties between Taipei and Atlanta. Mayor Ko led a delegation of city officials from Taipei to celebrate and cement the ties between the sister cities. At the MoU signing ceremony, Ko expressed his hopes that the Importers and Exporters Association of Taipei (IEAT), the citys largest business organization, would help expand Taipeis international trade.  In his address, Huang responded that, even when IEAT had signed agreements with 23 industrial and commercial organizations across the United States, it had not yet established a cooperative relationship with any industrial and commercial groups in Atlanta, Georgias capital. He noted that global giants like Coca-Cola and CNN have their headquarters in Atlanta.  As the largest and most influential business community in the region, the Metro Atlanta Chamber (MAC) counts blue-chip companies among its members, such as Bank of America, UPS, and AT&T. MAC and IEAT both have large membership bases, which will now be able to develop more business opportunities with one another through the exchange platform to be established under the freshly inked MoU.  Hartnett noted that MAC, established 159 years ago, in its import and export promotion work, not only endeavors to attract manufacturers to set up operations in the region, but also invests in developing a world-class local talent base and business-friendly environment to drive Atlantas innovation and economic development forward.  He underscored that MAC looks forward to fleshing out the platform envisioned by the MoU, through such activities as trade and investment seminars, business matchmaking events, trade missions, sourcing conferences, and business opportunity information sharing, which will create benefits on both sides.  A key market for Taiwanese manufacturers, the United States has been a close partner for the island nation  especially in terms of economic and trade cooperation. As Taiwans largest organization promoting import and export, IEAT has nearly 6,000 members in Taipei and other major cities across Taiwan and is the largest and most influential business group in the country.  The Taipei City Government was honored to witness the signing of the MoU and will be happy to lend its support where necessary to bolster the economic ties between both cities and help create win-win situations for the US and Taiwan.
Spending your weekends at home playing games on your phone? The Taipei City Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) has prepared a bigger challenge for you: the Taipei Grand Trail, which comprises hiking routes around Taipei with total length spanning 92 kilometers. Over the past six months, more than 1,000 people have already collected 12 stamps and mementos to celebrate their healthy and fun achievements.  According to GEO, the Taipei Grand Trail has a total length of 92km and an elevation differential of 1120m. The route starts from MRT Guandu Station in northern Taipei and ends at Chengchi University in southern Taipei. The Taipei Grand Trail has proven popular with the public, and even Uncle Ko (Taipei mayor Ko Wen-je) recently braved the elements on a rainy weekend to join his fellow citizens in the challenge.  In just six months, more than 1,000 people have traversed the Taipei Grand Trail, which can be completed in seven separate trails and whenever it suits the hikers schedule. The routes consist of beautiful rural footpaths and hiking trails with stone steps winding through and over rolling hills.  While so near to the city, these routes nevertheless take people out of the urban landscape and lead them back to a natural state of mind. The smells of the forests and fields and the never-ending concert of birds and insects help wash away ones worries of the urban life below and take a deep refreshing breath, both physically and mentally.  GEO Industrial and Trail Section Chief Chen Yan-cheng pointed out that the Taipei Grand Trail covers quite a long distance, so most people will finish it in several stages. The fact that 1,000 people have completed the Taipei Grand Trail in such a short time shows that residents love hiking in the mountains. The Industrial and Trail Section is continually improving the signage system and the environment along the trails to stimulate the micro-businesses along them and to get people out of their homes and into nature, that vast source of joy and health.  Further information is available on the GEO website at https://english.geo.gov.taipei/ and its Facebook fan page. During office hours, the GEO office has flyers available, as well as hiking towels (while supplies last) and a nice gift for every 100th visitor!  The GEO website also has a download section with photos of the Taipei Grand Trail, which can be freely downloaded and shared. Dont forget to like the photos and news posts on GEOs Facebook fan page!
On March 20, the Taipei Symphony Orchestra (TSO) announced internationally renowned Israeli conductor Eliahu Inbal as its new Chief Conductor, who will lead the orchestra as its artistic leader from next August.  In preparation for the succession of then Chief Conductor Gilbert Varga, who was scheduled to complete his term by December 2018, the city government initiated the search and selection for a successor in May 2018. The selection committee of prominent music experts, officials from the Department of Cultural Affairs, and representatives of TSO met three times before unanimously choosing Eliahu Inbal to head the orchestra from August 2019 through July 2022.  Inbal brings impressive international credentials. Widely regarded as one of the leading Gustav Mahler interpreters of our day, his first undertaking will be to perform the complete works of Mahler with TSO.  Inbal believes that exploring and performing Mahlers works are an excellent way for the orchestra and its new conductor to get to know one another. Mahlers strengths are that his works have delicate parts, akin to Schubert and Schumann, while others harness strong energy reminiscent of Berlioz, Shostakovich, and Wagner. It takes high levels of musicality, technique, and rhythm for musicians to bring Mahlers compositions to life. So, Mahler is great material for a conductor to lead a new orchestra, notes Inbal.  Unable to attend the press conference in Taiwan due to his itinerary performances, Inbal did greet music lovers and reporters in Taiwan by way of a recorded video message, sharing that he always feels deeply impressed by the tremendous dedication and hard work of Taiwanese musicians. With regard to TSO, his ambition is to unleash the orchestras full potential.  Based on his wealth of experience as principal conductor of leading orchestras around the world, Inbal told the audience confidently: I cannot speak of TSOs past or present, but I can tell you about its future! We are all looking forward to exciting cooperation to grow and develop TSO!  The orchestras first performance under Inbals baton, scheduled for October 2019, will be Mahlers Symphony No. 8 in E-flat major, one of the largest-scale choral works in the classical concert repertoire and known as the Symphony of a Thousand. This symphony will serve as the grand opening of an ambitious musical journey with the Taipei Symphony Orchestra under his tenure that will include Mahler, Bruckner, and Shostakovich concerts.  At the age of 26, Inbal won first prize in the Guido Cantelli Conducting Competition, which ignited his international career. He has served as principal conductor to the hr-Synphonieorchester in Frankfurt, Teatro La Fenice in Venice, Orchestra Nazionale della RAI in Turin, Konzerthausorchester Berlin, and concurrently the esk filharmonie in Prague and the Tokyo Metropolitan Symphony Orchestra. He is still the Conductor Laureate of the orchestra in Frankfurt.  Over the course of these appointments, Inbal has garnered critical and popular acclaim for his interpretations of Mahler, Bruckner and Shostakovich, winning numerous awards and accolades, including an officership in the French Order of Arts and Letters, the Golden Medal for Merit from the City of Vienna, the Goethe Badge of Honour from the City of Frankfurt, and the Federal Cross of Merit from the Federal Republic of Germany.
On the afternoon of March 19, Taipei Mayor Ko We-je visited the United States Department of State, where he met behind closed doors with Hanscom Smith, Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Asia Pacific Affairs, John J. Norris Jr., Managing Director of the Washington Office of the American Institute in Taiwan, and Daniel K. Delk, Deputy Director of the State Department's Office of Taiwan Coordination.  In the evening of the same day, Mayor Ko attended a welcoming reception held in his honor at the Twin Oaks Estate, the home of the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office in the United States.  During his speech, Mayor Ko expressed his appreciation and gratitude to Representative Stanley Kao and the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office for their assistance to his trip, mentioning that this was his second visit to Washington D.C. since 2013.  Ko said that the slogan of the Taipei 2017 Universiade was Let Taiwan Walk Out, Let the World Walk in, Let the World See Taiwan. This trip, with visits to and direct communications with US government departments and think tanks, reaffirms that the US is Taiwans most important ally, and both nations share such universal values as democracy and freedom, diversity and openness. The governments and people of the United States and Taiwan all firmly believe in those values, which is why the United States and Taiwan are advancing firmly together.  The mayor expressed his belief that more exchange and communication will benefit the stability of the cooperation between both sides, emphasizing that the shared values further contribute to their stable cooperation. Mayor Ko wound up his speech by once again thanking the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office in the United States for its generous assistance.  After his visit to the State Department, Mayor Ko gave a group interview to the media, where a reporter asked what had been discussed in the meeting at the State Department. Ko smiled at the reporter: Of course Im not going to tell you! Whats spoken inside someones home cannot be repeated outside. At any rate, the US is Taiwans most important friend. This is the most important thing, he said.
With Taiwan quickly becoming a super-aged society, more than 40,000 families in Taipei employ migrant workers to take care of their elderly or physically/mentally-disabled family members. To help ease these families pressure in providing informal care and to know what long-term care services are available, Taipei City has set up the Migrant Caregiver Family Support Hotline at (02) 7703-1977. The service is now running as a pilot project for families in the Zhongshan and Datong districts.  In the past, visits to families employing migrant caregivers would focus on the migrant workers well-being. For family members, the pressure from managing their caregiver and other long-term care may gradually erode the relationship between the local family and their foreign caregiver and also indirectly affect the care given to the family member in need.  A survey conducted by the Ministry of Labor has found that one in five families employing a foreign caregiver is concerned with the quality of the care provided and the caregivers adaptation to local and family life. Their heavy burden often leads to deterioration of the employer-employee relationship.  Both migrant workers and family members deserve support and relief. If family members are better informed of the long-term care options available to Taipei families, that will ease the burden of the foreign caregiver and the local family alike, which would be a win-win-win for the foreign employee, the employing family, and their elderly or physically or mentally disabled family member in need of care and kindness.  A first for Taiwan, the Taipei Migrant Caregiver Family Support Program provides specialized support for families in Zhongshan and Datong districts that employ a foreign caregiver for their family member with care needs.  After identifying a familys source of pressure, these specialists help arrange for additional long-term care on top of the live-in caregiver, such as guidance on managing a migrant caregiver, applying for the Four Care Purses (subsidies for care and services assisted transportation assistive devices and home adaptation informal care relief), and other healthcare and welfare information. They also give emotional support to the migrant caregivers.  Early diagnosis of the home situation of a family with care needs and timely support can help prevent the labor relation from deteriorating or even blowing up. With sufficient, good care and a stable labor relationship in place, family members can go out to work with peace of mind.  This service has been commissioned to the Jianshun Care Center Foundation, which supports families in the Zhongshan district, Datong district and elsewhere that employs migrant caregivers.  Families interested in this service may contact Jianshun at (02) 7703-1977 or follow the Jianshun Foundations Facebook page at Taipei. The Taipei City Foreign and Disabled Labor Offices website at https://fd.gov.taipei/ also offers information (in Chinese).
Taipei attracts business, talent, and investment from around the country, while foreign companies and entrepreneurs find Taiwans capital city a convenient environment to start up new business ventures. To pave the way further for still more entrepreneurs from abroad, the Department of Economic Developments Entrepreneurial Services Office (TESO) and the French Chamber of Commerce and Industry (CCI France Taiwan) jointly hosted a networking event for Taipei-based foreign entrepreneurs on March 19.  In addition to introducing the Taipei Entrepreneurial Services Office and the citys resources for start-up companies and innovation, two foreign entrepreneurs shared their experiences with applying for the Project of Subsidies & Incentives for Taipei Industry to help fellow foreigners understand the resources that Taipei City offers to foreign entrepreneurs.  In 2017, Zouba Study Co., Ltd., a study abroad agency specializing in France, obtained a start-up subsidy from the Department of Economic Development (DOED). Zouba Study founder Erika Lematre moved from France to Taiwan ten years ago. She has decades of experience in teaching French language and culture and a deep understanding of differences in culture and education between both countries. With TESOs support and the subsidy from Taipei City, her company has taken off and is doing brisk business. In 2018, John Foo Chuan Teng established Haoyou Shijie Co., Ltd., also with a start-up subsidy from DOED. Hailing from Singapore, John came to Taiwan to set up his travel information sharing platform after being attracted by Taipeis high-quality talent pool and comprehensive support offered by the city government, which he has found to be generous and effective in getting this overseas business off the ground.  A TESO representative gave an overview of DOEDs services to support innovation in Taipei, including free English-spoken consultation hours at the TESO Startup Clinic Service and the popular Project of Subsidies & Incentives for Taipei Industry, which offers a comprehensive set of grants, subsidies, loans, and tax facilities to start-up entrepreneurs regardless of nationality or industry. Any company, studio, or foreign subsidiary registered in Taipei may apply for the project, which has an all-English interface  from website to forms to guidelines. The audience raised many questions and the events atmosphere was very animated. TESO will continue its work to provide foreign entrepreneurs with a friendly and supportive environment to build business and create prosperity in Taipei.  TESO regularly invites well-known local venture capitalists, successful entrepreneurs, and incubator experts to share their first-hand experience. People interested in entrepreneurial issues are welcome to visit the websites and follow the social media of DOED and StartUp@Taipei to stay up-to-date with their latest news and events.  StartUP@Taipei website: https://www.startup.taipei/ StartUp@Taipei Facebook Fan Page: https://www.facebook.com/StartUPTaipei/
On March 17, the second day of his US tour, Mayor Ko Wen-je had a breakfast meeting with Andrew J. Nathan, China expert and professor at Columbia University. Next he laid a wreath at the 9/11 Museum and Memorial, visited South Street Seaport, had lunch with New York City officials, visited the Museum of Modern Art, and had a casual seminar with Taiwanese students. His busy program concluded with a banquet with the Taiwanese business community in New York State.  After his visit to the South Street Seaport, Mayor Ko gave an interview to a group of reporters, one of whom asked about the discussion between the mayor and professor Nathan. The mayor replied that 50 minutes doesnt allow for much depth after all the courtesies. The key point for the mayor was to make acquaintance with this eminent scholar with influence in the US when it comes to Chinese or Taiwanese issues, to lay the groundwork for future communications. Its important to make friends around the world, so we can invite them to Taiwan in the future or ask for their advice. So, its just a way to get to know more of the world out there. Reporter: Did you get any insights or inspiration? Mayor Ko: Of course after the courtesies, we exchanged our views on different matters.  Reporter: Professor Nathan previously stated his view that the mayors phrase one family on both sides of the Strait is not very mature. Has Nathan given him any advice on adjusting his cross-strait concept? Mayor Ko: Professor Nathan did not respond to the One family across the Strait issue, but he did say that there is still a gap between Taiwan and the Mainland. Everybody has a different view, so if in the future China will democratize, would that give more opportunities for more exchanges between the Mainland and Taiwan? To which the professor had said Of course. To be honest, there still exist some barriers between Taiwan and the Mainland, and differences in communication and different views. Reporter: So, we have not become one family across the Strait yet? Mayor Ko: This whole thing is about attitude. One family across the Strait is an attitude," like ""How are you? I show my friend needs to you. OK"," that's all.""  Reporter: Professor Nathan has mentioned that the US government is curious about Mayor Ko. Could it be that your trip to the US enables Washington to vet you and give you the nod", so to speak, to run for president? Mayor Ko: Theyre curious for sure, and historically there have been very few surgeon-turn-politician. To my knowledge, the US has never had physician as president. When I mentioned this to professor Nathan, he said that the Malaysian president, Mahathir, is a physician by profession. Japan also has never had a doctor as prime minister. So, of course there is curiosity when a doctor enters the political arena.  Reporter: Scholars here in the US generally think that the United States and China will enter into a new cold war. In such a scenario, how should Taiwan act, as it would be sitting in the middle? How should Taiwan handle this global trend in your view? Mayor Ko: I wouldnt dare talk about the situation 50 years from now, but for the next 15 years or so, the world will see an America and China that are in an antagonistic relationship. Thats our backdrop when considering these things. Taiwan is a small player, so its an interesting question. When I asked Professor Nathan about this, he just smiled. So, basically, a global context where the US and China are in an antagonistic relationship is probably a given and unlikely to change. So, how other countries deal with that, thats a good question for everyone to consider. Sometimes when you ask a scholar, theyll only smile back at you.
With the theme of Open to the World, the 2019 World Grand Prix of ballroom dancing will take place on March 30 at the Taipei Arena and on March 31 in the basement theater of Taipei City Council.  A total of 400 dance athletes from more than 30 countries will participate in the highest-ranking ballroom dance competition held in Taiwan, co-organized by the Taipei Department of Sports (DOS) and the Taiwan Dance Sport Development Association (TDDA).  A long-standing supporter of ballroom dancing, DOS has co-organized several internationally certified ballroom dance competitions together with TDDA. The 11th edition of the annual World Grand Prix is to take place in the Taipei Arena, where 24 of the worlds strongest professional dancers are on the roster -- including modern dance world champions Mirko & Edita, the worlds no. 2 Latin dance couple Stefano & Daria, the worlds no. 2 show dance couple Gerhard Van Rooyen & Amor Kruger, and many others who will participate in the star-studded night-time extravaganza. The venue being Taipei Arena allows Taiwanese dance aficionados to see the worlds best dancers up close without having to fly to other countries.  The organizers offer 1,000 free-admission tickets from March 20, 11:00-19:00. Four uniform invoice still valid for the Tax Bureaus lottery can be exchanged for one free-admission ticket at the TDDA offices (7F-4, No. 76, Nanjing West Road, Datong District, Taipei City) while supplies last. The receipts annex government lottery tickets will be donated to the Southern Taipei Family Helper Project of the Taiwan Fund for Children and Families, a cause worthy of everyones support.  A run of limited-edition World Grand Prix-themed Charity EasyCards will be issued to enable disadvantaged children with talent and a passion for dancing to join competitions abroad as representatives of Taiwan. A Blackpool Dance Festival winner and ballroom dancing world champion leads Project Hope for Tomorrows Dance Kings, which receives more and more acclaim and donations every year. This years edition of Project Hope features special charity EasyCards with unique designs that the public can purchase at a special fee which will be donated to the project. 
Mayor Ko Wen-jes paid a visit to the 2019 Asian Wedding Shopping Festival, which is co-organized by the Taipei City Governments Department of Civil Affairs (DCA), Department of Economic Development (DOED) and the Taipei Wedding Photography Association. The upcoming event is connected with the romantic Zhuzihu Lake Calla Lily Festival. The wedding fair offers affordable packages for new couples to celebrate their happiness.  The wedding industry is a romantic industry and harbors considerable economic potential for Taipeis economy, according to the mayor. Each year, 20,000 new couples visit Taiwan from abroad for photo shoots, wedding banquets, and honeymoon trips. If you add up those expenditures, plus the wedding dresses, grooms suits, and consumption by the couples relatives and friends, NT$ 200,000 per wedding is a low estimate. Times 20,000 couples makes NT$ 4 billion (USD 130 million). If the wedding industry and associated businesses, such as hospitality and retail, can expand their offerings and enhance their outreach to newlyweds and their guests, their combined expenditure could easily be doubled, bringing in a lot of foreign exchange.  The mayor remarked that if you want to attract more foreign couples to come to Taiwan to marry, you must have a lot of romance. Couples planning to get married are encouraged to visit the EXPO Dome to take part in the 2019 Asian Wedding Shopping Festival  a perfect place for their one-stop-shop for everything from rental gowns and suits to banquets and photo shoots.  Taipei has three wedding-related events, the mayor noted: The joint weddings of the DCA the Zhuzihu Lake Calla Lily Festival in Yangmingshan organized by the DOED and the Asian Wedding Shopping Festival organized by the Taipei Wedding Photography Association. By connecting these three events, the Taipei City Government is increasing their impact, and ensuring that every new couple can afford to have a beautiful and memorable wedding day.  Last year, linking this wedding fair with the joint weddings held by DCA and the Calla Lily Festival led by DOED worked out well, according to the DOED. The events noticeably attracted more new couples and visitors, which is why this years edition of Asian Wedding has moved to the bigger EXPO Dome at the Taipei Expo Park. Supporting the fairs theme of Our Dream Wedding, this new location  with its lovely park and eco-design building  is likely to further grow visitor numbers and advance the wedding industry in Taipei. 
Did you know that calla lilies come in wetland varieties and dryland varieties? The dryland varieties come in various colors, while the calla lilies raised in the nurseries on the moist soil around Zhuzihu (Bamboo Lake) in Yangmingshan National Park are of a delicate creamy white.  In the language of flowers, Calla lilies stand for purity, bliss, and endless loveand the flower-decked rolling hills around the lake certainly feel like a romantic wonderland! The Department of Economic Development (DOED), the Beitou Farmers Association and the Taipei Farmers Association have laid out trips and routes for people to enjoy the floral beauty and the mountains in Taipeis backyard. There are cultural and ecological guided tours, affordable half-day packages on ecological farms, and one-day mini trips around the Calla Lily Festival. So come enjoy the rustic romance around Zhuzihu.  On weekdays between March 29 and April 28, the public may sign up for a two-hour free ecological tours with experienced guides. The tours start at 10:30 and 14:00 at the Zhuzihu parking lot. The guides will share the local history of farming around the lake and take their guests to farming management offices from the Japanese colonial era, the Kao Family Shrine, Shuicheliao Trail, groves of Japanese Cedar, and all the way to Dinghu.  Those interested in seeing the famous sights around Zhuzihu, enjoying a wholesome meal prepared from local ingredients, and cutting a bunch of calla lilies to take home, should register for the Half-Day Eco Farm Tour of the Beitou Farmers Association. The NT$ 500 tour fee includes insurance, tour guide, flower cutting, DIY materials, and tea with snacks or a meal. There are ten slots per tour only, allocated on a first come first serve basis.  The Tuesday tour visits serene Dinghu, while the Thursday tour goes to the busy Calla Lily Boulevard with its bustling farms and nurseries on either side. Tour participants will hear about the history and ecology of Zhuzihu and its environs, cut flowers, do a plant-based DIY workshop, and bring home a fragrant harvest and some beautiful memories. To sign up, call the Beitou Farmers Association at (02) 2892-4185 ext. 340, 450 or Fax at (02) 2893-0227.  The Beitou Farmers Association also offers a one-day excursion spotlighting the Calla Lily Festival, which includes a tour bus ride up Yangmingshan for a walk around Zhuzihu and the local farms. The tour fee of NT$ 1500 per person includes the bus shuttle, meal, entry tickets, tour leader, ecological guide, and insurances (NT$ 500,000 liability NT$ 200,000 medical). This tour is held on the Fridays of March 22, April 12, April 26, and on other group dates by appointment, and for groups of at least 18 persons.  The meeting point for the tour is in front of Taiwan Business Bank opposite Daan MRT Station. The morning program takes participants to the Shuicheliao Trail at Zhuzihu and the Calla Lily Trail at Dinghu. The afternoon program takes place at one of the ecological farms, where one can enjoy being close to nature, making some cute or lucky handicraft items, and preparing yummy bamboo buns stuffed with local, boiled bamboo. Youll return home with your lungs filled with mountain air, your stomach full of good country food, and your heart brimming with happy memories. To sign up for the One-Day Calla Lily Festival Tour, call the Taipei Farmers Association at (02) 2707-0612 ext. 266.  The romantic 2019 Zhuzihu Calla Lily Festival runs from March 29 through April 28. For further details, please visit the DOED website at https://www.doed.gov.taipei/ or follow the DOEDs Facebook fan page at https://www.facebook.com/doed.taipei/
At the March 14 media event that opened the 2019 Taipei Azalea Season, Mayor Ko Wen-je noted that this flower festival  which follows right after the Lantern Festival  is now embarking on its third edition.  He expressed the hope that in years to come the event taking place at the shopping and dining districts around Wenzhou Street, Roosevelt Road, Dingzhou Road, and the university quarter around National Taiwan University would become more closely connected with the independent bookstores, live music venues, coffee shops, and student-organized events to create a unique springtime festival in southern Taipei.  The mayor recalled that the late National Taiwan university professor Hsieh Fong-jou, a well-known gynecologist, told him four years ago that for a city to progress it should have a symbol to unify and drive forward its cultural life. In Taipeis case, the azalea could serve this purpose, as it is the official city flower and a characteristic of National Taiwan University (NTU) and its environs. Around the world, universities not only engage in academic pursuits but also invest in the cultural life and landscape on and around their campuses.  In this regard, professor Hsieh reminded the mayor that NTU is the best preserved cultural relic from the Japanese colonial period, while the universitys central avenue with its king palms and rhododendrons, and the Drunken Moon Lake surrounded by azaleas and rhododendrons on its campus, are unique cultural assets. At a meeting at the home of NTU professor Yang Pan-chi, superintendent of National Taiwan University Hospital, it was decided that they would draw up a long-term plan.  Rome wasnt built in a day, and a successful event takes time to grow into a staple event and a cultural icon, the mayor remarked. This is why the city government plants 100,000 azaleas and rhododendrons around the city each year, with a concentration around the college quarter around NTU stretching from Daan Forest Park to Treasure Hill Artist Village.  While 100,000 azaleas and rhododendrons may sound like a lot, but in fact it is not that much on the scale of a city like Taipei, noted the mayor. Still, he expressed his hopes that the perennial cultivars among them would gradually transform southern Taipei into a bloom suburb each February and March as a backdrop for the academic and cultural events that gear up again after the Chinese New Year holiday. Over time, the Taipei Azalea Season and a host of cultural events could become a cultural icon for the city.  Ko added that professor Hsieh had passed away quite suddenly last year, but his proposal to grow a cultural city icon around the azalea is gradually bearing fruit. Perhaps twenty or thirty years from now, few people will remember this professor, but if after the Chinese New Year holiday they look forward to the azalea season and the cornucopia of cultural events happening in southern Taipei, then his dream will have been accomplished.  An industry and a culture needs to be rooted in a place, Mayor Ko emphasized, adding that he was especially pleased to see so many borough chiefs present at the media event, because neighborhoods need to join forces with the businesses in their midst if they wish to create cultural events with deeper roots, higher profiles, and wider reach. It is great to see that this years edition of the Taipei Azalea Season is collaborating with I JY SHENG Bakery and Hwayuan Foods to create azalea-themed cakes and that boutiques in the Gongguan shopping area are also joining in.  Mayor Ko noted that the district around Wenzhou Street, Roosevelt Road, and Dingzhou Road, with its abundance of independent bookstores, live music venues, and coffee shops, has been able to develop into a cultural and creative hotspot thanks to the tens of thousands of students from NTU, National Taiwan Normal University, and National Taiwan University of Science and Technology. Each year, these cultural, creative, and culinary businesses and student clubs start planning for events and specialty products on occasion of the Taipei Azalea Season, and each year this festival in southern Taipei grows in diversity and scale.  Ko wound up by reiterating the hosts earlier announcement that from March 16 to early April, the Taipei Water Park and Daan Forest Park will host a series of cultural and artistic events. The mayor shared his sentiment that these beautiful outdoor venues have the potential to grow their events into festivals that could attract not just Greater Taipei residents but also foreign travelers that are in town for the Taipei Azalea Season. 
The 9,960,000,000th Taipei Metro passenger has shown up at MRT Xihu station! All participants in the forecasting game that voted for the Wenhu Line, of which Xihu is a station, are now eligible for the lucky draw of the big prize.  Theres still time to join the last round of the In Search of Passenger No. 10,000,000,000 event by voting for the station where you think the 10 billionth passenger will emerge, and liking and sharing the event on social media. Stay tuned because that passenger might even be you! As you take the MRT, like or follow the Taipei Metro Fan Page on Facebook, or pin the page on top of your feed to stay up to date as the news unfolds.  The In Search of Passenger No. 10,000,000,000 event also includes the Five Hottest MRT Lines with the Highest Number of Votes event, which includes a lucky draw with grand prizes of EasyCards containing a three-month (90-day) Metro Taipei Free Pass for each lucky winner drawn from among those that have correctly predicted the MRT line where the 9,960,000,000th, 9,970,000,000th, 9,980,000,000th, and 9,990,000,000th passengers will show up.  In the Share Event Pictures to Attract More Votes event, people may invite friends and family to join the activity, which features a lucky draw with prizes like EasyCards containing three-month, one-month, and 72-hour Metro Taipei Free Passes commemorative EasyCard gift boxes signed by the mayor of Taipei a Zenfone 5 a voucher for a one-night stay for two at the Spring City Resort, and many other gifts. For further details, check the Taipei Metro Fan Page on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/metro.taipei/ or visit the event website at http://taipeimetro10billion.com.tw/prizes.  For music lovers, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) will hold two celebratory concerts titled A Hundred Golden Melodies to Usher in the Tenth Billionth Guest on March 30 and 31 from 13:30 until 18:00 at MRT Daan Park Station. Evergreens from the nineties, hits from the noughties, and contemporary rock songs will be performed by well-known artists, rising singers, and indie groups.  The program of 100 unique covers will take the audience down memory lane from 1996, when the MRT opened its first line, until today, with the metro indispensable to the fabric of the city. At the concert venue, there will also be a creative lifestyle bazaar. With song and dance and food and drink, it promises to be a merry metro time!  For further information, please contact TRTCs 24-hr customer service hotline: (02) 218-12345, the Citizen Hotline: 1999 (02-2720-8889 when calling from outside Taipei), or visit the TRTC Chinese website https://www.metro.taipei/. 
The Taipei City Government is expanding its successful cross-sector e-commerce platform for industry and academia this year by inviting universities and colleges from all over Taiwan to join in. The City established its e-commerce platform in 2017, the first of this kind and scale in Taiwan.  A media event to kick off the Taipei City Public-Private E-Commerce Platform Project on March 13 was attended by Zhang Yuebo, Taiwan country manager for Alibaba Global Exchange, and Lin Hui-jun, Taiwan country manager for Amazon Global Selling. At the media event, the Department of Economic Development (DOED) introduced the e-commerce platform, which has already attracted 7 universities, 39 teams of professionals, and 211 college students. The universities currently active on the platform are: National Taipei University, National Taipei University of Business, Ming Chuan University, Shih Chien University, Hsing Wu University of Science and Technology, Takming University of Science and Technology University, Chihlee University of Technology. As another key activity of the platform, DOED organized a talent market in July 2018 where businesses were matched with e-commerce graduates and young professionals to bolster employment as well as Taiwans cross-border e-commerce capabilities.  The e-commerce platform that we founded last year was the first in Taiwan to team up with the worlds top-three e-commerce giants Amazon, Alibaba, and eBay to develop a local e-commerce talent base, explained DOED Commissioner Lin Chong-jie, adding that this years collaboration between industry and academia will further expand through training programs, traineeships, contests, and more, bridging the gap between colleges and companies, and quickly developing the e-commerce talent base that the city and the country needs.  Young people are apt at using and developing digital tools, Lin noted, expressing confidence that the industry-academia collaboration occurring through the platform would boost students employability and help solve companies e-commerce staff shortages, which has become a considerable bottleneck in expanding international trade for Taiwans medium-sized enterprises.  Taiwan has a serious lack of e-commerce talent, due to vocational schools and colleges focus on traditional commerce. But business is going virtual, with online pricing platforms, virtual trade shows, web-based auctions, and others. We need much more talent to compete on those platforms, said Cai Jian-lang, marketing director with Yishuo Integrated Marketing. With six years of e-commerce experience under his belt, Cai participated in the Taipei City Public-Private E-Commerce Platform Project last year and found it very useful. Corroborating Cais point, market research firm eMarketer forecasts that the global B2B and B2C e-commerce market will approach USD 1 trillion by 2020, and is unlikely to stop there. In a volatile global economy, e-commerce can spread and stabilize ones exposure to market risks, and open up new Blue Oceans for them.  Last year, Taipei City Mayor Ko Wen-je formulated his policy vision that In the next five years, e-commerce and logistics will upend Taipeis business world and labor market.  In response to that vision, the city government rolled out three major activities last year: providing comprehensive business support services, fostering collaboration between industry and academia, and selecting inspiring benchmark businesses. Of these three activities, collaboration between colleges and companies has been leading, because expanding and upgrading a talent base for e-ecommerce is the most urgent task at hand to keep Taiwanese companies global commerce capabilities abreast with the times.  For further information on the Taipei City Public-Private E-Commerce Platform Project, please visit the project website at http://www.ieatpe.org.tw/t2w/ or phone the project manager Mr. Li at (02) 2581-3521 ext. 611. More information can also be found on the DOED website at https://www.doed.gov.taipei/ and the StartUP@Taipei website at https://www.startup.taipei/, which has easy add buttons for their Facebook, LINE, and Twitter accounts. 
Taipei Co-Space is the first start-up space set up by the Department of Economic Development (DOED) to provide a co-working space for micro-entrepreneurs and start-ups. StartUP@Taipei has entered into collaboration with Amazon Web Services, which will open a Cloud Incubator this year to support the tenants of Taipei Co-Space with a comprehensive service portfolio.  Together, StartUP@Taipei by DOED and Cloud Incubator by Amazon Web Services (AWS) will offer a portfolio of state-of-the-art support services to outstanding start-up teams in the innovation lab, including cloud credits, technical support, online and offline training, one-on-one consulting, and a global network of partners to collaborate with. AWS aims to invest its resources to help more Taipei-based start-ups grow faster.  The facility has been in operation since July 2016 under the management of the Taiwan Private Equity Association (TPEA). This specialized management team has admitted about 80 start-up teams per year to its incubator program. To date, 61 of those have reached various stages of investment or production, with a combined value of NT$ 49 million (USD 1.5 million), while another NT$ 64 million in government subsidies has been awarded to the most promising start-ups among them. This platform for cross-disciplinary collaboration among innovative ventures has proven to be an effective engine driving economic development, earning Taipei a reputation as a start-up-friendly place.  Running the incubator space, we have found that cloud services are increasingly important to our tenant companies in order to take their business to the next level. AWS has more than a decade of experience in assisting start-ups around the world with building their business by providing highly flexible cloud services and facilities. Through securing collaboration with a big player like AWS, StartUP@Taipei is lifting Taipeis start-up ecosystem to a truly international level and we expect that this will set in motion a virtuous cycle for Taipei-based start-ups to break into the global marketplace.  For further information, please visit the Taipei Co-Space website https://www.cospace-taipei.com/ for information on entrepreneurial guidance, please visit StartUP@Taipei website at https://www.startup.taipei/, or follow StartUP@Taipei on Facebook, LINE, or Twitter. The people of StartUP@Taipei also welcome interested individuals to visit their service office on the first floor of Taipei City Halls North Wing. They can be reached via the Citizen Hotline: Tel 1999 (or (02) 2720-8889 when calling from outside Taipei), then select or ask for extension 1431 or 6498. 
In his speech at the media event ahead of the 19th Taipei International Bakery Show, Mayor Ko Wen-je congratulated the Taipei Bakery Association, the organizer, on its success in building a 100-booth trade show into Asias leading bakery event, today featuring 1800 booths of movers and shakers and bakers from around the world. Over the past two decades Taiwan has become a formidable force in the global baking industry, the mayor noted.  The Taipei International Bakery Show will be held from March 15 through 18 at the Taipei World Trade Centers Nangang Exhibition Hall. The mayor quipped that visitors shouldnt eat before they visit the trade show, because they will likely be bombarded with samples and tasters as they browse the exhibition.  At the exhibition, vendors will introduce their baking equipment and technologies, ingredients and consumables, supplier cooperatives and franchise formulas, as well as fine wines and gourmet coffees that pair well with pastries. The mayor reminded his audience that, in the old days, people felt lucky if theyd eaten their fill. As the Taiwanese economic miracle unfolded, living standards rose and a bakery culture developed.  Ko cited Wu Pao-chun, the award-winning King Baker, as an example. The international prizes Wu and other Taiwanese bakers have been winning over the years demonstrate that Taiwans bakery technology and techniques have reached international levels. Referring to the trade shows Han Pastry Innovation Contest, Ko shared that he had searched online to find out what Han cakes are. It turned out that the term refers to the Han Dynasty (circa 200 BC to 200 AD) when these paste-filled pastries came into existence. Nowadays they often come in pressed form with lucky characters embossed on top, as in double-luck wedding cakes and cakelettes, and their bean or fruit-based fillings can be sweet and sometimes savory. He felt pleased that such a familiar type of cake presented under such an unfamiliar name took center stage at the opening event.  Fifteen teams, including eight from Taipei, were selected for the final round of the Han Pastry Innovation Contest. Ko reminded the audience that it takes three generations to grow a gentleman, hence it made sense that prosperous Taipei occupies so many of the finalist slots. He hoped that the champion and runner-up would both hail from Taipei, although that would be a bit of a selfish wish, he chuckled. The mayor concluded by wishing the organizers and exhibitors a fruitful trade show and encouraged professionals and the general public to visit the event at TWTC Nangang Exhibition Hall starting March 15.  Next, Taipei Bakery Association chairman Kao Chui-tsung took the stage to answer questions from the media. He explained that this years bakery show brings together vendors of culinary supplies, home-making, and fashion around the theme of home-based baking. He also expressed his hopes that the innovative products presented at the Han Pastry Innovation Contest, such as pastries for weddings and funerals, would rejuvenate and innovate the baking profession and inspire more young bakers and consumers. Besides traditional pineapple cakes, there is a wealth of delicious pressed Han cakes to explore and enjoy! 
To let travelers in Taipei experience Taiwans traditional greeting culture (Have you eaten?  You need a hand?), the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) is holding a Greet and Meet a Friend event starting March 12 and lasting for one month. The event involves 26 temporary in-store Information Stations collaborating with the private sector, where tourists can go in and ask questions, have a chat, or buy something.  Anyone entering an information station will receive a cute lucky charm (while supplies last), while some business owners offering additional gifts, such as 50% price reductions. For instance, the On My Way youth hostel chain offers NT$ 50 tickets for Taipeis double-decker sightseeing busses (one ticket per hostel guest), the Evergreen Maritime Museum offers entry tickets at half price, and other stores also have special offers to make travelers in springtime Taipei feel the friendly hospitality of the Taiwanese people.  The lucky charms come in four models: Peace & Health, Joy & Wealth, Success in School, and Heavenly Blessings. Travelers can pick whichever appeals to them most. TPEDOIT City Tourism Division Chief Chu Pin-tse explains: the handmade wooden charms with colorful prints on the front and reverse have a nice touch and look, and are complemented by a traditional Chinese knot pendant. For local and foreign travelers alike, they make nice mementos and even collectors items (tourists may collect different ones at several information stations, available while supplies last).  The information stations from the Greet and Meet a Friend event coincide with the Taipei Azalea Season, Chu said, so that travelers can get directions to the citys azalea hotspots and tips on other fun things to do. For instance, in the shopping district around Wenzhou Street, Roosevelt Road, and Dingzhou Road, where thousands of azaleas and rhododendrons have been planted, there are also many bookstores and coffee shops to enjoyoften rolled into one, such as the Yabook or Nomading Travel Bookstore, which also happens to be a Information Station participating in the event. In the Yongkang shopping district, with its many boutiques and ethnic and organic stores, the Atealia Tea House is another thoughtful and fragrant information station.  Why not stay overnight to soak up some more of Taipeis springtime flavors? The City of Azaleas around Roosevelt Road and National Taiwan University is in full bloom until at least the end of March, while the Greet and Meet a Friend event with its information stations and special gifts runs from March 12 through April 14.  For further information about the Greet and Meet a Friend event, visit the TPEDOITs event page at https://www.travel.taipei/zh-tw/information/askme, or call Ms. Chen from the TPEDOIT-appointed organizer Voler Marketing at (02) 2758-8218 from Monday to Friday 10:00-17:00, or contact her Line account @myvoler.
On the morning of March 11, Mayor Ko Wen-je met with a visiting delegation of led by his counterpart from New Taipei City  Mayor Hou Yu-ih. The city governments of Taipei and New Taipei have long-standing and cordial ties of collaboration, and thus the meetings agenda focused on expanding their areas of future exchange and collaboration.  After the meeting, both mayors appeared for a joint press conference. Reporters initially focused on the Road along the North Bank of the Tamsui River and the Environmental Impact Assessment of this traffic infrastructure project.  Mayor Ko said that any traffic infrastructure construction should be considered in its entirety and specialized issues should be resolved by specialists. Future Environmental Impact Assessment meetings regarding Phase II of the Road along the North Bank of the Tamsui River will be handled in accordance with the rules. Any undertaking by the government aims to create the greatest good for as many people as possible, and the fact that the Road along the North Bank of the Tamsui River Project was passed indicates that from the specialist perspectives of traffic planning and environmental protection, the highway project overall represents an improvement in terms of traffic.  Mayor Hou added that, due to an injury, he had been unable to personally attend the mayoral-level meeting of the Greater Taipei Cooperation and Exchange Platform in February, and he felt sorry that the Taipei Mayor had to chair the meeting alone. The first purpose of todays visit is to publicly express his gratitude to Mayor Ko for shouldering that task.  He went on to stress that his second purpose of todays meeting was to discuss the Road along the North Bank of the Tamsui River Project. In every meeting, Mayor Ko would use a scientific attitude to confront and resolve issues, and he would always show concern for New Taipeis traffic problems.  New Taipei City residents commuting to Taipei have been eagerly awaiting the Road along the North Bank of the Tamsui River. Whether the highway would generate traffic issues for Taipei should be left to the assessment of specialists, Mayor Hou said, adding that Mayor Kos attitude is very clear, namely that the construction should proceed from where it is after the EIA meeting, and that they should do what needs to be done. So, Mayor Kos view is to support, through an objective process, this projects progress.  A reporter asked Ko Wen-je about his main considerations regarding Taipei investing in a project that mainly or only benefits New Taipei City. The reporter quoted analysts suggesting that Mayor Kos financial support for what is essentially a New Taipei City infrastructure project aims to win support from that citys residents in future presidential elections. Has Mayor Hou noticed such an atmosphere?  Mayor Ko emphatically clarified that his focus is on completing the entire project. As for the budgets allocated by both sides, Mayor Ko stated that we shouldnt be too narrow-minded when collaborating with other cities or counties. The infrastructure cost is borne in part by Taipei, and for another part by New Taipei. Both sides have early on agreed on the principles behind the proportion of their contributions to the joint project, and both mayors mean to keep their word. Taipei is not paying New Taipeis part at all. And this has nothing to do with seeking support from New Taipei City residents. People are simply reading too much into it, the Mayor said.  Some construction projects are evidently a good thing, he added, and he personally doesnt fancy, as has happened, when both sides calculate and argue over the construction cost of every mile, causing unnecessary delays.  Mayor Hou added that during the discussions," he felt Mayor Kos pragmatic approach of simply making policies happen. Just do what needs to be done. Let specialists take care of it. Mayor Hou underscored that the so-called living circles"" of both cities are closely integrated", so this project too must be regarded in a holistic way rather than from the perspective of one city only.  The mayor of New Taipei asserted that the cooperative spirit and concerted efforts of both cities benefit all people living and working in Greater Taipei. In fact, both cities life circles overlap so much: many New Taipei City residents work in Taipei City and vice versa. Mayor Hou concluded by thanking, on behalf of the people of New Taipei City, Mayor Ko for his expert-reliant approach to the Tamsui Highway Project and removing the obstacles to its progress and completion.
At ten oclock in the night of March 10, the police chiefs of Nangang and Xizhi led the first joint roadside spot checks by their neighboring precincts straddling the city border in an effort to improve public safety.  The checks on Nangang Bridge and in the neighborhoods on either side marked the beginning of intensified collaboration between the both precincts. The operation also demonstrated both police forces strengths in law enforcement and their determination to assert their lawful authority.  In recent years, numerous major developments have sprung up in Taipeis smallest district (in terms of population size). Nangang, located in south east of Taipei, is the home to many important facilities, including Taiwan High Speed Rails Nangang Station, CTBC Financal Park, Nankang Software Park, Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center, Academia Sinica, and the nearly completed Taipei Music Center. These facilities are turning this southeast corner of Taiwans capital into a thriving hub.  Taipeis Nangang District and its eastern neighbor Xizhi District of New Taipei City have much in common: both districts are suburbs and traffic hubs of big cities, with large volumes of commuters coming in during the day and leaving again at night due to the good public transport and floating population.  Both areas also have their fair share of public safety issues, such as drug-related crime, theft, and fraud. Some criminals and gangs specifically operate across both areas in order to complicate and evade police investigations. However, the Nangang and Xizhi police precincts are now stepping up their collaboration in order to crack down on crime more effectively.  The Nangang-Xizhi Joint Roadside Spot Checks Program signals the polices crime-fighting capabilities and its determination to maintain law and order, explained Nangang Precinct Chief Chang Lung-Hsing, adding that both precincts will focus on certain incident-prone streets and bridges to bring down crime, while also upgrading their online resources and competences to respond swiftly and decisively to non-street crime. The joint crack-down on crime aims to bolster public safety and ensure that residents, commuters, and visitors all feel as comfortable and safe as anywhere else in Taipei and Taiwan
On March 7, 2019, Taipei City Urban Regeneration Office (URO) Director Fang Ting-An presided over the opening ceremony of the first of several Urban Renewal Service Desks in Taipeis Neihu District.  The service desks will advise neighborhood residents on the legal aspects of remodeling and renovating homes and shared spaces, adding elevators, and issues relating to the Regulation of Speeding up the Reconstruction of Hazardous and Old Buildings, a document issued by the Taipei City Construction Management Office. The service desks are informal places for individuals or groups of local residents to gather the information and guidance they need for remodeling, renovation and other improvements to their neighborhood.  At the opening ceremony, Director Fang said that in addition to the existing Urban Renewal Service Desks at major urban renewal areas around Taipei such as the Shuiyuan Resettled Tenement and the Siwen Borough Renewal Project in the Datong District, the URO has been setting up such service desks in every district of the city since August 2018 to offer residents close and informal service points to discuss their urban renewal needs. In January alone, 600 residents dropped by to give suggestions or ask for advice. The service desk staff also visited old neighborhoods such as the community with buildings constructed of sea sand to reach out to local residents to understand their needs and wishes for their neighborhood, and to offer advice for improving their immediate living environment. So far 27 seminars about the legal aspects of urban renewal have been held.  The opening event was attended by Neihu District Office Secretary Chao Kuo-hua, Lushan Borough Chief Hsu Ming-chuan, Xikang Borough Chief Wang Hsing-kuo, Anhu Borough Chief Yu Shu-wang, Minghu Borough Chief He Ying-hsien, Huzhou Borough Chief Tseng Hung-chang, Yuekang Borough Chief Chang Pi-yu, Kangning Borough Chief Cheng Hsiu-feng, Baohu Borough Chief Chiu Hsien-sung, Xian Borough Chief Li Kuo-jung, Hubin Borough Chief Chen Yu-hsueh, and interested local residents.  Many communities see construction companies move in to undertake renovation projects, noted a Borough Chief, adding that he hoped that the Urban Renewal Service Desks would help residents sort truth from misleading information to protect their rights and interests. Hong Zhisheng, Deputy Manager of the Taipei Urban Regeneration Center and overseer of the Urban Renewal Service Desks, expressed his confidence that the desks will be of great help to inform residents about the ins and outs of urban renewal through legal seminars and consultations for both individuals and groups.  The Neihu District Urban Renewal Service Desk is located at 1F, No. 6, Lane 359, Section 1, Neihu Road, Neihu District, Taipei City. Its opening hours are 13:30-17:30 on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. For further information, please call (02) 2658-5090, 2658-5091, or 2781-5696 ext. 3093, 08:30-17:30 from Monday through Friday. The staff will be happy to help you.
Registration for Night-Time Backstage Tour Opened March 8  The MRT network will soon serve its ten billionth passenger! To thank our passengers and fans, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) is holding a series of celebratory events, including a Taipei Metro Night Shift Backstage Tour on Saturday, March 23 for people to get a unique backstage peek into the metro systems nighttime operations. Besides a visit to the metro system control room, visitors will be able to observe track welding up close, experience the street where automatic trains are washed, and witness the night duty station managers work, among other activities. Slots on the exclusive free tour are limited to 50 people only. Because the event is at night, the minimum participant age is 20. Sign up now to secure your place! Registration for this activity runs from Friday, March 8, 10:00 through Friday, March 15," noon and can be done at: https://web.metro.taipei/event/20190304/index.asp.  ""How do MRT trains move? Little Dino", do you know? TRTC has created the internet celebrity HowHow to show us all on his own how all the work at Taipeis metro system is done. Hell use humor, props, and a railway mirror to show people how their loyal friend who takes them to work, family, and shopping, actually works.  Many people dream of driving a train, and HowHow was lucky enough to see his dream come true! In the electric train driving simulator, he discovered how many things there were to keep an eye on in order to make a train ride go smoothly. Next he visited the train depot in Beitou where he checked carriages for obstructions and malfunctions and practiced making on-board announcements to the passengers. Next he learned how to close all carriage doors properly. His last station was about laundering money: cleaning the single-fare metro tokens in a soap bath and hot-air drier to make sure that there are clean tokens for everyone every day.  As life in Taipei has changed over time, so has its world-leading, award-winning MRT network: from simply a system for transporting commuters, the metro has become an indispensable part of residents and visitors leisure activities. TRTC thanks everyone for their company, because only together can staff and passengers make Taipeis subway one of the most punctual, clean, safe, and convenient metro systems in the world. Lets welcome the ten billionth passenger together!  For further information, please contact TRTCs 24-hour customer service hotline: (02) 218-12345 or the 1999 Citizen Hotline (TEL: 02-2720-8889 when calling from outside Taipei) or the TRTCs Chinese website: http://www.metro.taipei/.
On January 15, 2019, the Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) reopened two side roads off of Xinyi Road in Taipeis northern Beitou District to offer the public easier and safer access to this popular hot spring area. The agency redesigned and widened Lane 402 and Lane 300 off Xingyi Road by eight meters as part of a Taipei City Government policy decision in 2014 that declared the hot spring area along Xingyi Road a key hot spring district.  Lanes 402 and 300 used to vary in width between two to six meters, the GEO noted, which created inconvenient and unsafe situations for cars, scooters, and pedestrians moving up and down the hill. Since the areas designation as a key hot spring district in 2014, the City has allocated annual budgets totaling NT$ 68,970,000 (USD 2.2 million) over the years to plan, design, and implement road work on both side streets, from improving the road beds and surfaces to constructing new covered roadside drainage ditches and landslide blocking walls, as well as improving bridges along these roads.  Both roads were widened to eight meters, while the slopes of certain stretches were lengthened and leveled. The improvements of the road surfaces and water drainage systems were implemented under the sponge city concept, which intends to mitigate the impact of heavy rainfall.  Since their reopening in January 2019, traffic along the improved Lane 402 and Lane 300 has been more convenient and safer. As this knowledge spreads, patronage of the hot springs in this area is expected to grow over time.  In connection with Taipeis key hot spring policy, the Department of Economic Development (DOED) has drawn up a comprehensive plan for the Beitou hot spring area, which includes future construction of sidewalks and public parking lots and the reconstruction of creek and river banks in order to transform Beitou into a leading global hot spring area.   Global warming is already causing heavier rainfall, said Chief Chen Yan-cheng of GEOs Industrial and Trail Section. According to the sponge city concept, the agency employs porous asphalt concrete (PAC) to quickly drain water from the road surface to the covered roadside ditches to improve driving safety. The road improvement design took advantage of using locally excavated soil, which reduced environmental impact as well as expenses  a win-win for everyone.  Coordinating with the businesses in the area proved the most challenging part of the project, Chen added. Each stage of improving the road surfaces and excavating for pipes and wires required numerous coordination meetings with local businesses and residents to ensure the road work could proceed as quickly and smoothly as possible for everyone.  Chairman He of Mt. Shamao Hot Spring Association remarked that hot spring patrons used to have troubles driving and parking in the area. Traffic has become easier now that the roads have been widened, which will hopefully lead to more visitors in the future. 
Taipeis MRT system will soon welcome its 10 billionth passenger! To celebrate this milestone, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC), the company running the ever-evolving and international-award-winning metro system established in 1997, is holding an event titled In Search of Passenger No. 10,000,000,000, and everyone is invited to find -- or be! -- that special person.  The 10 billionth passenger will receive one year of free rides on the MRT system and an ASUS notebook computer with a retail value of NT$ 30,000 (nearly USD 1,000). In addition, the five passengers before and the five passengers after the 10 billionth passenger will receive three months of free rides on the MRT system. People joining in the guessing game of which station the 10 billionth passenger will board their train at will also have a chance of winning great prizes. For more information about the game: http://www.thetenbillionthpassenger.com.tw/.  During this month when Taipei Metro expects to welcome its 10 billionth passenger, the public can participate in several fun games: Predict the Station Where the 10 Billionth Passenger Will Appear, The Five Hottest MRT Lines with the Highest Number of Votes, and Share Event Pictures to Attract More Votes. A lucky draw will award lucky participants with such prizes as EasyCards containing three-month and one-month unlimited free MRT passes, 72-hour MRT passes, commemorative EasyCard gift boxes signed by the Taipei mayor, a Zenfone 5, a voucher for a one-night stay for two at the Spring City Resort, and many other gifts.  TRTC will also hold a special lucky draw for people whose names contain the Chinese characters , , ,  (all related to ten billionth passenger) and whose last two digits of the ROC ID cards add up to 100. This lucky draw has prizes such as free one-year memberships to karaoke chains KKBOX and KKTV, Eslite gift vouchers, cinema tickets, ASUS power banks, and many more cool gadgets and experiences.  The company will also offer a Taipei Metro Night Shift Backstage Tour for 50 people to visit and observe the metro system control room, automatic train wash street, carriage maintenance and repair, track maintenance and repair, Beitou tower, and station monitoring  all at night. Registration for this events lucky draw runs from Friday, March 8, 10:00 through Monday, March 15, 12:00.  For music lovers, TRTC will hold two celebratory concerts titled A Hundred Golden Melodies to Usher in the Tenth Billionth Guest on March 30 and 31 from 13:30 until 18:00 at Daan Park Station. Well-known artists, rising singing stars, and indie groups will perform a program of 100 music pieces covering the 23 years of MRTs existence to usher in the ten-billionth passenger. At the concert venue, there will also be a creative lifestyle bazaar. With song and dance, food and drink, it promises to be a merry metro time!  A total of 450 prizes with a combined value of NT$ 300,000 (nearly USD 10,000) will be given out in the various lucky draws. To join the lucky draws, please visit http://www.thetenbillionthpassenger.com.tw/ For further information, please contact TRTCs 24-hour customer service hotline: (02) 218-12345 or the 1999 Citizen Hotline (02-2720-8889 when calling from outside Taipei). 
Taipei City Hospital (TCH) and the Faculty of Medicine at Hasanuddin University in Indonesia signed a Memorandum of Understanding on March 4, 2019.  TCH Department of Psychiatry Director Lin Shih-ku, Division of Addiction Science Director Huang Ming-chi, and the Songde Branchs Division of Teaching and Research Director Kuo Chien-che traveled to Makassar, Indonesia to sign the MoU, which arranges for the speedy sharing of clinical resources and knowledge between both partners.  In response to the government's New Southbound Policy, TCHs Songde Branch and National Cheng Kung University are taking part in a program under the Ministry of Health and Welfare titled International Research and Development Cooperation and Bridging Program in Mental Health and Psychological Hygiene under the New Southbound Policy. The program aims to develop collaborative relations between partners in Taiwan and Southeast Asian countries. The MoU was conceived and will be implemented in the ministrys program and the cabinets policy.  TCH Superintendent Huang Sheng-Jean notes that the most important goal of this partnership and the MoU is to collaborate in R&D and to share resources in psychiatry. In the future, talent training for psychiatry professionals, as well as a collaboration platform and regular conferences for them, will strengthen TCHs capabilities pertaining to psychiatric treatment and psychological hygiene, as well as enhancing the international outlook of the Taiwanese hospital group.  Taipei City Hospital (TCH) is a group of trusted community-based hospitals in Taipei offering high-value healthcare services and community-based humane medical treatment in a care system focused on medical rehabilitation and humanistic care. TCH works to stay in step with international trends and build a new era of holistic care.  The largest psychiatric teaching and training hospital in Taiwan, TCHs Songde Branch enjoys a good reputation both at home and abroad, and offers excellent teaching and training in mental health-related disciplines. Its medical service network covers hospitals and communities and is an important model in Taipeis mental health ecosystem. TCH provides unique health care services to patients with psychiatric illnesses, substance addictions, elderly mental diseases, psychosomatic syndromes, and others. TCH invests significantly in research, development, and teaching, and publishes important research findings every year. Its research and development are growing rapidly. TCH collaborates in teaching with universities such as National Taiwan University, National Yangming University and Taipei Medical University, and is a leader in collaboration between industry, government, and academia.  Founded in 1956, Hasanuddin University (UnHas) is located in Makassar, Indonesia. UnHas is one of the largest public universities in Indonesia and has a renowned faculty of medicine with a curriculum covering pre-med, nursing, physical therapy, psychology, and more. Its academic hospital has a psychiatric ward, cancer center, and R&D center of considerable scale. 
The scenery of Yangming Mountain is beautiful, and so are its cherry blossoms  so much so that even a delegation from the Japanese city of Hannan, famed for its cherry blossoms, has crossed the sea to behold the beauty of Yangmingshan. On his recent official visit to Taiwan, Hannan mayor Toshihiro Fukuyama had only half a day to spare in his busy schedule, and he chose to spend it in Yangmingshan National Park. Marveling at the floral abundance along and around Cherry Blossom Streams Area, the mayor exclaimed that, in Japan, daffodils, Keio-zakura (cherry blossom), and azaleas do not bloom at the same time, but here they do, and it is a sight to behold. He was next given a tour around the permanent exhibition at the Chou Shan Cultural Time Capsule on the second floor of the Xinhai-guangfu Building to introduce the history and culture of Yangmingshan as well as the flora and fauna of the area.  The Yangmingshan Flower Festival is a highlight on natures calendar, as well as on those of garden loving Taiwanese and foreign tourists. The Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) spends much time and effort every year to create beautiful landscapes around Yangmingshan National Park. This year, the PSLO has created flower beds and topiaries inspired by the theme of Cute Animals, conveying a merry atmosphere with colorful flowers and happy animals prancing about enjoying the springtime.  The Flower Clock Plaza in the national park is also different this time around. The PSLO has planted tulips and hyacinths and created naughty little squirrels, mascots that herald spring in Yangmingshan. The squirrels are spread out and hidden around the plaza, as if playing hide-and-seek and adding a playful touch to the place. This years edition of the Flower Clock Plaza has already become a hotspot for selfies.  Floriculture Experiment Center (FEC) Chief Sung Fu-hua noted that pink carnations and white-petalled silver ragwort have been planted in safety islands on Zhishan Road, Guoan Park along Yangde Boulevard, the FEC itself, Hushan Road, Cherry Blossom Streams Area, the fountain pond, and the visitor service center in Yangmingshan National Park, covering the land with a pink carpet of cherry blossoms and their sister flowers, creating a dreamy pink world of springtime tenderness. Animal-shaped bushes can be seen everywhere waving at visitors and especially welcoming the children who have come to seek them out in their lovely spring habitat of Yangmingshan. The FEC has also planted flower beds at the Chinese Culture Universitys Hwa Kang Museum on a hilltop in the same national park. The museum currently features a traveling exhibition titled Flowers and Birds Ink Paintings, which will run through March 17. The Showa sakura flowers are halfway through their blooming period now, as are the tulips, English larkspur, and other companion flowers. This is the best time to come and take in their fragrance and beauty!  During the Yangmingshan Flower Festival, traffic control measures will be in force at the entrance to Yangde Boulevard daily from 7:00-16:00. Passenger vehicles and vans without entry permits must detour around Yangmingshan National Park. The measure will be strictly enforced and violators will be fined. As parking spots are limited, visitors are advised to use public transport to go up the mountain. The Yangmingshan Flower Season website offers helpful traffic directions. 
Taiwans Hakka minority retains many traditional folk cultural elements in their religious practice. Among their deities, the land gods (bak gung, who guard their village, neighborhood, or town) are the closest to peoples lives. The land gods birthdays fall on the second day of the second month of the lunar calendar, and on that day, each local earth god temple will see many visitors coming to thank their land god for their protection over the past year and pray for continued protection in the year to come. In keeping with this important tradition, the Taipei City Hakka Cultural Park will also celebrate the birthdays of Taiwans land gods with festivities in the park on March 8-10 during the 2019 Bak Gung Birthday Celebration, which aims to honor and celebrate the Hakka peoples folk beliefs. At the Three Offerings Ritual on March 8, the land gods will be honored with traditional offerings of five kinds of meat, fresh flowers, fruit, and longevity peach buns to celebrate their birthdays and pray for a peaceful and smooth year ahead. Traditional Hakka song and dance performances will be held to thank the land gods for their care over so many years. On March 9, the Play Puppet Theater, known for its superior puppetry masters and lively performances, will perform a religious drama dedicated to the land gods. The colorful play will revolve around the solar terms (the 24 months of the traditional agricultural calendar) and the land gods role throughout the year. Young and old are invited to come enjoy this puppetry play, which promises to be good fun! From March 8 to 10, the Taipei City Hakka Cultural Park will stage a series of activities representing the rich and varied culture of Hakka, including religious rituals, puppet theater, cultural workshops, an outdoor food bazaar, and lucky draws. Any groups or individuals of Hakka heritage or with an interest in Hakka culture are welcome to join any of these events to experience Hakka religious practice and culture, and celebrate the land gods birthday and their benevolent protection. More event details can be found at the official website of the Taipei City Hakka Cultural Park at https://ssl.thcp.org.tw/ or its Facebook fan page https://www.facebook.com/TaipeiHakkaPark/ .  Event period: Friday, March 8 through Sunday, March 10 Venue: Taipei City Hakka Cultural Park (No. 2, Sec. 3, Tingzhou Road, Zhongzheng District, Taipei) Bak Gung Birthday Celebration Activities:     Date Time Activity Location     Friday, March 8 10:00-10:20 Warm-up performance/Arrival of guests Stage on the plaza between both buildings inside the Hakka Cultural Park   10:20-10:30 Opening and introduction of guests of honor   10:30-11:10 Bak Gung Thousand Year Birthday Ceremony   11:10-12:00 Hakka Song and Dance Performance   Saturday, March 9 11:00-16:00 Puppetry Play/DIY Workshop/Food Bazaar     
Sweet Strawberries and Cool Prizes Galore!  The 2019 Neihu Strawberry Festival will kick off at the White Stones Farm Area on 9:30 AM, March 9. The event is sponsored by the Taipei Department of Economic Development (DOED) and jointly organized by the Neihu District Farmers Association and the Chi-Seng Water Management Research & Development Foundation.  Cute kids will perform at the opening, music pieces will be performed during the intermission, and there will be interactive games with prizes and a charity auction for local strawberries, the proceeds of which will be donated to the Sunshine Social Welfare Foundation. Any visitor at the opening event that shares the 2019 Neihu Strawberry Festival on their personal Facebook wall can receive a NT$ 50 discount voucher for use at any event during the 2019 Neihu Strawberry Festival (limited supply of 600 vouchers first come first served).  During the Favor for a Photo event from March 9 to April 7, netizens can vie for prizes by uploading a selfie to their Facebook page clearly showing a 2019 Neihu Strawberry Festival Backdrop Board at a participating farms and registering for the festivals lucky draw. Between March 26 and April 9, twenty lucky winners will each receive two NT$ 500 super market gift vouchers. On top of that, on each Saturday and Sunday from March 16 through April 7, individuals making a NT$ 300 purchase at the store of a farm participating in the festival will receive an ice cream (limited supply of 50 per store first come first served). The ice cream is made with delicious strawberries from Neihu and contain juicy bits of these sweet and sour fruits. Yum!  DOED launched its first wave of photos on Instagram with the hashtag #doedfuntaipei, calling for the most creative and beautiful strawberry photos from now until March 17. Just mark the farm location on your Instagram post and tag @_ or add the hashtags #, #doedfuntaipei and #IG, and you have chance to win a jar of handmade strawberry jam and be shown on the DOED page.  December through April is the annual strawberry season in Taipei Citys Neihu District, with March and April being the high season for strawberries. Strawberries fans and selfie takers, come to Neihu to enjoy the beautiful scenery and fresh mountain air. Take some photos and taste some strawberriesin that order! Photos of empty strawberry boxes dont count -)  For further information on the details of the activities related to the 2019 Neihu Strawberry Festival, please feel free to contact DOEDs Agricultural Development Division (TEL: 02-2725-6586, Ms. Lai) or the Neihu District Farmers Associations Promotion Department (TEL: 02-2790-0138, ext. 250 Mr. Lin).
The Taiwan World Trade Centers Nangang Exhibition Hall 2 officially opened on March 4. Together, the exhibition centers two Nangang halls offer space for 5,000 booths, 38 meeting rooms, and all the top-notch facilities needed to attract major international trade shows and visitors to Taipei.  The government has built the exhibition halls in the neighboring Nangang and Xinyi districts as a dual-core, large-scale national exhibition center to operate and develop in synergy with the nearby Nangang Business Park, Neihu Science Park, and Taipei Music Center, further bolstering Taipeis dominance in the nations exhibition industry.  Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh of the Department of Economic Development (DOED) noted that Taiwan's meetings, incentives, conferences and exhibitions (MICE) industry has performed quite well against international competition in recent years. Taipei attracts more than 60% of international conferences, trade shows, corporate incentive activities, and foreign visitors to exhibitions in Taiwan. With the expansion of the dual-core Xinyi-Nangang convention and exhibition center, the citys share of the national MICE market is likely to continue growing.  The city government works in tandem with private-sector organizations to create an even more complete exhibition and convention infrastructure. The East District Gateway project is a case in point: business-friendly commercial zoning and developments like China Trust and Taiwan Life Insurance bidding the Taiwan Fertilizer C3 Land add to the fabric of the exhibition and business ecosystem of eastern Taipei.  Scoring high on growth, value-added offerings, innovation impacts, job creation, and industrial linkage, the MICE industry is like a locomotive driving economic growth in all sorts of other sectors. To stimulate the citys economy and leverage its excellent advantages, the city government has designated MICE as a key industry and drawn up a MICE industry promotion strategy. Besides continued construction of MICE-related infrastructure and facilities, the strategy comprises the establishment of a MICE Project Office, which will provide one-stop specialized services, subsidize MICE events in Taipei, attract large-scale international conferences to Taipei, invite industry leaders to serve as city ambassadors, form a specialized team to support businesses holding corporate events in the city, and many other practical initiatives to drive Taipeis MICE industry forward.
At the Taipei Innovative Experimental Education Outcomes Exhibition on March 4, Mayor Ko Wen-je argued that education is still the most fundamental way to change a country.  The reason Taiwans economy has fallen behind over the past two decades is that the countrys industrial upgrades have failed, Mayor Ko said. In the labor-intensive era, when Taiwan was an OEM and ODM manufacturing and exporting base, the country needed and trained large numbers of skilled workers, while less people were trained as managers and entrepreneurs, as there was less need for that type of professional.  However, Ko continued, the industrial landscape has changed dramatically. These days, labor-intensive production has moved to Vietnam, Indonesia, and India. Therefore, Taiwans challenge is to find a new position and role for itself in the global industrial chain. The island must transition from a labor-intensive industry model to a knowledge-intensive one, and in this process, innovation has an important role to playwhich is why we are here today discussing experimental education.  Innovative industry must train students in strengthening creativity, Mayor Ko argued. The current cookie-cutter educational culture is problematic. Educators should regard students as livestock to be raised in a healthy way, rather than, so to speak, as useful yet inorganic minerals to be dug up and used. The entire education system is in need of a fundamental transformation.  At the beginning of his tenure, there was little experimental education, the mayor recalled, adding that he would not have thought that a school like Taipei Heping Experimental Elementary School, the countrys first public experimental school, would be as successful as it is today. This success led the transformation of Taipei Fanghe Municipal Experimental Junior High School to become the first publicly managed public junior high school. The City will continue to promote innovative experimental education in the future, he said, adding his estimate that the city needs about five experimental elementary schools and three experimental junior high schools.  Mayor Ko underscored that experimental education does not need to apply to all students. The actual goal lies in the ballpark of 3-5% of the student population. The city governments way forward is to add one or two experimental elementary schools per year until the 3% goal has been met. Taipei Municipal Fanghe Experimental High School, established today, will hopefully transition to fully-fledged experimental education in the future, stretching the model from junior high up to the senior high school. Combined with Heping, this would give the city a living proof of concept of experimental education within the countrys public education system.  Taipei is the leading sheep of the herd, Mayor Ko noted, adding that this entailed two important concepts: firstly, that the city government exists to serve the citizens, so it must transform itself from a management-and-control-oriented organization to a service-oriented organization. Secondly, Taipei is a leader in urban innovation, which is essential if Taiwan is to reinvent itself.  Recalling his recent visit to Israel, Mayor Ko mentioned the fact that the Mediterranean innovation nation has more startups listed on NASDAQ in the United States than all of the European Union countries combined, even when Israels population of 9 million is only a sliver of the EUs half a billion people. Interestingly, Israels education doesnt rank high in international surveysabout the same as Taiwanbut the country has produced twelve Nobel Prize winners since its founding in 1948.  Mayor Ko said that Taiwans education is about counting hours, but more isnt necessarily better. Even when our elementary and high schools rank quite well internationally, the country has produced only one Nobel Prize recipient, lagging far behind a small country like Israel. In terms of innovative start-ups, and being listed on American stock exchanges, we are a far cry from the Land of Milk and Honey.  The mayor concluded by saying that as Taiwan must transition from a labor-intensive to a knowledge-intensive economy, and if it seriously pursues development in that direction, the government must rethink its education system and view students in a new light, as living beings that need nurturing to grow and flourish. Only then will we have a diverse and rich society, and that is what he is endeavoring to achieve.
Fresh Food, Great Gifts, and Lucky Lottery Prizes Galore!  The TAIPEI EXPO Farmers Market Happy Springtime Edition will be held this weekend, March 9-10, offering a wealth of fresh, fragrant, and fun treasures to pick out and carry home!  Anyone whose purchases at the market add up to NT$ 500 may present their receipts to the central service desk to receive their TAIPEI EXPO Farmers Market Lucky Red Envelope (only 250 envelopes available each day). Presenting receipts totaling NT$ 1,000 entitles the bearer to a ticket for the markets New Spring Fortune lucky draw. The raffle offers wonderful gifts that include home appliances, TAIPEI EXPO gift sets, TAIPEI EXPO shopping bags, Taipei Farmers Association Good Fortune Tea Gift Boxes, and the super prize of an Apple iPad! So, come visit this fun farmers market along the MRT Red Line to buy fresh produce for your kitchen, and who knows, you may walk away with a wonderful gift or prize as well!  The Department of Economic Development (DOED) notes that the big outdoor TAIPEI EXPO Farmers Market has been held every weekend since 2011, next to the covered Maji Square with stores and eateries that are open all week. Each year, the farmers markets visitor numbers and its business volume continue to grow, and these days, the market attracts around 30,000 visitors per week spending as much as NT$ 3.5 million (USD 115,000). Consumers can now use their EasyCard to pay for their purchases at the markets stalls. All fresh produce at the market is sold under the Four Guarantees and the One Code: it is organic, safe (CAS-certified), traceable (Traceability Agricultural Product, TAP ID), and responsibly produced (Good Agricultural Practice, GAP). Roughly 90% of all fresh produce on sale is from farms that are organic, transitioning to organic, or only selling produce with zero traces of pesticides. The TAIPEI EXPO Farmers Market is the place where responsible farmers and conscientious consumers meet.  On March 3, the markets kick-off ceremony for the new year was enlivened by a performance from the young lion dancing troupe of Taipei Hutian Elementary School. The markets famers also set up a beautiful display of the products they offer at the market: vegetables and fruit, fish and meat, tea and coffee, honey, rice, eggs, prepared foods, and much more from every county in Taiwan. This weekends TAIPEI EXPO Farmers Market Happy Springtime Edition features bananas and papayas from Chiayi County, and many other delicious fruits of the season.  Come browse the TAIPEI EXPO Farmers Market and stock up on wholesome groceries on Saturday or Sunday between 10:00 and 18:00. The stores and eateries of the covered MAJI Square next to the market are open on Saturdays and Sundays from 11:00 to 22:00. The market is located near Exit 1 of MRT Yuanshan Station, just north of the intersection of Zhongshan North Road Section 3 and Minzu West Road.
The Taipei Zoo in Muzha now has two new fun trains to take visitors sightseeing around its grounds. The trains, painted and decked out like a cute pangolin (scaly anteater) and a poison dart frog, passed trial runs just before the extra-long weekend from Thursday, February 27 through Sunday, March 3. The colorful trains with their pangolin scales and colorful frog details are a favorite with young and old, and are the latest selfie spot at the zoo. Come watch and ride the trains for yourself!  Located on the south bank of the Jingmei River, Taipei Zoo is surrounded by hills to the south and east, and sits at an elevation of 100 meters on average. In 1986, when the zoological garden moved from Yuanshan in north-central Taipei to Muzha in the capitals southeastern suburbs, the new location wasnt razed to build a new zoo from scratch, but the zoo grounds rather worked with the original mountainous terrain, an approach which has resulted in a beautiful park for the animals and their visitors.  Behind the ticket sales area all the way to the temperate zone animal area features an uphill path with a slope gentle enough for children and seniors to walk along. However, since 2002, the zoo has offered mock steam trains to usher visitors up the hill and down again, which has become a favorite with young and old alike -- to the point that, for many people, a ride on the train has become a must during a day at the zoo.  With the addition of the Pangolin Train and the Poison Dart Frog Train, the zoo now operates ten rubber-wheeled, gas-fueled tourist trains on its grounds. Each train has a unique exterior design and different seating layout. You may board the train for only TWD 5 (or for free if youre preschool age or disabled). Simply drop your coins in the toll box (no change) or swipe your EasyCard and hop aboard! The trains depart every 10-15 minutes from 9:00 AM on weekdays and even as often as once every 3-5 minutes on weekends and holidays. A fun ride for all train lovers both young and young at heart!  Even though the trains run through the zoo park at no more than 20 kilometers per hour, for safetys sake, visitors shouldnt stand up during the ride. The 4-6 minute journey from the main station to the aviary station takes its passengers along lush scenery, where they have a chance to spot wildlife such as tree lizards, squirrels, Taiwan barbets, and Formosan blue magpies (Taiwans national bird) on and among the trees. Forks in the road feature safety mirrors framed in animal contours with deer ears or lion manes. The mirrors help the train driver see oncoming traffic and also tell the passengers which animals home theyre passing by. Can you guess every animal home by its mirror?  Taipei Zoo website: http://www.zoo.gov.tw/ Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/TaipeiZoo YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/TaipeiZoo
Wanda Enterprise, Taiwans first social enterprise providing assistive device services run by people with physical and mental disabilities, formally opened on February 25 with a ribbon-cutting ceremony and the announcement of Assistive Devices Service at Home Days to be held on the fourth Friday of every month. Elderly residents and residents with special needs can make an appointment with Wanda Enterprise for advice, inspection, maintenance, or repair of their wheelchairs or other assistive devices at their homes, neighborhoods or apartment buildings.  Most manufacturers of assistive devices sell their products without providing related services. The Taipei Foreign and Disabled Labor Office has commissioned Wanda Enterprise as a barrier-free social enterprise to provide comprehensive assistive device services, including rental, cleaning, disinfection, and advicea rare offering in the assistive devices business. In his speech at the opening of Wanda Enterprise, Chen Kuo-chia, chairperson of Sunable Association for the Advancement of a Barrier-Free Society, underscored that the elderly and people with special needs also have fulfilling lives and assistive devices enhance their convenience, mobility, and quality of life both physically and socially.  Wanda Enterprise also has a mission to employ people with physical and mental disabilities. The special enterprise has four employees with special needs to provide its services spanning advice and rental, cleaning and disinfection, to adjustment and maintenance. This creates new careers for these staff members, who have been trained in Japan to operate, adjust, maintain, and repair a wide range of assistive devices. At the opening ceremony, the staff demonstrated disinfection and maintenance routines. Wanda Enterprise is using a variety of platforms to also reach out to senior citizens and people in long-term care that may need their services to improve their quality of life.  The Assistive Devices Service at Home Days are the first such service in Taiwan. Taipei residents are welcome to call Wanda Enterprise at (02) 2301-0238 to discuss their assistive and mobility needs, as well as possible solutions. 
Green Refunds up to TWD 15,000 per Household   Applications are now open for energy-saving household appliance replacement subsidies. Simply go the Taipei City Governments (TCG) Department of Economic Development (DOED) Chinese-language website > Services > Public Matters > Downloads > Download the form (Word), or go directly to https://bit.ly/2U5V91i to download the form. Complete, print, sign, and send the form by registered mail to: Taipei City Government, Department of Economic Development, Northwest Wing 5F, No. 1, Shifu Road, Xinyi District, Taipei City 11008.  Please enclose the following documents with the form: 1. statement of receipt of goods and affidavit 2. photos of before and after the replacement 3. copy of front and reverse of ROC ID card 4. copy of invoice stating make and model 5. copy of warranty 6. original third slip of recycling slips 7. copy of non-commercial entity electricity bill 8. copy of energy efficiency grade label 9. copy of the cover of applicants bankbook. Please use the checklist on the form to make sure you are enclosing all the necessary documents.  Regarding the statement of receipt of goods, in accordance with Article 7 of the Stamp Tax Act, a proof of payment of the 0.4% stamp tax paid on the amount for which subsidy is requested must be enclosed. For example, for a 2.8 kW air conditioner with energy label Level 1 or 2, the TCG will provide a subsidy of NT$ 2,800, and the applicant must enclose a tax stamp of NT$ 11 (all figures behind the decimal point are rounded down to zero). The tax stamp can be purchased at post offices, branch post offices, and designated agencies.  DOED Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh noted that, in line with national policy as of this year, the energy-saving home appliance subsidy differs from previous years in that it now requires that the refrigerators and air conditioners are used to replace existing units, rather than simply bought or perhaps acquired to supplement other units. This is to push citizens to replace their old refrigerators and air conditioners and save energy and money at the same time.  TCG has obtained a NT$ 72 million (USD 2.3 million) subsidy budget and has created a subsidy template to make it easy for Taipei residents to claim their subsidy. Upon receipt, DOED will review your form and the supporting documents and remit the money to your bank account within a month from its approval. For further information, please call the Citizen Hotline: 1999 (02-2720-8889 when calling from outside Taipei) and dial or ask for extension 6612, Mr. Chen, or visit the DOED webpage at http://www.doed.gov.taipei/ or DOEDs Facebook fan page at https://www.facebook.com/doed.taipei/. 
On the morning of February 25, Taiwan time, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening ceremony and dinner of the 33rd International Mayors Conference in Israel.  During a media interview before breakfast, Ko pointed out that a member of the Israel-Taiwan Friendship Association told him that Taiwan is one of the few countries in the world that has achieved full democracy, which is the major reason and condition underpinning the friendship between Israel and Taiwan.  When Mayor Ko was asked about his upcoming visit to the United States in March and whether his speech in Washington would focus on Taiwan's freedom and democracy, he responded as follows.  Ko said that his US speech was still in the drafting stage, but its general direction had been decided: highlighting the freedom and democracy that are the core values of Taiwan. At the opening ceremony of the International Mayors Conference the night before, he had asked Israeli lawmakers how the Israel-Taiwan Friendship Association had come about. Their answer was that Israel and Taiwan are both fully-fledged democracies, of which there are only 20 or 30 worldwide. Taiwans and Israels democratic politics are the major reason and condition underpinning the friendship between Israel and Taiwan.  The mayor added that this seemed to be a major argument among key lawmakers in the Knesset, the Israeli parliament. Democracy and freedom are core values of Taiwan. On his trips abroad, people often tell him that they admire Taiwan for its freedom and democracy, and for its diversity and openness. On his recent visit to Malaysia, for instance, legislators there told him they envied Taiwan, as Malaysia has difficulties in achieving democracy and harmony in religious, political, and ethnic domains. So Mayor Ko has been exposed to this issue in various places.  Mayor Ko pointed out that from its founding until this day, Israel has always confronted challenges. Its people and leaders take pride in the fact that its well-functioning coalition governments can cooperate to successfully withstand the Arab world. These Taiwan-friendly lawmakers shared with him many points where Taiwan and Israel are similar or different. They said that the world counts only 20 or 30 truly democratic countries. Taiwan stands proudly among those, which is why Israel maintains such close relations with Taiwan among the countries of East Asia.  He concluded by sharing that these interactions in Israel and elsewhere have made him more aware of Taiwans strengths and achievements, as well as its place and value in the world.
Taipeis iconic cable car, the Maokong Gondola, is offering great mountain views and great bargains again! North, central, south, east, everyones so nice. You deserve Maokong Gondolas best price! is the slogan of the discount event running from Monday, March 4 through Sunday, May 5, 2019. Visitors from Taiwans north and south, east (including the outlying islands) and west all enjoy discounts by turns: each area has an associated day of the week when their discount applies. The discount consists of a flat fare of NT$ 50 for any single journey regardless of the number of stations traveled on the gondola. On top of that, the Taipei Zoo Station offers free audio tours.  The current one-way fare for the Maokong Gondola is NT$ 70 for travel distance of one stop, NT$ 100 for travel distance of two stops, and NT$ 120 for travel distance of three stops. From Monday, March 4 through Sunday, May 5, 2019, visitors from Taiwans north, central, south and east (including the outlying islands) all enjoy discounts by turns: by presenting their ROC ID Card, drivers license, household certificate, or any other government-issued document showing their household address, Taiwan nationals may obtain a one-way gondola ticket for TWD 50, valid for a single journey along any number of stations. A three-station round-trip will cost you only NT$ 100, down from NT$ 240 (the total of two standard-fare three-station journeys).  Once youve taken the Eye-of-Maokong Crystal Cabin (reinforced glass-bottomed cable car) up to the Maokong Mountains, youll love the gorgeous mountain views as well as the local Tieguanyin tea and wholesome food prepared from local produce in the many tea houses and restaurants that dot the area. The free audio tour guides available from the Taipei Zoo Station (the base station) introduce visitors to the local wildlife and culture. The audio sets can be borrowed against a deposit of NT$ 500, which will be refunded to you on the spot when you return the audio set at any gondola station at any time on the day it is borrowed. The stations information counters display audio tour flyers that contain a QR Code, which you may scan with your mobile phone in order to listen to the audio tour.  Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC), operator of the Maokong Gondola, has run this discount event annually since 2017, attracting about each time 30,000 visitors. This year again, well do our best to make you feel on top of the world, or at least rise above the din of Taipei City. Friends from north and south and east and west, come discover why Maokong is best! The discount period from March through April also coincides with fair weather for hiking. So, what are you waiting for?  For further information, please visit the Maokong Gondola website (http://www.gondola.taipei/), or contact TRTCs 24-hr customer service hotline at (02) 218-12345, the Citizen Hotline at 1999 (02-2720-8889 when calling from outside Taipei), or visit the TRTCs Chinese websitehttps://www.metro.taipei/
YDO to Host Creative 17 for High School Students in April   Do you want to shine on the Paris Fashion Week catwalk? Then take your brave first step now and sign up for the springboard to your dreams: Creative 17 - Taipei Youth Fashion Design Competition, hosted by the Taipei City Youth Development Office (YDO). This years edition has no limitations on theme, except that senior high school student teams should present modified ready-to-wear creations and junior high school teams should focus on makeup and hairdressing. Calling all junior and senior high school fashionistas: get together and present your summer fashion creations at Creative 17!  The previous four editions of the event each had a theme, the first being Halloween Party, showcasing creative transformations, the second, Riot of Color, centered on flowers, the third, Wonderful World, representing the countries participating in the Taipei 2017 Universiade, and the fourth, Retro Revisited, about fashion trends. This years edition breaks free from the constraints of any themes and instead only loosely requires a certain method, namely modifications of ready-to-wear clothes to give them a new life and a new look. The jurors and loyal audience are excited to see the fashion creations of Taipeis youth live on stage.  The YDO said that Creative 17 offers contestants a stage to show their talent and skill from their achievements in vocational education on a high-profile platform with good media coverage, and also offers the participants a chance to meet with other young fashion creators and possibly strike up some inspiring friendships along the way.  Creative 17 - Taipei Youth Fashion Design Competition will be held on Tuesday April 23, 2019 at Hana Live House, the exhibition and performance space on the 10th floor of the YDO. All junior and senior high schoolers that love fashion are welcome to sign up with their teams!  Registration runs from February 25 to March 25, 2019 through the event website at https://goo.gl/Zpv3SY. The event is open to the public, and contestants may also bring their friends and fans when they showcase their summer look for 2019. For more information, visit the website mentioned above or call Miss Lin at (02) 2351-4078 ext. 1725. 
In the morning of February 23, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited New Taipei Municipal Jui-Fang Industrial High School to attend the 2019 mayoral-level meeting of the Greater Taipei Cooperation and Exchange Platform.  In his speech, he recalled that the platform has been in operation for over three years since 2015. Between Taipei City and New Taipei City, which together constitute a single integrated life circle, there are many issues that require coordination. Of course, agencies from both municipalities may coordinate such matters among themselves, but it is good to have this platform to discuss and confirm them in writing.  Unable to attend due to illness, New Taipei City Mayor Hou Yu-ih was represented by Deputy Mayor Chen Chin-jun, who presented Mayor Ko with a decorative ceramic plate from Yingge and a small sky lantern from Pingxi. In return, the Taipei City delegation presented their counterpart with a Taipei Fun Pass (a travel pass covering Taipei, New Taipei, and Keelung) and a set of cups from the Taipei City Official Souvenir Collection. The exchange of gifts and pleasantries underscored the friendship and cooperation between both cities.  Mayor Ko further noted in his speech that the bilateral cooperation and exchange platform had discussed 122 issues of cooperation, of which 87 have been resolved and 35 are still in progress. Some major issues cannot be tackled by Taipei alone, as the life circles of capitals and metropoles are always intertwined with those of their surrounding areas. The All Pass Ticket Project, for instance, is an excellent example of such cooperation with the realization of a monthly Greater Taipei public transport pass at the price of TWD 1280.  Another case is the Feitsui Reservoir. Half of the reservoirs water stock is used by New Taipei City. In fact, the reservoir sits in New Taipei City, but the management rights rest with Taipei City. As each of the municipalities uses about half of the water, there are many issues that need timely coordination.  Other successful cooperation programs include the joint library card system covering libraries in both cities, cooperation among funeral facilities, cross-district disaster prevention, and the Taipei Astronomical Museums mobile planetarium. Thus the Greater Taipei Cooperation and Exchange Platform has created plenty of successful cooperation cases in the past. As for the future, there remains much work to be done, such as building mechanisms to deal with large numbers of injured or ill people. Of the eleven large medical centers, nine are located in Taipei City and two in New Taipei City. Therefore, if there were to be an event resulting in a large number of patients, both cities must operate in close cooperation. Since most of the major hospitals are situated in Taipei but more people live in New Taipei, good mechanisms are needed to deal with major disasters, accidents, or disease outbreaks. Incidentally, the Smart City Summit & Expo, to be held in Taipei next month, may be able to offer solutions for Taipei and its valuable partner New Taipei City in this regard.  Mayor Ko believes that, based on the platforms past successes, many more useful programs and modes of collaboration across the Greater Taipei life circle can be devised. Originally, he felt that meeting in whichever place in the city would do, but Mayor Hou insisted that both delegations would meet at a location on the northeast to take in some sights along the scenic North Coast. So, here we are today, at the North Coast, and very happy indeed to be here.  Winding up his speech, Mayor Ko reminded his audience that the next day would be the final day of the Taipei Lantern Festival, while the Yangmingshan Flower Festival is about to begin, and will be followed by the Shilin Official Residence Tulip Show. So, in return, we welcome you to visit Taipei for some sightseeing, entertainment, and interaction with your neighbors. 
On February 21, Mayor Ko Wen-je participated in the opening ceremony of the 2019 Shilin Residence Tulip Show held at the Shilin Residence, themed When Two Lips Touch. He pointed out that the 16-day inaugural tulip exhibition drew 530,000 people last year to the former garden abode of Chiang Kai-shek in the Shilin suburbs.  Although this years edition will last only 11 days, the long holiday weekend around 228 Memorial Day may help reach similar numbers of visitors. Ko encouraged the people of Taiwan to take advantage of the holidays and the fair weather to come and admire the tulip exhibition at the Shilin Residence.  Mayor Ko highlighted the three principles that underpin events organized or supported by the Taipei City Government. The first principle is internationalization: let Taiwan walk into the world, let the world see Taiwan. The second principle is public-private partnership: wherever it stages an event, the city government involves the surrounding shopping districts and communities. The last principle is commercialization, to which he has given much thought recently: nearby businesses should profit from events, and it should revitalize their very local economies.  A case in point, Ko noted, is New Year's activities, when 700,000 people gather at City Hall Plaza. Each person spending NT$ 1,000 adds up to NT$ 700 million (USD 23 million). Taipeis large-scale events (defined as 5,000 people and more) have been inventoried, and research is on-going as to how these events can be leveraged to stimulate large-scale micro-consumption to benefit small and micro-scale entrepreneurs and vendors. This research and policy has been underway for two years.  Lastly, the mayor noted that the tulip is the national flower of the Netherlands. He thanked Mr. Guy Wittich, Representative of the Netherlands Trade and Investment Office, and Mayor Osamu Natsuno of Tonami City, Toyama Prefecture, Japan for their attendance and contributions. The Tonami delegation had sent local tulip cultivars ahead of time as well as its cute tulip park mascots. 
To strengthen the emergency response capabilities of Nangang Station, the Taipei City Government will hold a large-scale disaster prevention and rescue drill at the station and its surroundings on March 7 from 14:00 onward. The drill is called the All-Out Defense Mobilization and Disaster Prevention and Protection - Min An Drill No. 5.  The drill, which is to mobilize municipal personnel, volunteers, and NGOs, will demonstrate an efficacy of self-help, mutual assistance, and government support. The ROC Armed Forces will participate as well, while international support mechanisms will also be activated and tested. Search and rescue teams from Japan (Tokyo), Australia, and Malaysia will be on site to render assistance and showcase the outcomes of joint peacetime disaster response exercises.  The Taipei City Fire Department pointed out that a drill of this scale has become necessary as Nangang District has developed so rapidly in recent years. The high-speed rail station, National Biotechnology Research Park, TWTC Nangang Exhibition Hall, Taipei Music Center, and other recently constructed and fast-growing major developments under the Taipei East District Gateway Plan have lifted the area and transformed Nangang Station into an important transportation hub.  The exercise is based on the 2017 National Science and Technology for Disaster Reductions (NCDR) scenario of a landslide in Taipeis southern foothills caused by a 6.6 earthquake peaking at 7 on the Richter scale, which shakes greater Taipei violently and triggers a serious disaster alert. In the scenario, trains passing through Nangang Station will experience brake failures leading to major traffic accidents at the station and collapse of the stations structure. The building will collapse, fires will break out, and hazardous chemicals from the science park will spill out. These result in large numbers of casualties and injuries. The city government will be testing its capabilities for emergency dispatch, mobilization, and disaster response.  The drill will involve United Nations-accredited search and rescue teams from Japan, Australia, and Malaysia. The Australian and Malaysian teams first-ever participation in a disaster drill on Taiwanese soil marks an achievement in international exchange and diplomacy. A traditional mainstay in disaster work, the ROC Armed Forces mobilize reserve military units to participate in the drill. To add to the realism of the drill, on the afternoon of March 7, the Central Weather Bureaus public warning system will issue a cellphone broadcast with its Cell Broadcast Service (CBS) to all mobile telephones in and around Nangang Station telling recipients that this is a drill and there is no need to panic.  In addition to the live army drill at Nangang Station on March 7, Taipei City Government will stage ten other drills for earthquakes, floods, landslides, water treatment plants, river rescues, water reservoir damage, and drowning prevention. Through identifying and resolving issues in disaster preparedness, these drills will further enhance the citys disaster response capabilities to keep lives and property safe.
Taipei City Increases Subsidies on Senior Citizens Fares for Taxis, Sightseeing Buses  To stimulate the mobility and social participation of senior citizens and people with physical and mental disabilities, the Taipei City Government continues to offer its Senior Citizen Card and Charity Card, which offer price reductions on taxi rides for these groups.  Taipei Mayor Ko Wen-je noted that transportation is key to stimulating the social participation of senior citizens and people with physical and mental disabilities. The social welfare system must also be sustainable. Through the Senior Card and the Charity Card, the Taipei City Government subsidizes both groups rides on taxis and double-decker sightseeing busses by reducing the out-of-pocket fares by 50 points (TWD 50) regardless of the amount of the original fare. This investment in the mobility and well-being of these special citizen groups delivers returns in saved healthcare and welfare costs, which contributes to the sustainability of the social welfare system.  Lowering the financial barrier to social participation by senior citizens and people with physical and mental disabilities is part of Taipei Citys efforts to build a comprehensive and inclusive transportation service network. The fare reductions through the Senior Card and the Charity Card are 16 points (TWD 16) for taxi fares of TWD 100 or less and 32 points (TWD 32) for taxi fares above TWD 100, with a monthly maximum of 480 points (TWD 480). Effective March 1, 2019, the Taipei City Government will issue Senior 1 and Charity 1 versions of the EasyCard (the nationwide universal transportation payment card), through which their users can enjoy a 50-point (TWD 50) fare reduction regardless of the amount of the original fare.  Presently, about 15,000 taxis in Greater Taipei are equipped with special card readers for the old versions of the Senior Cards and Charity Cards and the new Senior 1 and Charity 1 versions of the EasyCard. Senior citizens and people with physical and mental disabilities may phone the Special Taxi Service Line at 0800-055-850 (toll-free landline) or 55850 (from mobile phones regular rates apply), then press 0 to book a taxi. Enjoy the ride! 
In recent years, fruit stalls selling freshly cut fruit have become popular at the Shilin Night Market, with some being suspected of overcharging their customers. Before the Spring Festival, the Taipei City Government dispatched a joint task force to step up its inspections of freshly cut fruit stalls at the Shilin Night Market (including the publicly owned section). In January 2019, 44 penalties were meted out: 42 fines by the police and two written warnings by the Taipei Department of Environmental Protection (DEP). The total amount of the fines was TWD 52,800 (USD 1,715). Since the inspection, two fruit stalls (in front of Cixian Temple on Danan Road and in front of No. 39 Keelung Road) have suspended their business.  According to the Taipei City Market Administration Office (TCMA), 834 fruit stalls were inspected between January 9, 2018 and January 30, 2019. Those that didnt play by the score of the Fresh Fruit Sonata (denoting four steps for properly selling freshly cut fruit), had to face the music. The TCMA instructed 87 stalls on improving their practice, while the police fined 144 stalls for setting up their roadside business without permits, which is a violation of the Road Traffic Management and Penalty Act. The fines totaled TWD 172,800 (USD 5,600). The DEP fined three fruit stalls for a total of TWD 3,600 for discarding their fruit peels, a violation of the Waste Disposal Act. It instructed another 77 fruit stalls to clean up their surroundings. The Taipei Department of Health (DOH) instructed 237 fruit stalls to improve their hygiene and issued three written warnings regarding hygiene. Consumer protection officials instructed 42 fruit stalls to create clearer pricing signage.  The Taipei Department of Legal Affairs (DLA) noted that Taipei Citys Police Department, DEP, DOH, and DLA have formed a joint task force to put an end to overpricing at Shilin Night Market, improve the markets image, and prevent consumer disputes. The joint task force will continue its unannounced visits to fruit stalls at the popular night market to inspect their business processes, cleanliness, and food hygiene. They must clearly display their pricing, inform consumers of the total price, and only after their consent start cutting the fruit order. Forced purchases are forbidden, and use of electronic scales certified by MOEAs Bureau of Standards, Metrology and Inspection is mandatory. Also, the Fresh Fruit Sonata in Four Movements (SAY How much for each? WEIGH your chosen fruit PAY the total price OKAY to cut the fruit now) must be displayed in Chinese and English. Reported consumer disputes will be swiftly dealt with to protect consumer rights.  The TCMA urges night market visitors to refuse continuing or concluding their purchase if the fruit stall staff has not stated the total price or has not asked for their confirmation before cutting the fruit. Please note the location and the name of the stall, and call the Citizen Hotline: 1999 (02-2720 8889 when calling from outside Taipei). They will notify the TCMA, which will involve the police and other units as needed to jointly inspect and fine the stall. 
The 2019 Taipei Lantern Festival will take place from February 16 through February 24 on Zhonghua Road Section 1, Zhongxiao West Road Section 1, Ximen Red House, Beimen Plaza, and Taipei Travel Plaza.  The festival is expected to draw large crowds and drive business in Yuanling Street (for shoes), Beimen Street (cameras), Zhonghua Road (Taipei Audio and Video Street), Chongqing South Road (books), Wanhua District (fashion, night market), the underground Rear Station City Mall, Taipei Main Rear Station, Huayin Street, and Ximending.  For three consecutive years, the Taipei Lantern Festival, held around Beimen, Zhonghua Road, and Ximending, has been an open-access event venue attracting huge throngs of spectators. The Taipei City Government takes special care to prepare the area for the expected crowds. The Maintenance Team of the Public Works Departments New Construction Office has worked hard to ensure a high-quality environment for the public to enjoy the lantern festival. Roads and pavements have been inspected and repaired within a tight time frame to effectively reduce defects and to ensure a highly pedestrian-friendly environment for the festival crowds and the general public.  During the Taipei Lantern Festival, any remaining road quality issues (potholes, uneven road surfaces, damaged sewage covers, and the like) may be reported to the Citizen Hotline (1999 02-2720 8889 when calling from outside Taipei) to ensure everyone of safe street surfaces and a happy lantern festival.
Priority Groups May Apply Early Starting February 21  The Department of Health (DOH) is offering health check-ups to senior citizens again in 2019 starting Tuesday, March 5. The agency has contracted 30 hospitals to perform 45,200 health check-ups.  Elderly from special groups are given a priority time window from 7AM, Thursday February 21, through 7PM, Tuesday February 26, to book their appointments online (other elderly residents will have to wait until March 5). Seniors in special groups are: elderly residents above 65 years of age living alone elderly residents in low-income households elderly residents in middle-low-income households elderly residents with physical or mental disabilities, and elderly indigenous residents above 55 years of age.  Anyone of those groups holding an ROC ID Card with household registered in Taipei City may, by themselves or with the help of relatives, book an appointment online through DOH at https://aged.health.gov.tw. Those without Internet access may call the Taipei Senior Services Hotline at 0800-031-889 (toll-free) 7AM to 7PM between February 18 and March 24. The hotlines service agents will book an appointment through the online system based on the callers information and preferences.  Senior citizens with hearing disabilities may use the Fax Service Hotline at 03-3019 799. From February 21 through February 26, they may provide their full name, National ID number, three hospitals for the check-up in descending order of preference, and contact details (fax, phone, or email) to the fax number above. Upon receipt, a service agent will book the appointment and inform the senior citizen concerned of the date, time, hospital, address, and other matters requiring their attention.  Booking system available for all senior Taipei residents on March 5   DOH Commissioner Huang Shier-chieg reminds elderly residents above 65 years of age and living in Taipei City that the online appointment booking system and onsite registration in hospitals will open starting March 5. The online appointment booking system will be open from 7AM March 5 through 7PM March 12 (or until all hospitals are fully booked, whichever comes earlier). Onsite registration in hospitals will run March 5-12 those registration times are set and announced by the hospitals. Special reminder: Taipei Medical University Hospital, Taipei Municipal Wanfang Hospital, and MacKay Memorial Hospital Taipei Branch only allow online appointment booking, they do not allow onsite registration. The other 27 hospitals offer both online appointment booking and onsite registration from 7AM March 5 through 7AM March 12 (or until they are fully booked, whichever comes earlier).  Senior residents that have booked appointments through this program must take a number at the hospital as usual and follow the hospitals registration requirements. The hospitals have the right to keep or cancel the registration of those who are not qualified or who do not follow the hospitals registration requirements.  Elderly health check-up offers annually alternating options A and B   Elderly residents must choose either one of health check-up Option A or Option B. Both options include a basic examination consisting of health history, physical assessment, depression screening, cognitive function assessment, and routine urine assay, routine blood assay, biochemical assay (for albumin, globulin, uric acid, blood urea nitrogen), fecal occult blood test, and fecal immunochemical test. Option A offers the basic examination plus a thyroid-stimulating hormone immunoassay, electrocardiogram, -fetoprotein examination, and chest X-ray examination, while Option B offers the basic examination plus an abdominal ultrasound examination. After the health check-up, the hospital will offer healthcare advice and referrals as needed. Option A is available every year, but elderly residents that chose Option B in 2018, must choose Option A in 2019. Option B can be chosen again in 2020. Elderly residents that have not used the adult preventive health consultation this year may combine it with their senior citizen health check-up.  Use the free health check-up to save money and your health!  Senior citizens over 65 years of age are eligible for one adult preventive health care consultation per year. This service, subsidized by the Health Promotion Administration (HPA) of the Ministry of Health and Welfare, covers a physical examination, depression screening, biochemical assay, and health consultation. For further information about booking this service at HPA-contracted hospitals, contact the toll-free Taipei Senior Services Hotline at 0800-031-889, any one of the 12 Taipei City Health Centers (each district has one), each contracted hospital, the Taipei Department of Health telephone service line (Tel: 1999 ext. 1801~1801), the Taipei Department of Health website (https://health.gov.taipei page link: https://goo.gl/z2U2rE), or the websites, telephone lines, or information desks of the HPA-contracted hospitals.
The 2019 Taipei Lantern Festival will officially switch on its lights February 16! For the third consecutive year, two temporary visitor information centers will be set up at the festival venue. With six service languages (English, Japanese, Korean, Thai, Vietnamese, and Indonesian), foreign visitors can easily find their way around the festival and fully enjoy all the fun that Taipei has to offer.  The visitor information centers will offer travel information, a Wi-Fi hotspot, mobile phone recharging, and other thoughtful services. There is also a selfie backdrop to spread the word about Taipeis hospitality as well as official Taipei City Souvenirs (while supplies last)!  This year's temporary visitor information centers are more international than ever. To offer all foreign visitors optimal service, booth staff will use an interpretation app to facilitate real-time communication with non-English-speaking foreign visitors that need certain information or directions, to ensure they too can fully enjoy the festival without barriers and take home pleasant memories of Taipei.   Those who check in with the visitor information center on Facebook or Instagram will receive an official Taipei City Souvenir. This year, guests have a choice of a cute and handy Taipei fridge magnet or a small sports towel with Bravo, Taipeis blue-nosed Formosan black bear mascot. Be quick as supplies are limited!  The two temporary visitor information centers at Taipei Lantern Festival are located at the main exhibition area outside Exit 6 of the MRT Ximen Station and on Zhongxiao West Road (near Eslites Dream Market craft bazaar) next to the Taipei Travel Plaza. The booths will be in operation February 16-24, with opening hours 17:00-22:00 on weekdays and 13:00-21:00 on weekends. Come enjoy Taipei, Asias city of light! 
Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived at the Flower Clock Plaza in Yangmingshan National Park on February 17 to participate in the opening ceremony of the 2019 Yangmingshan Flower Festival.  In his address, Mayor Ko argued that if Taipei wishes to become a beautiful and sophisticated city, it must maintain a schedule of staple events each year, as well as continuously reviews and improvements of the occasions over time. The night before, the mayor had presided over the opening ceremony of the Taipei Lantern Festival, which he felt had grown in quality and scale each year since it had moved to the citys Western District.  Ko said that this is why the city government needs to build a knowledge management system, a platform where the data on respective events is stored immediately following their conclusions and reviewed before the next occurrence. This ensures a mechanism to improve the respective events each time.  In his address, Mayor Ko also highlighted the activities taking place during the month-long Yangmingshan Flower Festival. In addition to a rich variety of flowers such as tulips, hyacinths, and daffodils, there are also art exhibitions and street dance competitions to admire. On the closing day of the festival, the city government will invite citizens for a mountain and river clean-up event to restore Yangmingshan to its natural beauty and purity.  The mayor highlighted the citys concept of the Taipei Flower Festival Schedule, which comprises the Taipei Camellia Show and the Lohas Cherry Blossom Festival before Chinese New Year, and the Yangmingshan Flower Festival right after, followed by the CKS Shilin Residence Tulip Exhibition and the Yangmingshan Zhuzihu Calla Lily Festival. The schedule then continues with the Taipei Azalea Season taking place on and around the campus of National Taiwan University in mid-March. Over the past four years, the city has planted 300,000 azaleas and rhododendrons along nearby streets such as Wenzhou Street, Roosevelt Street, and Dingzhou Street. Blossoming from January through March, these bright-flowered bushes have given rise to the South Districts new moniker, City of Azaleas.  In May, the Yangmingshan Hydrangeas Flower Festival and the Taipei Rose Festival takes place in the CKS Shilin Residence and the Rose Garden of Xinsheng Park respectively. The flower festival then concludes with the Shilin Residence Chrysanthemum Show. The City hopes to reach as many residents and visitors through the busy Taipei Flower Festival schedule. The mayor expressed his confidence that as these recurring events become increasingly fine-tuned on the levels of logistics, communication, and aesthetics, Taipei will develop not only as a city of economic production and consumption, but also a capital of beauty and culture. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the opening ceremony of the 2019 Taipei Lantern Festival in the evening of February 16. Noting that the Lantern Festival is a traditional holiday in Taiwan, he pointed out that the city government is blending modern technology into festival displays to create a unique fusion of tradition and modernity and a novel experience for its spectators.  After winding up his visit to the Taichung World Flora Exposition in the afternoon of the 16, the mayor rode the Taiwan High Speed Rail back to Taipei to make it to the opening ceremony of the 2019 Taipei Lantern Festival. He walked from Taipei Travel Plaza to Ximending via Beimen to admire the festivals giant lantern installations in the streets, including entries from home and abroad.  Following his appearance at the official opening and switching on the festivals main lantern, Ko visited the riddle area to wish people there a happy new year. He recalled that his mother always told him that until the Lantern Festival is over, its still considered Chinese New Year, and a proper time to wish people good health, wealth, and happiness.  Before kicking-off the festival, Mayor Ko briefly welcomed the citizens and guests attending the 2019 Taipei Lantern Festival, drawing their attention to the 2019 Taipei Luminarie light installation at City Hall Plaza, which opened on February 5 and runs until February 19. He expressed the hope that the slightly overlapping light spectacles would jointly light up the nights of Taipei during the month of February under the Lantern Festivals theme of Twinkle, Twinkle Taipei.  The mayor pointed out that the Lantern Festival is a traditional holiday in Taiwan, and that the city government is blending modern technology into the festival lanterns on display to create a unique fusion of tradition and modernity and a novel experience for spectators. Noting that many displays at this years event show a modern touch added to their traditional core, the mayor, without further ado, switched on the centerpiece and declared the festival open.  Using a mobile phone with Google Assistant to light up the traditional Twinkling Blossoms theme lantern, the mayor joined hands with eight distinguished guests to loudly sing Zhu Bao, the theme lantern, awake to the delight of the young and young at heart in the audience.
On February 14, the second public market housed in a building renovated under a Build-Operate-Transfer (BOT) contract," was officially opened with Mayor Ko Wen-je in attendance. He once said: ""To see the quality of an institution", just check its toilets. To know the caliber of a city, look at its markets. The project aims to involve the private sector in public services and to take Taipeis traditional markets to the next level.  The original Jiangnan Market was built in 1984. After the buildings air was found to contain high levels of chlorine in 2000, the city government decided the situation called for renovation of the building, and felt that a private-public partnership would be the best way to finance and construct the building and involve the private sector to improve the quality of this public service. This is also in line with the international trend of prioritizing the public interest and constructing modern market buildings to meet rising consumer expectations. After a public tender, the city government signed a BOT contract with the Jiangnan Alliance, a private-sector entity consisting of JSL Group and Hanyang Construction Corporation.  The Jiangnan Market BOT case has invested NT$640 million (USD 21 million) of private funding into this public construction project, with future expected income from land lease and royalties estimated at NT$260 million. The reconstructed Jiangnan Market Building has nine floors above ground and three floors underground. The first floor houses a supermarket with a broad assortment of groceries, fruit, vegetables, and fresh fish. The second floor has several family-friendly restaurants, while the third floor is a hotel. The building thus provides a variety of services for the surrounding residents, office workers, and tourists, and is expected to drive the development of a new shopping district in Neihu.  The new market building offers innovative services to tourists exploring the sights of Neihu and business people visiting the Neihu Science Park, pulling those visitors beyond their set destinations to see more of the district. The building serves the local community and office workers with light and affordable meals, as well as an array of non-food shopping options. The facility thus makes the area more lively and family-friendly. The city government will continue to invite private investment and activate underutilized real estate by enabling upgrades of the hardware and software of its markets, keeping Taipeis traditional markets in step with the times. 
In the evening of February 14, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a press event for testing lighting Twinkling Blossoms and Zhu Bao the Twinkling Transformer, where he and Google Greater Chinas Chief Marketing Officer Huang Jie-zhong, Taipei Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) Commissioner Liu Yi-Ting, and AKIBO, the curating artist who designed the centerpiece," warmed up together for the upcoming opening ceremony of the Taipei Lantern Festival on Saturday night.  Ko first activated Google Assistant by saying ""OK Google", I want to talk to the Taipei Lantern Festival, which switched on the charming Twinkling Blossoms lantern. After an introduction by AKIBO to the design concept behind the main festival lantern, the mayor, his three guests and the media and public enjoyed the first official display of the three-minute Zhu Bao the Twinkling Transformer light and sound show. Mayor Ko noted that this years event marks the third time that the Taipei Lantern Festival is held in Ximending. This years theme is Twinkle, Twinkle Taipei and the festival is more international than ever, with diplomatic allies and sister cities participating or attending, which also makes it a great opportunity to promote the West District Gateway Project.  Mayor Ko said that he believed that everyone, including himself, is looking forward to the festival which boasts a venue extending from Taipei Travel Plaza to Beimen. He revealed that he had come to check out the centerpiece in the afternoon, and to be honest he felt it looked a bit strange. But in his experience, strange-looking things can sell well, too. He expressed his confidence that this fortress-like festival lantern will also find favor with the public.  The mayor added that Saturday, February 16 is the official opening of the Taipei Lantern Festival. He welcomes everyone to come admire the lanterns and see whats new this year.  TPEDOIT, the organizer of the festival, said that Taipei will truly twinkle this February. Aside from the Taipei Luminarie light-up installation at City Hall Plaza, the Taiwans most anticipated lantern festival, the Taipei Lantern Festival will also kick-off on Saturday February 16. This year's Taipei Lantern Festival is not only twinkling, but also very international with four lantern theme zones: the Twinkling Theme Lanterns Area, Twinkling Creative Lantern Area, Twinkling Dream Life Area, and Twinkling Friendly Cities Area. At the Graffiti Dreamers' Base, international graffiti artists will make cute graffiti designs, while for the little ones there will be an international brand themed zone with the Tokyo Disneyland 35th Anniversary Parade, Fun Mickey celebrating his 90th birthday, I Love Peppa Pig, and other childrens favorites.  The agency pointed out that the Twinkling Blossoms and Zhu Bao the Twinkling Transformer at the main exhibition area, unveiled today, demonstrates how Google Assistant can help visitors navigate the lantern festival area. Googles latest voice control technology also enables the organizers to operate the illumination of the high-tech main lantern Zhu Bao the Twinkling Transformer, the first such lantern to apply digital imaging technology to run myriad LED lights to create stunning visual effects for the public. 
The 2019 Taipei International Book Exhibition is opening this week, and Extra-Ordinary Taipei, the book series recently published by the Taipei City Governments Department of Economic Development (DOED), will also be available there with attractive discounts of 10% on each copy, 15% on three copies, and 21% on five copies. On Friday February 15 and Sunday February 17, two conversations will be held on stage at the R.O.C Governmental Publications pavilion (booth D506 in Hall 1 of the Taipei World Trade Center).  Starting February 15 at 15:00, a conversation titled Behind the Scenes of Photography will be held between Lai Chi-kuang, photographer of Spend a Lifetime to Do One Thing Well, and Li A-Ming, author of There Is No God Here: Fishermen, Papa-San and Those Women. The biggest common feature between the two photographers is that they both stand close to their subjects on an equal footing, faithfully recording the genuine side of their subjects, without projecting firm positions or judgments. If youre curious to know what theyre thinking behind the lens, under what circumstances they cant press the shutter, or what these photographers will be asking one another, then simply show up at the booth at the scheduled time!  On February 17 at 14:00, a conversation titled Encounters in Design: A Tale of Taipei and Hong Kong will take place between two persons interviewed in the book series Extra-Ordinary Taipei: Javin Mao (Mao Zhuo-ran), founder of design studio Milkxhake, and Chad Liu, founder of Designsurfing. They will share and compare their urban observations from a design perspective to explore the topics How does design change the appearance of a city? and When design goes mainstream. Anyone with an interest in design is welcome to come listen in on their conversation.  The book series Extra-Ordinary Taipei presents the people that make up Taipei through from the perspective of industries. The publication depicts the not-so-ordinary stories of ordinary people as they go about their lives in the night markets, wet markets, agriculture, leisure and tourism farms, tea stores, fashion and food, business services, friendly shopping areas, innovation and entrepreneurship, innovative fields, creative hubs, design hotbeds, pet care, natural ecology, hot spring bathing, and more.  Extra-Ordinary Taipei is available through book stores, Google Play Books, and books.com.tw. For further information on the book, please visit the DOED website (https://www.doed.gov.taipei/) or follow the DOEDs Facebook fan page (https://www.facebook.com/doed.taipei/) 
After last years well-received Brimstone Hill Fortress-themed lantern display, St. Kitts and Nevis was invited again to participate in the Taipei Lantern Festival. Jasmine E. Huggins, Ambassador of Saint Christopher and Nevis to the ROC, announced that this years entry is a lantern with the theme of the Berkley Memorial, a popular hangout and photo-op spot for St. Kitts and Nevis residents and tourists alike. The lantern consists of a replica of the memorials clock and its drinking fountain surrounded by palm trees representing the tropical island nation. Come have a peek at this lovely Caribbean twin-island nation and feel the passion of its people.  Deputy Secretary-General of the Taipei City Government Hsueh Chun-ming said that although St. Kitts and Nevis is quite far away, it has nevertheless been a close friend and ally of Taiwan for more than 35 years. Taipei City proactively engages in exchanges with cities around the world from a perspective of city-to-city diplomacy and fosters friendship ties with its diplomatic allies. This years continued participation of St. Kitts and Nevis further deepens the familiarity and exchange between the peoples of both countries and mutual understanding of each other's cultures. Hopefully, St. Kitts and Nevis will contribute many more beautiful lanterns to Taipei Lantern Festivals for many years to come.  Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs Miguel Tsao Li-jey noted that this year the embassies of Caribbean diplomatic allies St. Kitts and Nevis and Belize both participate in the 2019 Taipei Lantern Festival, with the former joining for the second time. Its entry is inspired by the Berkeley Memorial in its capital Basseterre, which commemorates the efforts of Thomas Berkeley, the president of the General Legislative Council at that time, to defend the welfare of the people of St. Kitts and Nevis in 1880. Taiwanese enjoy the right to 90-day visa-exempt stays in the Caribbean twin-island nation, which warmly welcomes Taiwanese to come and visit with friends and family to experience its culture.  In 1983, St. Christopher and Nevis established diplomatic relations with Taiwan, and this year marks the second time that its embassy has participated in the Taipei Lantern Festival. Ambassador Huggins pointed out that this years participation serves to celebrate more than 35 years of deep diplomatic friendship between the two countries. Last years entry was inspired by Brimstone Hill Fortress National Park, the UNESCO World Heritage Site on St. Kitts. This years entry represents the historical monument of the Berkeley Memorial, a public clock mounted on a baroque pedestal and surrounded by Masquerade dancers. The ambassador invite local citizens to come visit their twin island nation to see the memorial and many other sites for real and experience the tropical hospitality of the people of St. Kitts and Nevis.  The Berkeley Memorial Clock was established by St. Kitts and Nevis to commemorate its former legislator Thomas Berkeley. Built in Glasgow, Scotland in 1883, the Berkeley Memorial Clock was erected in the heart of the Circus in the capital Basseterre. The monument consists of a clock and a drinking fountain, surrounded by palm trees that represent the islands nature and culture. It is a must-see landmark for tourists and a popular hangout for local residents as well. In December during the St. Kitts and Nevis Carnival, the memorial forms the heart of the Masquerade, a street parade of dancers in traditional masks and costumes.  The 2019 Taipei Lantern Festival will be held from Saturday February 16 through Sunday February 24 in the West District of Taipei. The Berkeley Memorial will be on the east side of Zhonghua Road (between Wuchang Street and Youyang Street). All the latest updates on the 2019 Taipei Lantern Festival are published on the event website http://2019.lanternfestival.taipei/. 
Did you know that Taipei City offers recycled water free of charge? The Dihua Sewage Treatment Plant (intersection of Huanhe North Road and Dunhuang Road) in Datong District and the Neihu Sewage Treatment Plant along (No. 2, Section 2, Jiuzong Road) in Neihu District both provide such water 24 hours a day.  How are the quality and safety of this recycled water? How can it be used? Recycled water is produced through biological treatment, sedimentation, disinfection, and filtration of domestic sewage water from Taipei residents. It is not as safe as tap water, so contact with the human body should be avoided.  Recycled water is sprayed at construction sites to reduce dust. It is also used to clean streets, to cool road surfaces," and to water plants and trees. Automatic monitoring equipment on the sites where this recycled water is used ensures safety and enables people to check the water quality themselves at any time for their information and peace of mind.  ""Make hay while the sun shines", and save water while you have it. Taiwan and Taipeis government agencies cherish the countrys water resources. The Neihu and Dihua Sewage Treatment Plants themselves use recycled water instead of tap water to clean their walls, floors, and roads, and water the flowers and plants on their compounds. Knowledge and acceptance of recycled water is not yet commonplace among the populace, so the government is still in the stage of raising awareness and promoting its use.  As extreme weather events will become more frequent in the future, water shortages will become major challenges for countries around the world. Protecting and treating the earths precious water resources will be crucial to the survival of mankind. Government agencies, groups, water-intensive companies, families, and individuals are all welcome to collect recycled water free of charge and so contribute to Taipeis sustainable urban water environment. 
Taipei Travel Plaza, the capstone of the West District Gateway Project, and the Mitsui Warehouse will jointly serve as a venue for the Taipei Lantern Festival, featuring a cityscape that serves as the gateway to western Taipei with a mix of urban and rural atmospheres. Come check out the nostalgic scene from the heyday of the Ministry of Railways with special varieties of Vanilleae and romantic, purple Chinese penisettum.  The area around Taipei Railway Station has always been a thriving business hub. Over time, a wide variety of buildings have risen up here, representing the various phases of Taipeis prosperous economic development. After the railways were moved underground and the city center moved east, the West District has been in steady decline. The current West District Gateway Project intends to pull some of Taipei's business and bustle back from eastern to western Taipei.  The original Traffic Plaza No. 8, located in the heart of the West District Gateway Project, is a center of historical significance. Experts and scholars have drawn attention to the fact that abroad, many important city squares and their adjacent streets go by one single name, such as Times Square in New York and Place de la Concorde in Paris. In the same vein, the string of cultural and green assets stretching from Taipei Travel Plaza next to Taipei Railway Station, the proposed Railway Museum, and Beimen Plaza could all be subsumed under the Taipei Travel Plaza name in order to create a physical image of a national gateway to Taiwan and a green living room for the city of Taipei. As future events may attract ever greater crowds, Chongqing North Road could be converted to a pedestrian zone and connected with both plazas to form one integrated area for large-scale events.  Director Huang Li-yuan of the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) noted that the integrated base of Taipei Travel Plaza Part II (formerly Traffic Plaza No. 8) and its surrounding sidewalks are covered with permeable pavement to help mitigate flooding during heavy precipitation in this era of climate change. During the redevelopment of the area, the biodiversity of red cedars, camphor trees, Formosan sweet gums, banyan trees, and Taiwan Golden-Rain Trees has been preserved, such that the greenery of Taipei Travel Plaza forms a green belt of shady and cooling trees. More red cedars will be planted to add autumn colors and bring out greater distinction among the four seasons on the plaza.  Horticultural Management Division Chief Yang Kuo-yu of PSLO explained that Taipei Travel Plaza Part II applies a mix of trees, shrubs, and ground cover plants to enrich the inner-city flora and fauna. So, amid the concrete jungle, decorative grasses like white and purple Chinese pennisettum, fountain grass, golden hair grass, and white cogon grass will add a touch of wilderness to the city landscape. Rosemary, holy basil, and mealy sage will slow down passers-by. Planters of different sizes and heights, shrubs, and trees will create spaces with different characteristics and functions that will change with the seasons and lend the landscape additional dynamism. In combination with the historical Mitsui Warehouse the scene will offer a variety of sights and some green relief for commuters and travelers at this busy transportation hub.  Taipei Travel Plaza Part II (formerly Traffic Plaza No. 8) also features a pond in front of the Mitsui Warehouse. Besides reflecting this unique historical building, the shallow pond also functions as a water play area for little children and their caretakers. At night, illumination highlights the historical monuments of the plaza and creates a warm atmosphere. To save energy and reduce light pollution, the illumination is concentrated and limited, creating a comfortable and safe public space that is also suitable for nighttime performances. The plaza is being opened up in stages. This February the plaza will be one of the display areas for the 2019 Taipei Lantern Festival, which will be the first time that the general public can experience a bit of Yangming Mountain fauna in the middle of Taipei. Come stroll among the historical sites of Beimen Plaza and reminisce about the golden days of the Ministry of Railways and old Taipei. 
The Lantern Festival is upon us, with its pretty lantern displays, traditional activities, and yummy food! Amid the cheer, all those snacks and meals can easily add up to a shocking amount of calories, fats, sugar, and salt. Therefore, the Department of Health (DOH) and the dieticians of Taipei City Hospital have designed and created a festival lantern titled Good Food Good Fortune using natural ingredients that replace chemical colorings to show how everyone can celebrate the Lantern Festival in a happy and healthy way. These three smart recipes will make your tangyuan (glutinous rice flour balls) look good, taste great, and be healthy as well:  1. Low in calories The Good Food Good Fortune display feature traditional sweet soup with filled tangyuan balls in five colors symbolizing health, wealth, good deeds, a long life, and happy old age. Replacing the usual sugar-based soup with a subtle rose tea will bring the distinct tastes of the various tangyuan to the fore, unveiling the variety within the dish which is usually masked by the heavy and sugary soup. You could even surprise your guests by adding interesting flavors such as slices of aged ginger, red dates, wolfberries, or dried longan. Go low on calories, aim high on health!  2. Low in sugar and fat Many traditional tangyuan fillings contain peanuts and sesame, and are high in fat and sugar. Besides choosing tangyuan without fillings, you could also use fruit to color and sweeten your tangyuan in place sugar. When making the skin of your tangyuan, you could also replace part of the rice flour with soft tofu. This will improve the mealy texture and make the tangyuan skins melt away in the mouth. Impress your guests with these tangyuan du chef!   3. High in fibers You may add high-fiber ingredients to the skins of your tangyuan, using phytochemicals in dragon fruit for red coloring, beta-carotene in pumpkin for yellow, folic acid in spinach for green, purple yam for, well, purple, and protein-rich quinoa to make beautifully white skins. In savory tangyuan, you may add chrysanthemum leaves, baby bok choy, and other greens that are high in fiber, or enoki or shiitake mushrooms to replace shredded meat. Now, thats a healthy and lucky start to the New Year!  DOH advises that any consumers purchasing ready-made tangyuan to read the label on the packaging, especially the dietary information per serving, per 100 g, and the number of servings in the package, in order to select tangyuan balls that are lower in calories, fats, saturated fats, sugar, and salt. Avoid tangyuan with impossibly bright colors, a funny smell, or damaged packaging. Dont store them too long. Its best to buy them fresh and boil them right away.  Whether you like your tangyuan sweet or savory, its easy to have too many of them. So, count them as you eat, and dont forget to get some movement. Health is wealth, as the saying goes, and for good reason. Further detail on the DOH website: https://health.gov.taipei/. 
The nine-day 2019 Taipei Lantern Festival will take place from Saturday February 16 until Sunday February 24 on Zhonghua Road Section 1 (from Zhongxiao West Road Section 2 to Chengdu Road), Zhongxiao West Road Section 1 (pedestrian lanes), Beimen Plaza, Traffic Plaza No.8, and Taipei Travel Plaza.  From 19:00 through 20:30 on February 16, an opening ceremony will be held on the main stage near MRT Ximen station, which is expected to attract large crowds. To ensure smooth traffic and safety, the Taipei City Police Department (TCPD) will implement the following traffic measures in accordance with its Traffic Maintenance Plan for the event:  Traffic measures during the festival opening (subject to change depending on actual crowd flow)  1. Time: February 16, 17:00-21:30 2. Roads: Chengdu Road (between Xining South Road and Zhonghua Road), Hanzhong Street (between Chengdu Road and Changsha Street between Neijiang Street and Changsha Street: only the lanes toward north), Hengyang Road (between Zhonghua Road and Yanping South Road), as shown in Map 1.  Other traffic measures [from Saturday February 16 until Sunday February 24]: 1. Vendor area in Xiushan Street (between parking exit and Hengyang Road), Yongsui Street (between Yanping South Road and Boai Road) will be closed for traffic every day from 06:00  midnight. 2. Depending on the crowd size at Beimen Plaza during the festival, additional traffic measures may apply to Zhonghua Road and Yanping South Road Yanping South Road may be closed to vehicles, and the east side pedestrian crossing of the intersection of Zhongxiao West Road and Yanping South Road may be closed.  Control measures for certain types of vehicles: To ensure traffic safety and order during the lantern festival February 16-24, large trucks (gross weight above 6.5 tons) and trucks with trailers will be banned within the area south of Civic Boulevard and Zhengzhou Road west of Zhongshan South and North Road north of Aiguo West Road and Guilin Road and east of Huanhe South and North Road, and Kangding Road, as shown in Map 2.  The general public is asked to observe the following:  1. During the festival, the Police Department will strengthen crackdown on illegal parking along Zhonghua Road, Chengdu Road, Zhongxiao West Road, and others. 2. Parking spaces around the festival area will be in short supply. Spectators are advised to take the public transportation such as MRT or bus to decrease congestion and save time. 3. During the festival, traffic along Zhonghua Road and Zhongxiao West Road will likely become congested. Motorists are urged to choose different routes. Those heading east and west could drive along Changan West Road, Civic Boulevard, Aiguo West Road, and Heping West Road. Those heading north and south could drive along Chongqing South Road, Zhongshan South Road, and Huanhe South Road.  During the festival, the Police Broadcasting Service (FM 104.9, FM 94.3) will insert TCPD updates on traffic conditions and traffic control measures throughout its programming. Motorists are advised to follow these announcements and choose alternative routes to avoid congested times and places, and follow the directions of police and volunteer traffic police officers at intersections in order to ensure safe and smooth traffic. 
Would you enjoy watching the New Years cherry blossoms glide by your MRT or bus window? Are you up for a revitalizing soak in a hot spring? If your answer is yes, then hop on one of the comfortable MRT trains or buses and head to Beitou District to enjoy the tranquil parks and the variety of attractions in the area!  Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) Director Huang Li-yuan observed that the in the old days, the hot spring streams along Beitou Park used to be open-air bathing spaces, informal and free of charge. But as these places might look messy in the eyes of day tourists, police enforced a ban on these public hot spring baths from 1901 onward. The Japanese love hot spring (onsen) bathing, so the Japanese colonizers (1895-1945) of Taiwan developed Beitous hot spring culture as their slice of home. Since those days, Beitou developed as Taiwans premier hot spring area, strewn with private bath houses and restaurantsdefinitely worth a trip.  When you exit MRT Xinbeitou Station, you walk straight into Qixing Park. After checking out the Xinbeitou Historic Station, renovated in 2017, you may want to try the temperature of the Japanese-style hot spring hand baths that were opened on November last year  and which are free of charge. As the hands are closer to the heart and brain than the feet are, some argue that hand baths do a better job of warming the body than foot baths can.  In Fuxing Park (Address: No. 200, Zhonghe Street) starts a family-friendly easy trail that winds through the park along Huanggang Creek. The park features picturesque spots like an arched bridge, a nine-curve pathway, and various types of elegant and breezy gazebos. The spring water of the foot bathing pond, large enough for about 50 people, has a quality close to the green sulfur springs of nearby Sulfur Valley and allegedly has beneficial effects on chronic skin problems, sore joints and ligaments, and the bodys metabolism.  Still not done? Get a change of scenery and take bus 230 or minibus 22 to the stop opposite Yifang Elementary School, where you will find Quanyuan Park No. 47 and 48 nestled within a horseshoe of mountains. Sitting in the semi-outdoor foot spa pond surrounded by the verdant slopes, you will feel close to nature. So, roll up your pants and dip into your bit of bliss!  If you prefer a full-body spa bath, then head straight to Beitou Park! The newly made-over entrance area features a Mirror Family Fountain Pond, which greets old and young visitors with a waterfall, waves of mist, and spouting water columns. The cherry trees and peony bushes are also in full bloom now. Passing by the classic and tranquil library, you will see the Beitou Hot Spring Museum, which was once built as Taiwans first public bath house. This nostalgic place houses an 800 kg rock of Hokutolite, the museums pride and joy. Hokutolite is the only one among the worlds 4000 minerals to be named after a Taiwanese town!  After soaking up some hot spring lore at the museum, it is finally time to take a literal soak in the baths of one of Taiwans world-famous outdoor hot springs, Millennium Hot Spring, and wash all your weariness away. The park area boasts six public hot spring ponds with water temperatures ranging from 38C to 42C (100-108F). The overall design, inspired by Japanese architecture, uses natural materials such as rocks and wood for the floors and partitions, while the roofs are covered with classic black tiles, which together evoke a quite Japanese atmosphere. Visitors with enough stamina can hike farther up the mountain to find the hot spring streams original wells. They will find the hottest water in Geothermal Valley Park, where mysterious mists linger over still pondsan enchanting place for young and old.  Yangmingshan National Park Management Division Chief Lin Chao-chia said that the hot spring spas that have been built around the national park reflect the areas history and thus draw crowds of visitors that wish to experience the culture and the nature of this unique place. Cultural points of interest include the Japanese-style Plum Garden, built by scholar and politician Yu You-ren (1879-1964) as an escape from the summer heat, and the Beitou Public Library, Taiwans first energy-efficient green building and voted one of the 25 most beautiful public libraries in the world by US-based cultural news website Flavorwire in 2012. Thus Beitou District makes for a wonderful and affordable hot spring outing destination, offering an abundance of historical, cultural, natural, affordable treats that cannot be found anywhere in Taipei. But fortunately it is near Taipei, so that its residents and visitors can swap the noisy urban jungle for Beitous lush mountains and hot springs that restore the body, mind, and soul. So, what are you waiting for? 
The 2019 Taipei Lantern Festival is coming to town! The event will take place from Saturday February 16 until Sunday February 24 across various venues: Zhonghua Road Section 1, Zhongxiao West Road Section 1, Beimen Plaza, Traffic Plaza No. 8, and Taipei Travel Plaza. Traffic restrictions will be in force at the nearby MRT Ximen and Beimen stations to manage the crowds. Furthermore, on the weekend days of February 16, 17, and 24, bicycles will not be allowed to enter or exit these stations from 15:00 onward, but MRT Ximen station will still allow bicycle transfers between different lines.  The Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) has announced that, due to the lantern festivals centerpieces and the main stages proximity to subway exits, and to ensure the safety and comfort of the public, Exits 1 and 6 of MRT Ximen Station will only be open for entry but not for exit. Travelers can exit this station from Exits 2, 3, 4, 5.  To disperse the crowds quicker from the stations platforms, the emergency escape routes will open up as temporary passages. Movable gates erected on the platforms will direct the crowds to these temporary passages so they can vacate the station quicker. Also, extra train services will be added if necessary.  Travelers should pay attention to the announcements in the station and aboard the trains, as TCTR may, depending on the crowds, adjust train schedules or request passengers to alight at MRT Ximen Station or MRT Beimen Station and proceed to the lantern festival venue from there.  During the weekend of Taipei Lantern Festival (February 16, 17, and 24), bicycles will not be allowed to enter or exit these stations from 15:00 onward, but Ximen Station will allow bicycle transfers between different MRT lines.  TCTR plans to dispatch 400 staff members to direct crowds at MRT Ximen Station and MRT Beimen Station and to control the crowds on the platform, gate, and exit levels to ensure smooth and safe entry and exit. The public is requested to follow the staff members directions and ensure their own safety as well as that of children and elderly in their company. In the event of service schedule adjustments or other crowd management measures, please wait calmly in the train cars or in the station. For more detailed traffic information, please contact TCTRs 24-hr customer service hotline: (02) 218-12345, the Citizen Hotline: 1999 (Tel 02-2720-8889 when calling from outside Taipei), or visit the TCTR website: https://www.metro.taipei/. 
Whats a good place to visit at the start of the Year of the Pig? The Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) of the Taipei City Governments Public Works Department suggests Taipei residents and visitors go to the Zhinan Scenic Area to soak up some new year vibes. This scenic area is easily accessible from the Zhinan Temple Station of the Maokong Gondola, which is a fun and fast way to bypass the new years traffic jams on the mountain roads. The architecture and the religious and cultural heritage of the Zhinan Temple, with its numerous red lanterns around the new year, make for a festive atmosphere. The temple and recreational facilities, carefully designed and well-maintained by GEO, make a wonderful destination for a new years hike with family and friends.  Zhinan Temple manager Kao Chao-wen said that the temple is located at a serene mountain top in Wenshan District. In recent years, the temple and GEO have jointly established various new points of interest in the scenic area and improved the appearance of the surroundings. Late last year, the forest around the Qixing Pond in the mountains at the front of the temple complex was upgraded by removing some dense patches and planting rhododendrons and Formosan sweet gums to give the park a more classic Chinese feel in tune with the architecture of the temple and the little chapels spread over the grounds.  GEO Forest Recreation Section Chief Sun Shu-hsia said that the agency has constructed a Chinese zodiac themed mountain trail for visitors to experience the cultural heritage left by the ancient Chinese saints and recluses. At the Pig Zodiac Sign Area near the top of the trail stands a pair of cute human-like pig statues wearing ancient ceremonial high hats that signify a welcome to special guests. At the onset of the Year of the Pig they may grant good fortune to people that take the trouble to visit them all the way up the mountain, which is why this time of year this scenic spot proves highly popular. At the highest point of the trail sits the Lovers Spot with a romantic and breezy gazebo overlooking the Taipei cityscape, including Taipei 101 and the Maokong forest and tea plantation area.  The top of the mountain behind the temple complex offers a stunning view over the entire Taipei basin, while the Maokong Gondola gives visitors a chance to admire the landscape from midair. All and sundry are invited to come visit this gorgeous area to enjoy the outdoors with family and friends, to pray for blessings and good fortune, or discover pointers for ones life in the year. (Zhinan in the temples name means pointing south on the compass.)  Directions: (1) Front mountain area: Take buses 530 or Brown 5, alight at Zhinan Temple Stop. (2) Back mountain: Take Community Bus 10 or Zhinan Left Line, alight at Zhinan Temple Stop. When riding the Maokong Gondola, alight at Zhinan Temple Stop.  
On January 31, Taipei City Mayor Ko Wen-je oversaw the Taipei City African Swine Fever Prevention and Response Drill. Afterwards, he noted that if the African Swine Fever (ASF) were to enter Taiwan, it would have a huge impact on the countrys economy. As a busy international traffic hub, Taipei makes a plausible point of entry for the virus. Therefore, he exhorted the participating units to record any issues arising and to continue practicing the drill to achieve optimal readiness and response, and to prevent panic.  Mayor Ko noted that the value of Taiwans annual pig production is NT$ 70 billion (USD 2.25 billion). When the value of pig feed and food processing is added to this, the total annual value of swine-related industry reaches approximately NT$ 200 billion (USD 6.5 billion). When ASF enters Taiwan, it usually cannot be solved within a year. Foot-and-mouth disease, for instance, required almost two decades to eradicate. If ASF virus were to impact Taiwans pig industry with its NT$ 200 billion annual output, the losses over several years would pose an immense threat to the industry. Therefore, this virus must be dealt with resolutely.  He added that, due to the presence of international tourists, Taiwanese companies, and Mainland Chinese spouses, Taipei sees intensive international traffic flows, which make the city a rather plausible point of entry for the virus to enter Taiwan. The city government therefore set up the Taipei City African Swine Fever Response Task Force on January 4, 2019. Since founding, the task force has met four times and drills have been held. Standard operating procedures for kitchen refuse handling, discoveries or outbreaks of ASF, and biosafety mechanisms have all been established.  The mayor said that there are currently 11 sites within Taipei City that raise a total of 700 pigs, which accounts for about 0.01% of Taiwans pig population. Even if small, everything that can be done, must be done. Thus, Taipei has now banned the use of kitchen refuse in feeding hogs. Instead, they must be fed pig feed. He emphasized that todays drill had uncovered some specialized issues that require further action, including the treatment of kitchen refuse and the disposal process for ASF-infected pigs (burial or incineration). These technical issues uncovered in the drill must be properly recorded and resolved, the mayor said, adding that drill must continue, so that all units are ready to handle an ASF outbreak should it occur, and prevent panic.  Ko thanked the Animal Protection Office, Department of Environmental Protection, and other units of the Taipei City Government and the R.O.C. Army for their participation in the drill. He expressed his trust that the issues uncovered through the drill would be resolved as soon as possible.
On the evening of January 29, Mayor Ko Wen-je paid a visit to Ningxia Night Market to convey his new years wishes and hand out red envelopes. He pointed out that Ningxia is not only the first night market in Taiwan, but will also stay number one forever as long as its vendors keep coming up with new ideas. Taipei City Government is always willing to lend its support to help the Ningxia Night Market become the benchmark for night markets all over Taiwan and beyond, and take the quality of Taiwans night markets to ever higher levels.  Since the 2019 Chinese New Year Street Bazaar have extended to encompass Bangka Night Market this year for the very first time, the mayor decided to have a walk around Wanhua to soak up the new years vibes and pay a visit to nearby Ningxia Night Market to wish its vendors and patrons well in the new year ahead.  Mayor Kos nighttime visit to the shopping and night market area of Wanhua District underscored that Bangka Night Market is part and parcel of the CNY Street Bazaar. Handing out red envelopes, he was warmly welcomed by local vendors. Within 15 minutes, his 1000 red envelopes were all snatched up. Ko told the market association and vendors that since this is the first CNY Street Bazaar to be held at their night market, there is bound to be room for improvement. He invited them to get in touch with the citys Market Administration Office and the Office of Commerce, and promised the full support of the city government.  Besides the publics all-time favorite foods, the event organizer also requested Wanhuas Chi Tien Temple to bring out its Matsu statue to lend its blessings to the occassion. Mayor Ko duly offered joss sticks to pray for luck, protection, and brisk business for the vendors.  While visiting the Ningxia shopping area, Mayor Ko pointed out that the Ningxia Night Market is arguably the benchmark for all night markets across Taiwan, as it is constantly innovating and improving itself. For instance, it was the first to introduce grease trap device, electronic payments, and a ban on disposable tableware in its constant pursuit of ever higher quality.  Mayor Ko noticed that the plates, cups, and tablecloths at the Qiansuiyan Restaurant are all cultural and creative products -- so the Ningxia Night Market was not only the first, but will always remain the first if it carries on this way. He expressed the hope that everyone there would continue their excellent work, adding that for the Taipei City Government there is no best, theres only better, meaning there is always room for yet further improvement. As long as the Ningxia Night Market keeps coming up with new ideas, the Taipei City Government is willing to lend its support. Mayor Ko expressed his wish for Ningxia Night Market to become the standard of Taipeis night markets and then for all of Taiwan. If everyone works together, the quality of Taiwan's night market can only become better and better.  After these words, Mayor Ko posed for a selfie with two students from National Yunlin University of Science and Technology who had designed the tableware for the Qiansuiyan Restaurant. Finally, he drew out the lucky ticket for the main prize: a 43 TV set. 
Oh my God! How will my career go in the Year of the Pig? As we usher in a brand-new year, who wouldnt want to know about their health, love, or career? The Taipei Mass Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) has teamed up with the Longshan Temple in Wanhua District to launch the very first Lucky Trip ticket.  On Thursday January 31 at 10:00 am, a special ticket vending machine at Longshan Temple metro station will start selling these Lucky Trip tickets, which come in a limited edition of 5,000 pieces of NT$ 50 each and are limited to 2 tickets per person. These blessing cards double as one-way tokens (round plastic tickets). After using them for a ride, they will be released by the fare gates, so passengers can keep them as mementos. At the time of purchase, the ticket vending machine will display options for fortune-telling poems about health, love, or career for the buyer to choose from. After purchase, the screen will display a printable receipt of the poem and a QR code, which the passenger can scan with their mobile phone to store the poem. In addition, Longshan Temple will hand out 200 lucky charms as gifts to the first 200 ticket buyers.  The name of the Lucky Trip tokens refers to the good luck we all wish for in life, and to the metro trips we make to get around the city. Together these words represent good wishes from Taipei Metro to its passengers. Distinct from the usual blue one-way tickets, the Lucky Trip token comes in lucky pink with the character  (pronunciation: ji auspiciousness) at the center, composed of traditional design elements such as temple fortune-telling sticks, Fukien-style roof eaves, and swallowtails to add extra lucky flavor to the token.  After entry through the fare gate, the token is valid for unlimited travel distance across the MRT system until exit through any fare gate. The fare gate will release the token after it is used, allowing the passenger to keep it as a memento.  As a token of the temples appreciation for the passengers, a limited number of complimentary red envelopes will be available at the service desk of the Longshan Temple metro station on presentation of the token and purchase receipt. Available while supplies last.  For further information about the Lucky Trip ticket or the red envelopes, please talk to the service desk at Longshan Temple metro station, or call TRTCs 24hr Customer Service Line: (02) 218-12345, the Citizen Hotline: 1999 (02-2720 8889 when calling from outside Taipei), or visit the Taipei Metro website at https://www.metro.taipei/.
On January 28, 2019, the Neihu Precinct was honored with a visit by Administrative Deputy Minister of the Interior Lin Tzu-ling, National Police Agency Director-General Chen Ja-chin, and Taipei City Police Department Commissioner Chen Jia-Chang, who came to express the interior ministrys appreciation for the hard work of the men and women in the police force. The visit fell on the first day of the Neihu Precincts expanded pre-examination education for safety work for major festivals. The dignitaries praised the police officers, traffic control volunteers, civil defense members, and neighborhood security patrol team members for their hard work and selfless dedication. The deputy minister bestowed group awards, rewards, and individual active citizen allowances, shook hands with the recipients, and took a memorial photograph with all present.  Lasting fifteen days from January 28 through February 11, the safety and maintenance work revolved around three themes: public safety, smooth traffic, and peace of mind.  1. Public safety: In 2018, the Neihu Precinct conducted the Drug-Free Peaceful Communities Project and smashed four drugs trafficking gangs, arresting 11 big and small drug criminals, and seizing 40 g of drugs. In the Anti-Scamming and Pickpocketing Project, surveillance images of vehicles and persons around ATMs were analyzed and criminals were caught in the act and arrested. In total, 65 complicit drivers and 50 texting phishers were arrested, 13 people were arrested with a warrant, and two people were caught in the act. Five people were detained and an individual incarcerated, thanks to detective work tracing back to higher sources. The precinct also actively prevented 14 people from falling victim to scams. The total amount of scams prevented amounted to NT$ 11,956,620. In the Gun Sweep Project, four modified guns and five air guns were seized, and one criminal organization was locked down.  2. Smooth traffic: Personnel was dispatched to roads within the precinct to direct traffic and keep intersections clear. Traffic lights were optimized and major traffic violations were handled to reduce congestion and safeguard the public. In 2018, there were 580 cases of driving under the influence, 12,015 cases of ignoring red lights, and 16,338 cases of speed violations.  3. The people's peace of mind: To make the public feel safer during the Chinese New Year holiday, an event titled The Golden Pig Ushers in Good Fortune, The New Spring Brings Opportunities will be held on the first floor of Building 2 of RT-Mart in Neihu on Saturday January 26 to spread knowledge about crime prevention. At the event, police officers will show off their karate, dance, and combat skills and demonstrate techniques for surveillance, fist fights, and knife fights, which promises to be quite a spectacle. Games will enable parents and children to stretch their minds, have fun, and learn a thing or two.  The Neihu Precinct said that in addition to mobilizing all its police manpower, it will also work closely with traffic control volunteers, civil defense members, neighborhood security patrol team members, and police volunteers to accomplish its tasks of public safety, smooth traffic and peace of mind, giving the public a worry-free start to a happy new year.
On the afternoon of January 26, 2019, Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived at the Houhuadi shopping district for a pre-new-year visit. He pointed out that the area behind Taipei Main Station used be no more than the citys bargain shopping district, but these days hes pleased to see how it has grown into three distinct areas: Taipei Main Rear Station, Huayin Street, and the underground Taipei City Mall, each of which is developing well in their own right. He expressed his confidence that the Taipei Twin Towers, once completed, will contribute to the prosperity of the area.  Ko said that the Taipei Twin Towers is one of Taipeis most important development projects in the coming decade. If everything moves quickly, construction may start this year. In a remark aimed at the Department of Urban Development (DUD), he noted that when this NT$ 60 billion (USD 2 billion) development starts construction, it should be coordinated with the overall urban development of the entire area behind the station. The Taipei Twin Towers should be planned in connection with the Taipei Main Rear Station underpass in order to create maximum prosperity for the whole area comprising the Taipei Main Rear Station, Huayin Street, and Taipei City Mall.  In addition, Ko said that he had been informed that the Railway Museum and the Postal Museum will probably open in 2019. Currently, only locations E1 and E2 are still vacant. They could talk to the Taiwan Railway Administration to see how E1 and E2 could be developed. This would work like a capstone to the entire West District Gateway Project, with Taipei Twin Towers being the only piece to be completed.  The mayor also pointed out that over the past three years, the main lanterns of Taipei Lantern Festival were all installed in the Ximending area. One of the two centerpieces of this years lantern festival will be placed at the Taipei Travel Plaza in an effort to pull the crowds northward. He expressed confidence that the crowds will spill over to the Houhuadi shopping district, hopefully adding buzz and a boost to the entire area.  Since there were many children and young people at the event, the mayor mentioned that the Houhuadi shopping district is now an important wholesale area for toys, fashion, and general merchandise. It is also an important wholesaling spot for ICT products. Especially around Chinese New Years, many shops will have lotteries offering many prizes. This year, prizes include eight pigs of pure gold and round-trip tickets to Okinawa, Japan, plus stays in five-star hotels. The mayor welcomed everyone to shop at the district and wished them luck in the raffles, as well as good fortune in the Year of the Pig. 
To enhance Taipeis flood control capacity, the Minsheng and Shilin pumping stations will be upgraded accordingly. The catchment areas of both pumping stations combined will reach 332.75 hectares, and their pumping capacity will be increased. From December through April, when flood risks are at their lowest, the stations pumps will be progressively replaced. The entire upgrade will be completed by June 2020.  The Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) of the Taipei City Governments Public Works Department stated that the Minsheng Pumping Station covers the area bordered by Chang'an West Road to the south, Jinzhou Street to the north, Chifeng Street to the west, and Xinsheng North Road Section 2 to the east. The stations catchment area is 69.75 hectares and it forms one zone with the catchment area of Guangneng Borough in Datong District.  The River Engineering Section of HEO pointed out that some sections of Chifeng Street are at significantly higher elevation than its neighboring alleys and roads. When precipitation levels fill the drainage system and the road surfaces, it may exceed the systems current drainage capacity and flooding is possible. For this reason, HEO has decided to upgrade the water pumps of Minsheng Pumping Station. The five current pumps with 3CMS (ton/second) pumping capacities will be replaced with five pumps of 4CMS (ton/second) pumping capacity. This will greatly improve the stations total pumping capacity, from 15 tons per second to 20 tons per second. The pumps will also be placed at a lower level, which will further improve flood protection for the surrounding neighborhoods.  It added that the equipment of the Shilin Pumping Station will be renewed as well. The drainage system of this station is located at the junction of the Keelung River and the Shuang Stream in the northern part of Taipei City. Its catchment area is bordered by the mountain area with Ming Chuan University and the CKS Shilin Residence Park to its west, Keelung River with Shezi Island to the east, Shuang Stream with Fulin Pumping Station to the south, and the Jiantan Pumping Stations system with Chengde Road Section 4 and Fude Road to the north. This catchment area covers 263 hectares.  The HEO will replace the stations 10 current water pumps of 5.1 CMS (ton/second) capacity with 10 pumps of 5.5 CMS (ton/second) capacities each. This will increase the stations total pumping capacity from 51 tons per second to 55 tons per second and solve the cumbersome maintenance and repairs of this old water pump station, as replacement parts are becoming increasingly difficult to find.  The pumping stations make up the first line of flood prevention and control in Greater Taipei. The HEOs pump upgrade project for the Minsheng and Shilin pumping stations is currently in the tendering stage. To maintain the required pumping capacity during flood season, the water pumps will be gradually replaced during the non-flood period from December 2019 to April 2020. The entire renewal project is expected to be completed by June 2020 to offer continued and improved protection of the lives and property of Taipeis residents. 
To welcome the arrival of the Year of the Pig in 2019, the Taipei Flower Auction Co., Ltd. (TFA) will extend its business hours in two phases in preparation for Chinese New Year.  During Phase 1 between January 21 and 30, potted flower Pavilion B will be open daily until 3 pm. During Phase 2 the flower market will be open for 108 hours non-stop from noon on January 31 until noon on February 4 (Chinese New Year's Eve), with a host of flowers for sale, from lilies and chrysanthemums to gladiolas and cat-tail willows and much more. From January 30 through February 3, the second floor of Pavilion A will feature a Chinese New Year Shopping Street where vendors display and sell new year-related merchandisea one-stop shop for flowers and agricultural products for everyones new year celebrations. Come and check it out!  New Year Shopping and Flower Street Premieres Grand Gate of Flower Fortune   Taiwans largest shopping street for flowers and Chinese New Years merchandise, the TFA, will for the very first time feature a Grand Gate of Flower Fortune display at the entrance. The gates pig and lion evoke a new years atmosphere and promise good fortune for anyone walking through this gate. Lots of extra visitors are expected to come and try out this auspicious golden pig gate.  TFA Offers One-Stop Shop for All New Years Purchases  The days right before the Chinese New Year holiday is the peak shopping time for flowers, fruits, and vegetables. As the largest source of flowers in northern Taiwan, the TFA serves large crowds of people buying flowers. Besides its 24/7 opening hours during the days leading up to Chinese New Year's Eve as in other years, the market will also for the first time offer agricultural products for sale as well. In this temporary, diversified bulk market, shoppers can buy fresh flowers grown in Taiwan, as well as fruit and vegetables with fourfold quality assurance (CAS, TAP, etc.) and QR codes to trace their origin and logistics histories. Decorate your home with beautiful flowers, and serve your loved ones food that is safe and tasty during the New Year holiday!
Chinese New Year gift boxes by Taipei Sheltered Workshop have been available for sale since 2018. More than 1,200 boxes have been sold. Today, the workshop received an order from the Chiayi area in the hillsides of Alishan. The disabled workers at the workshop are very excited about it. The orders coming from their generous customers thousands of miles away encouraged them to increase their annual target to 2,500 boxes.   This year, the Taipei City Government is offering a unique type of gift box created by Taipei Sheltered Workshop for Chinese New Year. The gift box contains products made by different sheltered workshops including ABRAZO, Gofe, Easy Coffee, Victory kitchen, and others. In the past, consumers have had trouble deciding which workshop they should buy from. This year, the gift box includes products made by all the workshops. Purchasing a single gift box already supports many sheltered workshops at once! Consumers no longer have to hesitate about which workshop to buy from.   For the upcoming holiday, the workshops are also offering two types of gift boxes, including a smaller gift box for Chinese New Year celebrations and a larger gift box with a good fortune blessing. The painting on the packages were also made by disabled workers. The gift boxes are completely created by disabled workers, both inside and out, making them suitable as gifts or for personal use.   Director Yeh Hsiu-shan of the Taipei City Foreign and Disabled Office (FDO) remarked that the two types of gift boxes not only offer specially selected products, but also provide the most valued goods with high CP ratio for consumers without raising concerns about its cost. For the agency, much effort is required to achieve the sales target of 2,500 boxes. Today, the orders from the Alishan hillside have greatly encouraged our disabled workers. They are surprised that what they made reaches so far away, and they contribute more to their work.   No matter whether they are for personal, office, school, or enterprise use, those interested in ordering the gift boxes can call (02-23381600, ext. 5214~5216) to contact customer service. Orders are also accepted via Google Form(https://reurl.cc/dxjyV)or through the FDO website(https://www.fd.gov.taipei) by downloading order forms from the News section.   For more news about Taipei citys sheltered workshops, please visit the website of FDO or the Taipei Sheltered Workshop Facebook fan page(https://reurl.cc/5r0LR). 
On January 18, Taipei Mayor Ko Wen-je met with a visiting delegation of Korean scholars of Confucianism. After his word of welcome to his guests from South Korea, he recalled that in 2017, a Taipei City Government delegation visited Andong in North Gyeongsang Province, a capital of spiritual culture and the center of Confucianism in Korea.  Ko thanked Director Lee Yukwon of the Korean Confucius Institute for bringing foreign delegations to attend Confucian rites at Taipeis Confucius Temple over the past ten years, and for the deep ties of friendship with Taipei that have developed. Director Lee gifted the mayor with a copy of theDosan Seowon Confucian Academy Literary Papers, which the mayor reciprocated with an artistic lamp inspired by the Book of Studying and Practicing, Analects of Confucius. Ko noted that theSungkyunkwanConfucius Society enjoys a prominent position in South Korea, and its delegation to Taiwan is headed by Director Ye Jeong-su from headquarters. The only Confucian group in Korea, theSungkyunkwanConfucius Society represents at least 10 million Korean Confucian scholars. The existence of the Confucian Cultural Center and the Confucius Research Institute is a testament to South Koreas continued respect for Confucianism. TheDosan Seowon Confucian Academy Literary Papersbrought by the delegation dates from after the founding of the Republic of China, and contains correspondence between the prominent Confucian Scholar Yi Teogye and Confucius descendants, the oldest document being a letter from 1920. The collection also contains correspondences with Chinese scholar and reformer Kang Youwei, Duke Yi Jong-ho, and Duke Heng Sheng (67th-generation descendant of Confucius Kong Ling-yi, father of Kong Decheng). These letters are of great historical significance, the mayor said, adding that he greatly admires Koreans respect for and preservation of their heritage, setting an example worth emulating. Towards the end of the meeting, Ko expressed his hope that continued exchanges between Taiwan and South Korea in the realm of Confucian culture would contribute to a deeper exchange between the two countries, and wished the delegation an enjoyable and fruitful visit to Taiwan. 
During the upcoming nine-day Chinese New Year holiday from Saturday February 2 through Sunday February 10, the MRT will provide additional services to satisfy the transportation needs of passengers. The adjusted business hours of the MRT, Taipei Children's Amusement Park, Maokong Gondola, Taipei Arena Ice Land, MRT Beitou Resort and Evacuation Experience Center, and the MRT Lost & Found Service are as follows:   MRT system: 	 Tamsui-Xinyi Line (R), Songshan-Xindian Line (G), Zhonghe-Xinlu Line (O), Bannan Line (BL): The average interval between trains will be 5-10 minutes during the day, and 12-15 minutes at night. More trains will be added if needed. On the branch lines, the intervals will be about 10-20 minutes. MRT services during the CNY holiday will be announced on TRTCs website. Wenhu Line (Brown): The average interval between trains will be 4-7 minutes during the day, and 12-15 minutes at night. More trains will be added if needed. Bicycle transportation on the MRT system will be restricted. Bicycles will not be allowed to enter or exit the following MRT stations: Tamsui, Taipei Main Station, Zhongxiao Xinsheng, Zhongshan, Daan, Zhongxiao Fuxing, Nanjing Fuxing, and all of the stations along the Wenhu Line (BR). At all other stations, bicycles may be carried as usual.       Taipei Children's Amusement Park   February 4 (Chinese New Year's Eve): Closed. February 2-3, 5-9: Open from 9:00 am to 8:00 pm. February 10: Open from 9:00 am to 6:00 pm.     Maokong Gondola panoramic cable car   February 4 (Chinese New Year's Eve): Closed. February 2, 5-9: Open from 8:30 am to 10:00 pm. February 3, 10: Open from 8:30 am to 9:00 pm.     Taipei Arena  Main Hall   February 4 (Chinese New Year's Eve): Open from 9:00 am to 6:00 pm. February 2, 8, 9: Open from 9:00 am until end of events. February 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 10: Open from 9:00 am to 10:00 pm.   Ice Land skating rink  February 4 (Chinese New Year's Eve): Closed. February 3, 5-10: Open from 9:00 am to 9:00 pm.     MRT Beitou Resort and Evacuation Experience Center   February 4-7: Closed. Rest of the holidays: Regular hours.     MRT Lost & Found Center:   February 4-7: Closed. Rest of the holidays: Regular hours (Tuesday-Saturday 12 am to 8 pm).    For more information, please contact TRTCs 24hr customer service hotline: (02) 218-12345, the Citizen Hotline: 1999 (02-2720-8889 when calling from outside Taipei), or visit the Taipei Metro website https://www.metro.taipei/. 
On January 21, Taipei Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a year-end dinner for senior citizens hosted by service organization Rotary International where he thanked its District 3523 for its long-standing support to the elderly residents of Taipei. He stressed that the success of the Long-Term Care 2.0 plan hinges on close collaboration between the government and civil society.  Ko noted that residents 65 years and older already make up 17% of the citys population, and this number is expected to reach 20% within three years time. In fact, Taiwan as a whole is by now a super-aging society with sub-replacement fertility, which poses enormous challenges. To take care of the growing elderly population, many Long-Term Care 2.0 initiatives are underway, but in the mayors view, effective implementation of these policies requires collaboration between the government and civil society, because the government simply cannot cover everything. Ko has said that Long-Term Care 2.0 requires a comprehensive program, especially for home-based healthcare as many elderly citizens cannot go out to see a doctor.  During his dinner with the senior citizens, the mayor also belted out a passionate rendition of Worlds No. 1, the theme song of the eponymous TV show that visits Taiwanese working and living around the world. Ko toasted the happiness and health of the silver-haired dinner guests during the new year ahead.  Ko expressed his gratitude and appreciation to Rotary International District 3523 for its long-term commitment in caring for disadvantaged and elderly people living in Taipei. He added that, as Long-Term Care 2.0 takes shape, the city of Taipei will need Rotarys assistance to build an elderly-friendly infrastructure, and expressed his hope and trust that the goodwill Rotary showed today will continue into the future.
The Taipei MRT continues to further improve its award-wining service quality. As of today, the public transport company is adding armrests to the priority seats in pilot carriages on selected lines to see how people like them.  In response to feedback and for the convenience of elderly, injured, and pregnant passengers, the Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) has evaluated existing priority seating and decided to add armrests to priority seats next to doors 2 and 3 of carriages 3 and 4 of trains running along the Tamsui-Xinyi Line, the Bannan Line, Zonghe-Xinlu Line, and the Songshan-Xindian Line. The pilot project will run for six months, after which its feasibility will be evaluated.  The electric-powered Matra model trains operating on the Wenhu Line will not be included in the pilot project. Designed and built by Bombardier, these carriages have always had priority seats with armrests as one of their unique features, as well as driving control platforms next to the priority seats which passengers can use for support.  For more information, please contact TRTCs 24hr customer service hotline: (02) 218-12345, the Citizen Hotline: 1999 (02-2720-8889 when calling from outside Taipei), or visit the TRTC websitehttps://www.metro.taipei/.
Since August 2018, Disney's superstar Mickey Mouse has popped up on painted MRT train carriages and in the flesh at his Mickey Mouse Birthday Party on Shin Kong Mitsukoshi Xinyi plaza in the Xinyi district as part of his Mickey Has Fun around Taipei Tour. The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) is inviting superstars to join Taiwans young and young at heart to join the 2019 Taipei Lantern Festival celebrations and see Mickey walk around on the square -- and in classic cartoons on super-size silver screens!  The year 2018 marked Mickey's 90th anniversary, and TPEDOIT and Walt Disney (Taiwan) Ltd. staged a number of commemorative events that proved highly popular with Taiwanese day tourists and international travelers alike. To give Mickey fans another chance to meet Mickey for real, the famous mascot will visit Taipei again during the upcoming Taipei Lantern Festival and a large Mickey-themed lantern of 6 meters accompanying a screening of classic Mickey animations and surprise performances in the streets of Ximending that will light up many happy faces!  TPEDOIT Commissioner Liu Yi-Ting said that the Taipei Lantern Festival has become a staple event that Taiwanese people have come to expect after Chinese New Year. In line with the citys goal of international integration, its collaboration with the Disney brand aims to attract more people to Taipei and help improve the citys international visibility. Liu also pointed out that this year's lantern festival once again challenges peoples assumptions of the occasion as being traditional and slightly dull affairs. With the help of many artists, the festival will showcase creative lanterns that have been inspired by tradition it will do so using a variety of elements, including music and technology, and fuse tradition with innovation. Over the years, the Taipei Lantern Festival has become an international large-scale carnival celebrated and enjoyed by people of all ages hailing from the island and foreign shores alike.  The 2019 Taipei Lantern Festival, to be held from Saturday 16 February through Sunday 24 February, will be larger than the previous two years events. The venue will stretch from the plaza in front of the Ximen Red House along Section 1 of Zhonghua Road, Zhongxiao West Road, and all the way to North Gate and Taipei Travel Plaza beside the Taipei Main Station. Local residents and foreign friends are all invited to come join in the fun of this happy event!
  Grass Mountain oranges take their name from the old moniker of Yangmingshan. Theyre also known as tankan oranges, literally barrel oranges, from the way they used to be transported from the mountains to the city. Thanks to the farmers careful cultivation and storage, they grow an intense orange color and a unique sour-sweet taste. To draw more attention to this special piece of Beitou heritage, the Taipei City Governments Department of Economic Development (DED) and the Beitou Farmers Association will hold the Beitou Tankan Orange Festival Mountain Hike on Saturday February 16. Come discover the terrific taste of tankan!   Tankan oranges are mainly grown on sunny and leeward mountain slopes in the Datun area of the Beitou District. This terroir is conducive to the flavor and texture of these sought-after oranges, which in recent years and with expert guidance have been cultivated toward higher levels of quality and food safety under a friendly agriculture model. Consumers love these pretty and juicy oranges, carefully cultivated by local farmers. Around Chinese New Year, they are at their best. Some of the tankan orange orchards in Beitou, Yangmingshan are open for sightseeing and fruit picking by telephone appointment. The entrance fee is NT$ 100 per person. Visitors can taste the juicy tankan oranges right in the middle of the orchard. Extra oranges to take home are charged by the going market prices for the various quality grades. The farmers welcome the public to their orchards in February. The meeting point for the Beitou Tankan Orange Festival Mountain Hike will be at the MRT Xinbeitou Station. Please use public transport on that day (and whenever you can). The 3 kilometer (2 mile) hiking route will avoid busy roads and intersections, and will take you through beautiful tankan orchards so you can enjoy their rural tranquility and simplicity. As this time of year also happens to be the cherry blossom season, this hike is a wonderful opportunity to move your body, enjoy the scenery, and taste some of the finest citrus fruit in the world. As the route is not too long, it makes for a great family outing for young and old.   On the day of the hike, a Tankan Vinegar-making Workshop and a Tankan Daifuku Mochi Workshop will also be held, for which pre-registered hikers will receive vouchers. In these workshops, people can learn how to make and bring home tankan-based vinegar and tankan-themed daifuku mochi. Participants in the hike will also receive vouchers for glutinous oil rice and starch-coated porkchop soup, two traditional dishes to warm up with after the hike in what will likely be chilly winter weather. Local farmers will have roadside stalls selling tankan oranges and other tankan-based products. Hikers are up for a good time in the outdoors and are bound to come home with some tasty Beitou goodies. The Beitou Tankan Orange Festival Mountain Hike is open for registration now. The registration fee is NT$ 300 per person and includes a tankan-themed knapsack. Slots are limited, so sign up now if you dont want to miss out!   For more information about the DED, please visit https://www.doed.gov.taipei/ or the DED fan page on Facebook (search for-).
  Many people have memories of doodling in their textbooks, and these dots and lines may, like cartoon characters, take us to a world of wonder. The Taipei City Youth Development Office (TCYD) promotes youth arts and culture education, encourages young people to pursue and develop their interests, and creates opportunities for dialogue between youth and artists through specialized exhibitions and expert demonstrations to stimulate arts appreciation and creativity. From 9:00 to 17:00 between January 21 and March 3, 2019, TCYD will hold an exhibition titled Textbook Doodles: The Stop-Motion Animation of Zhang Shuman. Zhang, a.k.a. Monster Chang, has long been involved with youth education, and believes that cartoons are a great way for young people to tell their stories.   Zhang serves as editor of the Kids as Directors program at the Taiwan International Childrens Film Festival, director at Anima Animation Studio, and member of the international children's Animation Workshop Group (AWG) of the Association Internationale du Film dAnimation (ASIFA). At home, she is a caring mother at work, she becomes an animator and a teacher for children animation. In all these roles, children are her leitmotif. Zhang is good at expressing life experiences in cartoons through characters and scenes that tell stories. From concept to creation, cartoons require patience and observation, which Zhang applies to collage animations, sand animations, food animations, and grid animations, which require 15 frames to create one second of animation. Patience indeed! Visitors will have the opportunity to experience this and more at the exhibition.   This exhibition features a visual play area, where visitors can browse through notebooks and swing rotating animation boxes, as well as an animation demonstration area with Japanese anime and American animation. Visitors will also be able to observe the production process of three-dimensional animated characters, as well as semi-finished characters. There will also be movie screenings and animation DIY workshops. In addition, four workshops will be given during the exhibition for young people to develop their imagination and tell their stories by shooting their own stop-motion animation shorts.   The exhibition will run from Monday January 21 through Sunday March 3, 2019 at the Youth Art and Culture Salon (5F, No. 17, Sec. 1, Renai Road, Taipei City). For further detail, please visit the TCYD website at http://www.tcyd.gov.taipei/. The exhibition is open daily from 9:00 to 17:00 and admission is free of charge. (Note: Venue closed during CNY holiday from Feb. 3 through 8)
  With a view to expected demand for bus services during the upcoming Spring Festival holiday and also to operational efficiency, Taipei Joint Bus System routes will be adjusted February 4-9, 2019 (Monday-Saturday). During those six holidays, the following adjustments will apply:   Weekday fixed-time bus services will be suspended on New Years Eve (February 4) and New Years Day (February 5). On the remaining days of Chinese New Year (February 6-9), at least half of the usual services will be provided, with no intervals stretching longer than twice the original interval.   Similarly, MRT shuttle bus services will also be halved on New Year's Eve (February 4) and New Years Day (February 5). At least half of the usual services will be provided, with no intervals stretching longer than twice the original interval.   The rest of the MRT shuttle bus services will operate according to the usual weekend schedule, with the exception that, for some shuttle services, the first and last departures will be adjusted based on demand.   All Taipei Joint Bus System services and MRT shuttle bus services will return to normal on February 10.   In addition, the Public Transportation Office reminds the public that some services may be slightly adjusted based on passenger volume to and from major transfer hubs, airports, monuments, temples, and scenic recreation areas.   For further details on service adjustments around Chinese New Year, please visit the websites of the Taipei Joint Bus System companies or call the 1999 Citizen Hotline (02-2720 8889 when calling from outside Taipei). You may also consult the Taipei eBus website (https://ebus.gov.taipei), its dynamic version Taipei eBus 5284 (http://5284.taipei.gov.tw), its mobile version Taipei eBus PDA (http://pda.5284.com.tw), or use the voice-operated service line (0800-005284) to find out the estimated arrival time of your bus.
  At the morning session of the 2019 International Forum for the Development of Trends on Metropolitan Travel and Accommodation on January 17, Taipei Mayor Ko Wen-je pointed out that the occupancy rates of Taipei city tourist hotels are around 70%, and around 60% for general hotels. But in recent years, the internet has given rise to the worldwide sharing economy, including online reservation platforms such as Airbnb. Ever the straight talker, he added that if the hotel occupancy rate stood at 90% today, todays forum would probably not be held at all.   Ko noted that Taipei has 634 hotels offering a total of 41,463 rooms, which is roughly a 50% increase over the past seven years. The additional capacity was built on overly optimistic assumptions regarding local tourism volume -- so everyone built hotels like crazy. Unfortunately, tourism growth fell behind expectations from 2015 onward. The number of tourists from China dropped, but more travelers from Southeast Asia, Japan, and South Korea found their way to Taiwan. The overall figure hasnt dropped, but has reached a plateau.   The mayor further noted that daily rental suites currently offered in Taiwan are not quite like Airbnb. On Airbnb, people lease out their spare rooms, while daily rental suites can comprise an entire building. As every traveler knows, occupancy rates in Taipeis legal hotel industry remain around 70%, with some even as low as 60%. With new competition from daily rental suites, the situation may be quite problematic.   Ko remarked that there are about 300 historical buildings, monuments, and leisure farms around Taipei that could offer bed and breakfast services. However, currently only 1 recreational farm in Yangmingshan is a B&B license holder in Taipei. Legally operating B&Bs are few and far between, while illegal ones can be found everywhere. We must now decide how to manage this.   Ko emphasized that for the government, safety and fairness are paramount. Daily rental suites must be safe, and they must compete with existing tourist hotels on even ground. They can be legalized under the principle of safety and fairness. As with everything, recognizing a problem is the first the step to solving it. This also holds true for the issue of daily rental suites.   The mayor opined that today's symposium should discuss the current situation in Taipei, the activities that are taking place both above and under the table, see whether lessons can be learned or approaches borrowed from the United States and Japan, and discuss how legalization might proceed under the principles of safety and fairness.   Ko admitted that he hates it when the law isnt followed, or when the law cannot be implemented in a realistic way. He said that the city government once discussed the issue of daily rental suites at the time, he thought that since daily rental suites were operated through the Internet, it would be easy to expose them. But the National Communications Commission passed the buck to the Criminal Investigation Bureau, which didnt know who to pass the buck to next. In the end, no one stepped up to the plate.   Ko said that in theory, daily rental suites can be managed and controlled through the Internet, and the issue would be easy to solve. Many people now say that there is no legal basis for action, and no one wants to take action. Its not a question of whether or not a solution can be found: rather, its just that no one wants to stick their neck out. So, in this symposium, all problems are to be put on the table to look into approaches to solving them. Next, regulations can be set for everyone to follow to solve the issue under the principles of safety and fairness.
  In January, Taipeis most famous traditional residence, the Lin An Tai Historical House, will open an exhibition titled The Beauty of Traditional Painting, featuring auspicious symbols such as dragons, phoenixes, lions, and kirins (unicorns). From January 19 on, the museum will give away 3,000 limited-edition red-and-gold spring couplets bearing a wish for peace in characters that draw on the houses name. They are free to visitors, and the museum wishes everyone a peaceful and happy new year.   According to the Taipei City Governments Department of Civil Affairs (DCA), the Lin An Tai Historical House and Museum is Taipeis only Qing Dynasty-era (1644-1911) Fujian-style residential building open to the public at no charge. Its traditional spaces and ambiance are used regularly for events that bring Taiwans olden days back to life. This year, in keeping with the guidance of the 24 solar terms of the traditional calendar, the event Peace and Health Come with Luck was held and 3,000 red-and-gold spring couplets carrying designs inspired by the window grilles of the Lin An Tai Historical House were printed before the Greater Cold solar term. These delicate couplets symbolize the departure of winter and the arrival of spring, a great time of year to visit the museum.   In addition, the Lin An Tai Historical House and Museum will hold an exhibition titled The Beauty of Traditional Painting beginning in January. Most works on display are from the well-known architectural painter Hsu Lien-cheng. The most stunning piece among them is a painting of the Tzuyun Temple door gods. The color palette is simple, but their ferocious faces, attire, and armor are painted in great detail. This is one of this temples finest paintings.   The exhibition also features many paintings by Hsu Chin-lung, a grandson of Master Hsu. These works, spanning roof top ridges, roof tiles, wall-mounted reliefs to decorated walls, were made especially for this exhibition and took several months to complete. To demonstrate the intricacies of various traditional painting techniques, Master Hsu has produced two paintings of dragons and two of phoenixes to allow people to observe the differences up close and discover the beauty of Taiwanese traditional painting, the theme of the exhibition. The DCA is especially grateful to the Hsu family and Lin An Tai Historical House and Museum volunteer guide Mr. Lai Chun-nan. Besides the wonderful pieces on display, the exhibition also features tools, materials, and painting demonstrations. As traditional art revolves around auspicious symbols, it is very suitable to bring out these works around the time of the Spring Festival for everyone to enjoy. The exhibition will run until March 17.   Especially, but not only, for foreign visitors, the Lin An Tai Historical House and Museum has since 2018 offered the Peace to Your Home postcard service, whereby visitors can do a treasure hunt style tour around the mansion and museum to collect a set of four full-color postcards. This is a fun way to explore the grounds and the buildings and appreciate their beauty. After writing a wish or a memory on them, visitors can mail their postcards to themselves or their loved ones by dropping them in the mailbox at the exit. Lin An Tai Historical House will make sure the postcards are mailed! From its very beginning, this service has been hugely popular with domestic and foreign tourists alike. Spring couplets, a nostalgic exhibition, a postcard treasure hunt/mailing service, and a garden with pavilion and pond await visitors at the Lin An Tai House and Museum.
  The 2019 Taipei Electric Appliance Fair, Taiwans largest home appliance event that is customarily held near the end of the lunar year, will take place January 17-21 in the Taipei World Trade Center. Hosted by the Taiwan Electrical Appliance Association and the Taipei Electrical and Commercial Association (TECA), this years fair brings together more than 100 exhibitors with a total of 350 booths. The event marks a good opportunity for people to discard the old and embrace the new, as is the custom before the Chinese New Year.   At the media event to open the fair, Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh of Taipei City Governments Department of Economic Development (DED) noted that the electrical appliance industry is very important, and electrical products are constantly being upgraded and innovated. The home appliance industry is going through a process of transformation and upgrade," driving such trends as smart control"" as well as ""energy conservation and environmental protection. To turn Taipei into the leader of sustainable and energy-efficient cities", Taipei City Government organized the Taipei Energy Conservation Festival 2018, whereby physical channels, e-commerce, and electrical appliance stores jointly spread energy-saving know-how and promoted the purchase of new energy-efficient products to replace wasteful ones. The total power savings achieved by last years festival was 130 GWh, enough to light up the Taipei 101 building for 562 days. These savings meant a carbon emission reduction of 70,000 tons, demonstrating the effectiveness of energy-saving appliances when it comes to low-carbon lifestyles.   TECA is offering a free tour around this year's electrical exhibition. The tour is open to any interested parties. Consumers that make an online appointment with an exhibitor at the fair may collect a NT$ 1000 voucher at the central gift and service counter. Certain booths offer special price reductions for on-the-spot purchases, and visitors may also join a lottery with prizes worth NT$ 300,000. Anyone who spends NT$ 10,000 at the fair can join a lucky draw for a red envelope with NT$ 10,000 in cash. More information about the fair can be found at https://audio-fair.top-link.com.tw or through an online search for Taipei Electric Appliance Fair.
  In order to enhance the opportunities for cooperation between the Special Economic Zone of Okinawa, Japan and Taiwan's IT industry, the IT Innovation and Strategy Center Okinawa (ISCO) and the Taipei Computer Association (TCA) signed a Memorandum of Understanding Regarding Industrial Strategic Cooperation on January 16, 2019. On the same occasion, ISCO also signed an MOU in cooperation with GO SMART, the global smart cities alliance initiated by Taipei.  The Invest Taipei Office to provide trade advisory services    In September 2016, the Taipei City Government's Department of Economic Development (DED) set up the Invest Taipei Office (ITO) in response to worldwide competition among cities to attract investment and the local need to draw more domestic and foreign companies to set up shop in Taipei. ITO officially opened its doors in the first quarter of 2017. To facilitate investment, ITOs dedicated staff integrates information and processes across city government departments, and serves as a one-stop window for potential investors that seek information or assistance with market surveys, business registration, zoning and construction, fire safety, and legal advice. ITO helps to quickly sort out issues and obstacles that may pop up during the investment process. From its establishment through to December 2018, the ITO has handled 217 investment consulting cases. 186 industrial investment cases took up the lions share (85.7%), followed by 13 technical cooperation cases (6.0%), 10 talent exchange cases (4.6%) and 8 other cases (3.7%). 33 cases reached the investment stage with a total of USD 337 million.   Lin Chung-chieh, Commissioner of Taipeis Department of Economic Development, noted that Okinawa is Japan's closest city to Taiwan. He invited Japanese companies to find and work with Taiwanese counterparts using the new GO SMART platform. Government agencies and industrial start-ups are also welcome to avail themselves of ITOs investment consulting services to forge links with other cities and countries while saving costs and time.  Helping start-ups leverage the Okinawa platform to develop overseas markets    Under the freshly signed MOU framework, TCA will bring a delegation of four Taiwanese start-up companies (Astra, USPACE, XMind, and MIND & IDEA FLY, the latter two spawned from National Chiao Tung Universitys IAPS incubator) to participate in the Okinawa Start-Up Conference on January 25, while in May ISCO will head a delegation of Japanese start-ups to visit COMPUTEX and its featured startup exhibition Innovex. These exchanges are expected to take collaboration between Taiwanese and Japanese companies to the next level.  Smart Cities Gain Prominence in National Policies: Microbusiness and Startup Entrepreneurs are the Main Source of Urban Creative Technology Applications    Taipei City has made great strides as a smart city, and its collaboration with cities around the globe is booming. In 2018, Taipei launched GO SMART (Global Organization of Smart Cities), a platform to connect local governments, industry, universities, and NGOs around the world to share experiences, best practices, and promote Inter-City PoCs (Proof-of-Concept). This effort is intended to helping them jointly develop solutions for the urban challenges of transportation, education, and healthcare, and to indirectly increase entrepreneurial opportunities for young people. The MOU facilitates increased collaboration between smart cities and industries in Okinawa and Taiwan.   Companies considering investing in Taipei are welcome to check out: www.startup.taipei, the Invest Taipei Offices website, or call their investment officers at +886-2-2757-4518, 2757-4519.
  On January 15, Lu Hsin-ke was sworn in as Commissioner of Taipei City Governments Department of Information Technology (DOIT).   After two decades of service in academia and public-sector consulting, Lu joined the municipal government to dedicate himself to its vision of building a livable and sustainable city. He noted that the vision of Taipei as a smart city is a key policy objective for the mayor," and vowed that during his tenure he will build on existing foundations to implement a ""government enterprise architecture"" framework that will facilitate Taipeis governance and transformation into a smart city", pushing it towards the milestone of Smart Taipei, One City.   Commissioner Lus many years of academic research and practical experience in governmental technology and digital governance will stand Taipei in good stead in its continued transformation into a smart city. He observed that a smart city works outside-in and is citizen-oriented. In the future, governmental technology will be given greater impetus through inside-out resource integration, and further enabling the ultimate goal of digital governance: a sharing city. Information and communication technology will drive the ongoing transformation of the city governments systems and culture. In line with the worldwide trend of digital governance as a development blueprint, the city government will hire specialized talents to build a new digital governance model for Taipei through more systematic processes, integrated planning, and modular construction.   In terms of governmental technology, the mayor has already proposed key indicators such as simpler and less paper-based processes, as well as highlighting the importance of ICT system integration and data sharing across the city government system. DOIT will assist in this effort by establishing a unified framework and streamlining processes. Modularization of systems and data templates will be key elements in resolving structural issues on the way to implementing a government enterprise architecture.   In Lus view, current smart cities still focus mainly on keeping everyday life functioning as well as citizen services. In the future, though, sustainable development, disaster prevention, disaster relief, and post-disaster reconstruction will require greater attention in order to enable cities to grow further amidst the increasingly volatile environment and risks of disaster. To be truly smart, cities need to be resilient too.   Commissioner Lu noted that Taipeis impressive smart city achievements have enjoyed wide acclaim in the international community. The Smart City Summit & Expo (SCSE) held annually in Taipei has become an international benchmark exhibition and is expected to become the worlds largest smart city gathering in 2019, surpassing the Smart City Expo World Congress in Barcelona. The new DOIT commissioner is confident that the SCSE in March and GO SMART, the Global Alliance of Smart Cities that Taipei advocates, will drive Taipeis brand as a smart city. The Smart Taipei, One City concept will strengthen the participation of citizens, industry, university, and institutes, making Taipei an international model city for digital governance. 
  On January 15, Taipei City Mayor Ko Wen-je granted first prize in the 2019 Taipei-Atlanta Sister City 40th Anniversary Logo Design Award to the winner, Ms. Hsu Hui-ching at the City Executive Meeting.   The logo designed by Ms. Hsu is titled Renewal of Friendship between Taipei and Atlanta. The design depicts Taipei landmarks in silhouette and pairs them with the Atlanta skyline to form the number 40. The design uses space and layers to reveal the message of a 40th anniversary not limited by space and time, and also that the friendships of both cities are forever as new. The design was highly regarded by the adjudicators.   This year (2019) is the 40th anniversary of the sister city bond formed between Taipei City and Atlanta, a city in Georgia in the United States. The two cities became sister cities on November 5, 1979.   The Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Atlanta plans to organize a series of celebrations this year together with the Taiwanese office. The logo design campaign is one of these events.   To celebrate the 40 years of friendship between the two cities, the Taipei City Government will send Taipei Symphony Orchestra to Atlanta for a performance tour in November. The city government wishes to communicate with the citizens of Atlanta, and to let them know more about Taipei through music. 
  To speed up the replacement of two-stroke engine motorcycles and encourage the use of eco-friendly electric motorcycles with low emission, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) has announced a new scheme, the 2019 Suspension of two-stroke engine motorcycle grant and new/replace electric motorcycle purchase grant, on December 27. The scheme focuses on the offer of an extended grant of NT$4,000 for each newly purchased electric motorcycle. The amount granted is now the same as in Kaohsiung and Taichung. A newly added special scheme that provides subsidies for the replacement of two-stroke motorcycles also offers an NT$1,500 public transport credit grant. Another scheme for individuals from low to middle income households is also introduced, offering a grant of NT$10,000 for the purchase of a new electric motorcycle.   The DEP holds that because the Taipei City has no heavy industries, the income from air pollution tax is lower than in other cities. This means that lower subsidies can only be offered for the purchase or replacement of electric motorcycles. This year, the central government revised air pollution control regulations. As a result, the DEP has demanded that a portion of the funds received from mobile air pollution control fees should be handed to the municipality rather than all being taken by the central government. Article 17 of the Air Pollution Control Act passed on August 1st, 2018 states that at least 20% of the mobile pollution source fees received by the central government should be transferred to a fund for the mobile pollution source, or the county where the fuel oil is being sold. This means the DEP must increase public subsidies for the purchase of new electric motorcycles in 2019 from NT$1,500 to NT$4,000. An extra grant of NT$500 must also be given as public transport credit.   It is expected that in 2019, the maximum subsidy for the purchase of a new electric motorcycle in Taipei will be up to NT$17,000 (including subsidies from the Environmental Protection Administration and Ministry of Economic Affairs). The low to middle income population can receive a maximum of up to NT$27,000. If a two-stroke engine motorcycle is replaced by a new motorcycle, general buyers can expect a grant of up to $20,300, while those from low to middle income households can receive up to NT$30,300.   Two options have been provided for taking a two stroke motorcycle out of use in 2019. The first is directly subsidized by the Environmental Protection Administration (EPA) through a cash payment of NT$500 per motorcycle. The second is a newly promoted scheme, a Public transport credit grant of NT$1,000 provided by the Directorate General of Highways and the EPA. To encourage the use of public transport, the DEP has added an extra NT$500 to the scheme. This means that the owner of a two-stroke motorcycle which is taken out of use can receive a grant of NT$1,500 by choosing the public transport credit scheme. Registration for this scheme requires the use of an EasyCard, iPass, icash card or happy cash card. The credit can be used for mass transit options including the MRT, city bus, intercity bus, Taiwan Railways Administration, Taiwan High Speed Rail, or taxis. The scheme does not include public bicycles or car park parking fees.   The DEP emphasized that the Environmental Protection Administration of Executive Yuan has decided to bring the suspension of two-stroke engine motorcycle grant and new/replace electric motorcycle subsidizing scheme to an end in 2020. The public should apply in good time before the deadline. Application forms may be obtained through the website of the DEP form download section (http://www.dep.gov.taipei/). Applicants may also make inquiries on regular inspection with the DEP for related grant information. The department may organize lucky draw events from time to time. To join, simply scan the QR code provided.
  Dear Citizens, have you had your inspection yet? According to the 2017 Taipei City survey of the ten leading causes of death, malignant tumor (cancer) ranks top for 46 consecutive years. In 2018, a total of 5,062 deaths were caused by cancer, which took up 28.7% of the annual total deaths.   In order to identify cancer or other chronic diseases with no apparent symptoms as soon as possible, the Department of Health (DOH) and affiliated health service centers in 12 districts is joining hands with contracted medical clinics in Taipei City to offer a total of 116 health screening sessions for free in communities including schools, district (village) activity centers, or medical clinics starting from January 12, 2019.   The health inspection includes adult health and prevention services, as well as four major cancer screenings (cervical cancer, colo-rectal cancer, oral cancer, and breast cancer). Individuals that meets the stated criteria (once per 3 years for persons 40-64 years of age, once per year for persons 65 years of age or above) for screening (includes cervical cancer, colo-rectal cancer, oral cancer, and breast cancer) are welcome to participate by bringing their National Health Insurance Card.   A total of 116 sessions are available on holiday and working days. Cancer screening and Adult health inspection are available.   Commissioner Huang Shier-Chieg of DOH expressed that the publics diet and living habits have been affected by western culture characterized by traits such as consuming high fat, high sugar, low fiber food with busy, long working hours and stress, while a lack of exercise and smoking or betel nut chewing habits can increase the chance of having cancer and other chronic diseases. Records show that 12,861 people took part in the 2018 united screening, with 515 cases revealing suspected abnormal growths similar to cancer. Chronic disease cases found with abnormal blood pressure had a ratio of 27.04%, while blood sugar had 19.50%, and cholesterol 46.34%. To further extend related services to the public in 2019, DOH continues the implementation of Public Disease Prevention and Health Care Service project promoted by the Health Promotion Administration of Ministry of Health and Welfare (MOHW) under the Ministry of Health. Inspection services in communities and hospitals will be increased to 55 sessions and 61 sessions respectively for a total of 116 sessions. The inspection offers the public more convenient and precise screening services that promise good health to individuals fairly.   Get inspected regularly to stay away from cancer and chronic diseases   According to the most recent cancer registration report released by MOHW in 2016, the four major cancers that occur in Taipei were reduced compared to 2015. Taipei City Hospital Zhongxiao Branch Chief Medical Officer Kuo Li-lin said chronic disease or cancer symptoms are hardly recognizable during early stages. Patients may feel healthy and ignore regular screenings. Usually, when the symptoms appear, the sickness has already proceeded to a stage that could affect treatment effectiveness. Therefore, remember the five steps that help you prevent cancer - 1) Balanced diet, 2) Regular exercise, 3) Weight control, 4) Quit smoking or drinking, 5) Regular screening. The public should be reminded that receiving regular inspections could help identify cancer or chronic diseases at an early stage.   Taipei Municipal Wanfang Hospital Preventive Medicine and Community Medicine Division assistant supervisor Yang Shu-chin said that, in order to put the three levels and five steps of prevention into action, the hospitals medical team is cooperating with DOH, neighborhoods, and schools to further support the campaign by offering health inspections, cancer screenings, and others. Taipei Municipal Wanfang Hospital joined hands with DOH in 2018 for the first time to offer a united screening campaign on site. The public may reserve a time and prepare documents for inspection with a QR code or on the website beforehand. Those registered may then visit the specific location for their screening. This diverse planning offers the public a convenient and comfortable way to participate in the united health inspection service.   DOH reminds the public that the adults eligible for health inspections and screenings for the four major cancers should take this opportunity to visit their community or nearby medical clinic to join the united inspection session. For more campaign-related details please call a medical center in one of the 12 districts of Taipei City or refer to the agencys Chinese website - Department of Health, Taipei City Government / Key Services / Cancer Prevention / https://goo.gl/LqvG4e or call 1999 Citizen Hotline ext. 1841.
  The Chinese New Year is right around the corner. To work with the needs and customs of the public, Taipei City Government printed 200,000 sets of spring couplets with the words Year of Fortune and Luck. The scrolls will be used to decorate the City Government department offices, and will also be given away to the public.   Starting from this Thursday, January 17 at 9AM, the scrolls will be distributed on the 1st floor of Taipei City Hall in the Information and Assistance Division, and will also be available at all 12 district offices starting at 10AM on the same day. The public is welcome to visit and obtain a copy while stocks last.   Also, the Secretariat offers an electronic version of the spring couplet at the same time. The public may download the electronic couplet from the SECs official website (https://sec.gov.taipei). All you have to do is to put some thought into your choice of paper, then you may printout a unique spring couplet of your own. You may also create an electronic spring couplet for your friends and family to celebrate the happiness and blessings of the Chinese New Year. 
  Fun activities in the winter holidays! The Taipei Children Amusement Park (TCAP), National Taiwan Science Education Center (NTSEC), and the Taipei Astronomical Museum (TAM) have joined hands again! Starting from January 19 (Saturday) to March 3 (Sunday), 2019, for only NT$199 you can purchase a Golden Piggy 3 Hall Tour pass from the three locations mentioned above during this limited-time offer. Tourists can visit and enjoy discount coupons on a single Maokong Gondola ride and goods at each site.   Furthermore, the Taipei Arena Ice Land also offers free single tickets for working days. Starting from January 15 (Tuesday) to February 15 (Friday), any single purchase of NT$1200 or more immediately gets you an Ice Land ticket usable on working days between March to May. Enjoy fun on the ice!   Only NT$199 to enjoy the long holiday! TCAP, NTSEC and TAM offer the pass every year, and is loved by all. This year, from January 19 (Saturday) to March 3 (Thursday), only 10,000 sets of the Golden Piggy pass are available. For not even NT$200 dollars you can enjoy a discount of up to 50%. Pass holders can visit the three sites freely on their own schedule without rushing. The will not need to worry about having to visit all three sites on the same day!   Users of the free pass can enter TCAP once and experience 5 rides on its large amusement facilities at a discount (originally NT$180). At NTSEC, pass holders can visit the 3rd to 6th-floor permanent exhibitions and the 7th floor current exhibition (requires a visit on the same day, originally NT$120). How could you miss this opportunity to learn something new?   At the Science Education Center, visit the Dome Theater or the 3D Theater (choose one of two, originally NT$100) to see the vast starry sky. The Golden Piggy pass also offers a bonus gift: Passholders can enjoy discount coupons on a single Maokong Gondola ride and goods at each site so that everyone can enjoy the fun and food on offer.   Dont miss the Taipei Arena Ice Land discount offer! Spend over NT$1200 on purchase of the entry ticket, related goods, or rental equipment to receive a free Ice Land ticket that can be used on working days.   The free ice skating ticket can be used on working days from March to May (holidays excluded). The free ice skating ticket includes two hours of ice activities, while gloves, skate boots, and protection gear are charged separately. Please note that the ticket cannot be refunded or exchanged for money or other goods. Please keep the ticket safe as expired, damaged, or lost tickets will not be reissued or refunded.   Related events or ticket details will depend on the actual announcements and directions given by the staff. Enjoy and learn ice skating in a safe and fun environment.   For more details please contact 24-hr Customer Service Hotline at (02) 218-12345, 1999 Citizen Hotline (outer cities please dial 02-27208889), or browse TRTCs Chinese website (http://www.metro.taipei/). 
  Mayor Ko Wen-je once again takes on the Taipei Grand Trails. This morning at 8:30, he started from the hill behind National Chengchi University on the Feilong Hiking Trail, and hiked through the Maokong Zhangshu Trail towards the Chih-Nan Temple. The whole trip was 5.5km and took 3.5 hours. He took photos with other citizens along the way, and they wished each other good health. Mayor Ko and the Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) invite you to hike on the Taipei Grand Trails as well. Collect photos of yourself with all 12 sign poles along the way (spelling out the complete Chinese name of Taipei Grand Trails) to receive a free sports towel! For every 100 hikers, we will give out a surprise gift!   The mayor mentioned that the Taipei Grand Trail is a major move by Taipei city regarding hiking trails. The hiking trails total 92km in length. The hiking environment and services are well prepared for your visit. The trails offer excellent scenery of the city, hot springs for leisure, and also flowers and butterflies. The route links up various constructions on the trails as well. In only three months, 500 hikers have completed the trail routes. The route should attract more tourists, which will benefit the related industries and offer more economic opportunities, resulting in a win-win situation for all involved.   According to GEO, the Taipei Grand Trail is 92km in length and reaches an altitude of 1120 meters. In order to further promote the trail routes, the mayor is being invited to challenge the trail as well. Everyone is invited to challenge it as well, and you may catch up with the mayor if you are lucky!   Section Chief Chen Yen-cheng of the GEO Industrial and Trail Section encourages the public to act now instead of thinking about it. Join a Taipei Grand Trails hiking group! Before you go, it is advised that beginners test out their skills with separate sections of the route first. Also, please evaluate your physical condition and arrange for a proper course as you see fit. Bring sufficient equipment, water, and rations with you. Join up with others for the hike and follow the Grand Trail Logo directions.   Due to the reconstruction work on the Guizikeng Hiking Trail, please visit the Taipei Grand Trail Facebook fan page or our official website (http://www.geo.gov.taipei/) for other available routes.
  The Lunar New Year is upon us, a long holiday filled with good cheer with family and friends. But beware: so much dining, drinking, and gaming on the sofa could make your new year start on a triple high Who wants to start their new year with high blood pressure, high glucose, and high cholesterol?   Before the Three Highs of hypertension, hyperglycemia, and hyperlipidemia (high blood pressure, high glucose and high cholesterol) become full-blown disease, they are called metabolic syndrome. People are considered to have metabolic syndrome if three out of the following five conditions are met: blood pressure is greater than 130/85 mmHg or is kept down by medication triglycerides (fats in the blood) exceed 150 mg/dl high-density cholesterol is less than 40 mg/dl in males and less than 50 mg/dl in females blood glucose on an empty stomach is higher than 100 mg/dl or kept down by medication waist size exceeds 90 cm for males and 80 cm for females.   The alarming issue regarding both the Three Highs and metabolic syndrome is that most patients will not have obvious symptoms until their diseases have progressed to a serious level. Many people will develop illnesses without noticing and their risks of cardiovascular, cerebrovascular, and kidney diseases are higher than in healthy people. Therefore, the Health Promotion Administration urges adults to have health check-ups, which are offered free of charge.   Yen Cheng-chung, a physician in the Division of Emergency Medicine at the Linsen Chinese Medicine and Kunming Branch of Taipei City Hospital, noted that he has met patients who came to the Health Checkup Center for a work-related check-up and noticed the information on the free metabolic syndrome test. When they took the test, they were found to have diabetes. Through medication, diet improvement, and regular exercise, their condition gradually improved. Yan said that many people without symptoms are not aware that they have metabolic syndrome or even diabetes already. They might be resistant to taking a test or, if abnormalities have been found, to taking medication. This often leads to a worsening of their diabetes and greater risks of cardiovascular diseases, including coronary artery disease, strokes, peripheral vascular disease, and kidney diseases.   Therefore, during the holiday season, in addition to regular adult health check-ups and the four-cancers screening, observing some diet and lifestyle principles will help maintain good health. First of all, lets pay attention to food. Traditional Chinese dishes such as fish and meat are often high in fat and calories, and we may consume too much of those without noticing. Besides limiting intake, food combinations also matter. Have fruit, vegetables, and soup first until you feel about one-third full, and then have your fish, meats, and starches. This will limit your caloric intake. On top of meals, there will often be cakes and snacks on the table when chatting with relatives. Bite after bite, youll gnaw away at your health. Consider replacing snacks that are high in sugar or salt content with snacks that are high in fiber and sugar-free, such as konjac chips, unseasoned nuts, or apples, guava, and the like, which are also relatively low in sugar content.   Also, try and stay close to your normal sleeping pattern. For instance, playing cards until the wee hours and sleeping in until noon is very unhealthy. Watching TV or playing games on your mobile keeps you sitting still for long periods of time, which slows down your blood circulation. So, be sure to get up and move around, either by going for a walk outside, walking up and down the stairs at home, doing some cleaning, stretching, or weightlifting with water bottlesany simple activity will do. If youre going out, you could do some hiking or biking to give your new year a vigorous and healthy start.   Also, make sure you have enough stock of any medication youre taking, as medical care is harder to come by during Chinese New Year. If necessary, get a re-supply of your subscription ahead of time. You may also want to purchase some commonly used over-the-counter medicine for digestive problems, colds, and simple injuries. This way, you may handle any minor symptoms over the CNY holiday in the comfort of your own home without needing to rush to the emergency room. This also helps prevent waste and abuse of medical resources.   The merry days of the Spring Festival are just around the corner. This is a great time to unwind and spend time with relatives. It is also a good occasion to renew your care of your body, mind, and soul. You may want to adjust your diet, quit smoking, limit your alcohol intake, do sports more frequently or more vigorously, learn about safer use of medication, take a stroll, have a heart-to-heart talk with family members, or simply read a nice bookanything that will get you into the right spirit and habit for a happy new year. As the saying goes: health is wealth!
  The New Construction Office (NCO) has widened the Chenggong Bridge, which connects Taipeis Nangang and Neihu districts. The project has been implemented to accommodate the massive traffic volumes caused by major construction projects related to the rapid development of Nangang and Neihu (such as the Nangang Bus Station, Taipei Music Center, Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center, and Dongming Public Housing).   NCO started the widening project of Chenggong Bridge on October 26, 2017. To reduce impact on traffic, the construction work to widen the main bridge section and to add pedestrian staircases inside and outside both dykes has been carried out in several stages, and the pedestrian walkway will open on January 18, 2019. As of that date, pedestrians can move conveniently between Nangnag and Neihu by way of the new walkway along the bridge.   From the same date, the walkway and bike lane on the downstream side of the bridge will be closed for traffic to remove the guardrail of the main bridge and fix the road surface.   To reduce impact on traffic, this construction work will be carried out in stages as well. In accordance with the traffic control plan of the Department of Transportation, the traffic lanes will be moved in stages. NCO will deploy roadside staff to alert motorists and pedestrians to drive slowly and walk with care to keep everyone safe! 
  Every January, crowds of people are drawn to the blooming plum blossoms, but many of the famous spots to view the plum blossoms are located in the mountains where traffic is inconvenient. The Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) would like to especially recommend the CKS Shilin Residence Park to all citizens, which isnt too far from them and is also reachable by MRT.   There are more than 100 plum blossom trees planted at the CKS Shilin Residence Park, and during every plum blossom season, the sight of them stops visitors in their tracks. The snow-white plum blossoms that bloom on the trees branches are a refreshing sight that attracts many photography enthusiasts.   Huang Li-yuan, the Director of the PSLO, said that a group of mature plum trees are planted inside the rose garden of the CKS Shilin Residence Park. These trees carry historical significance, as the plum trees represent Chiang Kai-shek and Soong Mei-ling is represented by her favorite roses. As they correspond to one another, the pairing of the roses and plum trees also symbolizes the firm love they had for each other. The plum trees that are currently blossoming make the scene even more fitting, as people can walk through the CKS Shilin Residence Park to enjoy the beautiful scenery and experience the pleasant fragrance of the plum blossoms.   He Chi-hua, Director of the Horticulture Management Division, added that the plum tree is a deciduous Rosaceae Prunus tree, which can grow a height between 4 to 10 meters. The crown of the plum tree is open, and the trunk is a brownish purple or light gray. The flowering period of the tree is winter and spring, and the plum trees flowers have five petals with a diameter of 1-3cm. The colors of the plum flowers can be white, rose red, or crimson and during the winter, the low temperature and damp conditions are even more suitable for them to bloom. Their flowers are a representation of their persevering spirit and they fill the park like winter snow, making the plum blossoms a beautiful sight worthy of your visit.   Roughly 20-30% of the plum blossom trees at the CKS Shilin Residence Park have bloomed, and this weekend is expected to be the best time to admire them. The plum blossoms have a very short flowering phase, so visitors are encouraged to plan their trips as early as possible to make the most out of their blossoming period and admire their beautiful sight.  Transportation: CKS Shilin Residence Park 1. Walk for about 7 minutes from Exit 2 of the MRT Shilin Station. 2. Search for the Taipower Taipei North Branch Station, Shilin Official Residence, Station and Xiaobei Street Station of the Taipei Joint Bus System to arrive by bus.
  The Taipei MRT is the first domestic MRT to offer people traveling in groups with a time-saving solution when entering and exiting stations. From this day forward, the Group IC (chip) ticket can be used with any group of 20 passengers or less. They can designate one person to use the IC (chip) ticket to automatically swipe to enter (exit) the station and allow multiple passengers of the same group to enter (exit) the station. The Group IC (chip) ticket will be sold at the information counters of each station for a trial period of 3 months," and evaluations will be made on the continued use or adjustments of these tickets based on passenger usage rates.   Using the Group IC (chip) ticket to ""automatically"" enter and exit MRT stations as a group not only reduces the amount of time spent by staff assisting the passengers entering and exiting the station", but also helps groups of passengers stick to their schedules and make their journeys on the MRT more convenient. The ticket is applicable to groups of 2 to 20 people. Since excessive number of passengers and large groups risk occupying the gates for a long period, the group size during the trial period will be set at less than 20 people during the trial period.   The Taipei Metro Group ticket was originally sold at MRT stations in paper form, and purchases for groups of 10 people or more enjoy a 20% discount for every persons single-journey ticket. Ticket purchases for groups of 40 people or more can enjoy a 30%-off discount. Staff members need to manually open the Group/Bicycle Ticket Gate for groups of passengers to enter and exit the MRT station.   The company would like to remind passengers that the number of passengers in the group needs to be confirmed first and that they have to enter or exit the same station. One person can enter (exit) the station per swipe and once that ticket is detected, the gates monitor will indicate the number of people for group ticket and the number of individuals that have walked through the gate. For example, the first person of a group of IC (chip) tickets for 10 people can hold the Group ticket and swipe it at the gate, and have the other passengers pass through one at a time per swipe. The person holding the Group ticket then swipes themselves through after everyone else has passed through the gate. The ticket can also be kept as a souvenir once it has been used.   In addition, money cannot be deposited into the Group IC (Chip) ticket. Once the ticket has been sold, it cannot be returned or exchanged and must be used on the day of purchase. While the card is purchased by passengers, a starting station will be set according to the passengers trip. If the exit station is different from the destination station chosen during purchase, the ticket cannot be used, even if the prices of the destinations are the same. The passengers will need to contact station staff to process their tickets.   For more information, please contact our 24hr customer service hotline at (02) 218-12345, or the 1999 Citizen Hotline (for callers from other counties and cities, please dial 02-27208889) or visit our Chinese website (http://www.metro.taipei/).
  The Taipei City Parking Management and Development Office (PMA) will continue to promote the use of smart payment and collection for city services, as well as the increased adhesion of existing users. The campaign involving 10% discount on payments for roadside parking fees in Taipei City made using smart payments has been extended to the end of June, 2019.   Due to the enthusiastic response of the public, over 1 million parking tickets have been paid using smart payment and collection from August 16 to the end of December, 2018 and the collection ratio has exceeded 10%. In addition to extending the duration of the 10% discount, some smart payment operators have put out additional offers: you can enjoy a 2% to 4% return by using apps such as JKOPay, OPay, and Pi Wallet. Payments of over NT$500 via Gama Pay are rewarded with deductible gifts and bundled consumable bank rewards. Other companies will also launch discounts, hoping to attract more people to participate in the event.   All users need to do is to download one of the apps connected with the Taipei City smart payment platform pay.taipei (there are currently 7 choices available: Pi Wallet, OPay, JKOPay, Gama Pay, FriDay Wallet, Taipei Fubon Bank, and ezPay. Three other companies, DigiPay, AutoPass, and BeePay, will be added in the future). After registering as a member and binding credit cards, bank accounts or stored value accounts, you can scan the barcode on the second segment of the parking ticket or enter the license plate number to obtain parking infraction details and then follow the instructions to easily pay roadside parking fees without any restrictions. Users are also welcome to access additional functions introduced by selected partner companies, such as push notifications aimed at reducing forgotten payments due to busy schedules.
  Taipei City Hospitals Department of Dentistry will apply Fluoride varnish free of charge for children aged 6-12 during their winter vacations. This preventive measure is being conducted under the departments policy to reduce the rate of dental cavities.   Dr. Li Ya-ling, director of the Department of Dentistry at Taipei City Hospital, pointed out that dental cavities are the most prevalent oral disease among school children. According to a survey conducted by the Health Promotion Administration of the Ministry of Health and Welfare, 31% of children ages 2-3 have decaying teeth and that the percentage goes up to 79% among the 6-year-olds. The number further increases to 95% among children with disabilities or developmental delays because they dont know how to brush their teeth properly. During summer and winter vacations, children receive more sweets than usual, which increases the likelihood of having tooth decay if not enough attention is used in protecting their oral health and the chances that they will suffer from tooth decay become much higher. . The causes of tooth decay can be categorized into four areas: teeth, bacteria, food and time. Applying fluoride is sometimes described as applying bullet-proof vest on teeth because it increases the resistance to acids, inhibiting bacterial growth and metabolism, and thereby preventing tooth decay.   Fluoride can be applied onto teeth in a variety of ways, which include: adding fluoride in drinking water, table salt, mouthwash and toothpaste, etc. Partial application of fluoride varnish to the surface of the teeth of school-aged children is currently one of the most effective methods for preventing tooth decay. Coating the teeth with fluoride every six months, using correct methods for brushing teeth, and maintaining good oral hygiene and eating habits can effectively prevent tooth decay.   In order to achieve the best outcomes in preventing tooth decay through the application of fluoride varnish, Dr. Li suggests that children brush their teeth before applying fluoride. Any cavities should be treated first before applying fluoride to effectively prevent cavities.   The free fluoride varnish application is available only to Taipei City residents, and will take place from January 21 (Mon.) to February 1 (Fri.), every Monday through Friday from 09:00-11:30 and from 13:30-16:00. Parents can take their children to the Dentistry Department of Taipei City Hospitals (Zhongxing, Yangming, Zhongxiao, Renai, Heping, and Fuyou Branches) for the free Flouride varnish application, but has to ensure that their children brush their teeth at home prior to going to the hospitals for treatment. Please bring National Health Insurance Card, household registration certificate and toothbrush with you to the hospital. No registration fee is required at the hospital for receiving treatment. All parents are advised to take this opportunity to work with the dentists of the Taipei City Hospitals in protection of the oral health of their beloved children.  Contact numbers for various Taipei City Hospital branches Dentistry Department Contact for each Taipei City Hospitals Department of Dentistry  Hospital branch name  Contact telephone  Contact person Zhongxing Branch  1999 or 2552-3234 ext. 6201-3  Miss Kuo I-ping Heping Branch  1999 or 2388-9595 ext. 2301-3  Miss Chung Ming-yu Fuyou Branch  1999 or 2391-6470 to 2201  Miss Chi Yu-ling Yangming Branch 1999 or 2835-3456, 5190, 6236  Miss Liao I-chi Zhongxiao Branch  1999 or 2786-1288 ext. 8201  Miss Hsu Yu-ting Renai Branch  1999 or 2709-3600 ext. 3258, 3262 Miss Sun Ting-hsin
  There are only about 500 shots of the Taipei City Government-funded Influenza vaccine for toddlers (aged 6 months to 3 years old) available. Eligible applicants should take this last opportunity to receive the shot while the stock still lasts.   Approximately 5000 shots of adult (0.5ml) Influenza vaccine have been distributed mainly to Taipei City Hospitals (with the exception of Songde Branch) for the convenience of the public. Other locations with available vaccines include: Taipei Chang Gung Memorial Hospital, Taiwan Adventist Hospital, Taipei Medical University Hospital, Mackay Memorial Hospital, Taipei Municipal Wanfang Hospital, Tri-Service General Hospital, Taipei Veterans General Hospital, Taipei Municipal Gan-Dau Hospital, and Xinmin Medical Center.   The Department of Health urges eligible students who have not been vaccinated to bring their National Health Insurance Card and IDs (ID card, Childrens Health Booklet, household certificate, birth certificate, or Alien Resident Certificate, etc.). Students should bring their supplement vaccination notice with them. To prevent a needless trip, please call the contracted hospital before your vaccination visit to inquire about availability and schedule.   As the flu outbreak in the country is expected to reach its peak around Chinese New Year, data from the Ministry of Health and Welfares Centers for Disease Control shows that the percentage of emergency room visits for para-influenza treatment in four weeks reached an average of 9.9% nationwide, and the average was 10.8% in Taipei City, which is close to the warning level of 11.5%. According to Taipei City's school influenza reported cases in the 52nd week (December 23 to December 29, 2018), 1,429 people were reported infected. A total of 1,489 cases were reported in the same period in the previous year. The number of influenza immunocompromised patients reported has gradually increased. The public should strengthen their immunity against the influenza virus.   Other than vaccination, individuals should be aware of hand hygiene and cover their mouth when coughing. Anyone with para-influenza symptoms should wear a mask and visit a doctor. Patients should rest at home to prevent spreading the disease.   For related information about influenza vaccination, please visit the Taipei City Government Department of Health website (Chinese) at https://health.gov.taipei/ and refer to Key Service -> Communicable Diseases Control -> Seasonal Influenza Vaccination. The public may also call the 1999 Citizens Hotline or any of the district health service centers in Taipei. 
  The Taiwan Industrial Cooperation Development Association held its founding ceremony today and elected its first standing directors, standing supervisors and chairman. Many representatives from different industries attended. Taipei mayor Ko Wen-je was invited to address the crowd with a speech.   Chen Po-hua, the new Chairman, said in his speech that the association will focus on its main purpose of developing Taiwanese industries and assisting in the countrys development. The association will act as a channel to connect industries in innovative development. By combining the efforts of all sectors including industry, government, politics, academic institutions, and communities, the association intends to offer different training to talents needed in the domestic industry, running expos at home and aboard, arranging site visits, suggesting enterprises take appropriate corporate social responsibilities, arranging charity events, etc. to encourage Taiwanese industries to cooperate with each other in development.   Mayor Ko shared his political vision and ideals in his speech. Emphasizing the importance of innovation, he pointed out a few examples, such as the removal of the Zhongxiao bridge ramp, roadside parking charges, and the Taipei Lantern Festival. Taking the One Day Cycling Challenge from Fugui Cape Lighthouse to Eluanbi Lighthouse as an example, Mayor Ko encouraged the association to gather diverse opinions from industry, government, politics, academic institutions, and communities under the lead of the new Chairman. He looks forward to see the association build up a core ethic for Taiwanese industries by becoming the most important social organization assisting national development. At the same time, Ko Wen-je wished for the successful and sustainable development of the association. By inviting more talented elites to join, the association would then be able to contribute more to Taiwan.   To assist in the innovative development of the city, Taipeis government has proactively encouraged industry, with many innovation and business creation-related policies. Taipei led the country in establishing the StartUP@Taipei office to help business starters. The agency offers many resources for business starters, including guiding enterprises in applying for different awards in Taipei that offer sponsorship and capital funding. The mayor has raised over NT$1.1 billion in funds since his initial term in office. Also, the city government proactively connects Taipei with the global market by encouraging innovative enterprises with international market potential to explore opportunities overseas and connecting them with global resources. By increasing Taipeis innovative capabilities, over 59 cases (48 companies) received sponsorship since 2016 to visit international business starter events or enter international startup and incubation accelerator programs. Successful investments raised a total of over NT$80 million of funding.   For enterprises that want to find out more, please visit the Taipei business starters website on the Department of Economic Development official website, inquire on the Taipei business starters Facebook fan page, or visit StartUP@Taipei office in person (Address: 1F., North Wing, No. 1, Shifu Road, Xinyi District, Taipei City). For inquiries please call: 02-27208889 or 1999#6498,1431
  Thanks to the efforts of the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) of the Public Works Department, the Taipei Collectible Botanical Garden  located inside Xinsheng Park  has now been transformed into a botanical center and greenhouse for environmental studies.   The study center is the only botanical garden in the country located inside a green building, and has recently obtained the diamond grade in EEWH green building labeling. The Environmental Education Facilities and Venues certification by the Department of Environmental Protection in December of last year represented a big step for the Taipei Collectible Botanical Garden, and for Taipei Citys ideals of developing into an eco-friendly city of environmental education. Numerous environmental education events for families, schools, communities, and enterprises are held at the garden. The events educate in an entertaining way. The garden is also a great gathering place for the public during holidays.   PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan said that the mission of Taipei Collectible Botanical Garden is to encourage visitors to become more familiar with plants and share happiness in an eco-friendly city. By collecting hundreds of plants all across Taiwan from the south to the north and low to high altitudes, all the plants are gathered in one of the top green buildings in the country. The office would like to remind the public of the importance of environmental protection, and urges everyone to take real action in the matter by offering them information about plants from different environments and the effectiveness of growing in a green building.   Lai Cheng-fu, PSLO Yuanshan Park Management Division chief, said that in a metropolitan area such as Taipei with very few indigenous plants, it would be great for the Taipei Collectible Botanical Garden to lead the rest of the 12 ecological parks as a pioneer to create places where all plant species can grow in the same place. Every park may take nature as its main focus to show their respect for natural forests and wildlife. We wish to build a park where the public can enjoy its environment in leisure without over-interfering with the fertility of the wildlife or by migrating foreign plants. The public, local organizations, community groups, and schools are all welcome to share their opinions of its management to improve the park in a creative and diverse way.   Ever Factors Co., Ltd. Execute Director Tseng Po-kun remarked that the diverse inhabitants of the Taipei Collectible Botanical Garden is a real model showing the bio-diversity of the Taiwan ecological system. All the planting data of the collection and renewing of greenhouse plants in the permanent exhibition have been systematically recorded for future reference and educational use. Moreover, the park plans to combine environmental education with aesthetic education, and to plan exhibits to raise public enthusiasm and improve citizen access to environmental education. The public is welcome to participate in and enjoy this piece of rare green treasure inside a metropolis.  Park information: Hours: 09:00-17:00 Tuesday to Sunday. Closed on Monday (Open on Monday if it is national or special holiday. The closure shall be postponed). Address: No. 16, Binjiang St., Zhongshan Dist., Taipei City 104 Visit the Taipei Collectible Botanical Garden Facebook fan page or search for Taipei Collectible Botanical Garden Note: For event schedules, guides, and related information, please visit the registration website or contact Ms. Hsu 0928-169102.
  To create an eco-friendly environment combined with culture, Taipei City Government has been developing the Yongchun Wetland Park since 2015. The residential area has been changed into a park zone and the first part of the project had been completed on September 28, 2017. The second part has commenced in 2018 and up until now, water from the Paoshan and Nameless creeks has been diverted into the lake landscaping of the area has also been completed as well. This is the first eco-friendly wetland park in Taipei that combines culture, environmental protection, and history with sustainable development.   The Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) announced that the eco-friendly lake area of the Yongchun wetland park has been completed. The diversion of water into the park has restored the old beauty and visions of people boating on the lake in days gone by. The water flowing into the area has also improved, softening the fertile soil which sustains a healthy growth of plants. Numerous species of plants have been introduced to fill the park with surprises.   Section Chief Hsu Jui-I of the Slope Land Building Section said that the numerous eco-friendly innovations introduced in the Yongchun Wetland Park, such as the shady tunnel of vines and organism corridor, have actually established a forest within the city. The marsh around the lake has different water levels and many different bird species are present. Egrets can be seen now in the area looking for food, and many other species are expected to move in and establish colonies.   GEO emphasizes that the Yongchun Wetland Park is built on the basis of ecological recovery. People should live as part of the environment and take all the steps needed to ensure its preservation. It is a great challenge for people to observe and understand the species without disturbing their habitat. The Yongchun Wetland Park offers Taipei citizens a well-developed natural environment that will continue to be of great educational value.
  To speed up the replacement of two-stroke engine motorcycles and encourage the use of eco-friendly electric motorcycles with low emission, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) has announced a new scheme, the 2019 Suspension of two-stroke engine motorcycle grant and new/replace electric motorcycle purchase grant, on December 27. The scheme focuses on the offer of an extended grant of NT$4,000 for each newly purchased electric motorcycle. The amount granted is now the same as in Kaohsiung and Taichung. A newly added special scheme that provides subsidies for the replacement of two-stroke motorcycles also offers an NT$1,500 public transport credit grant. Another scheme for individuals from low to middle income households is also introduced, offering a grant of NT$10,000 for the purchase of a new electric motorcycle.   The DEP holds that because the Taipei City has no heavy industries, the income from air pollution tax is lower than in other cities. This means that lower subsidies can only be offered for the purchase or replacement of electric motorcycles. This year, the central government revised air pollution control regulations. As a result, the DEP has demanded that a portion of the funds received from mobile air pollution control fees should be handed to the municipality rather than all being taken by the central government. Article 17 of the Air Pollution Control Act passed on August 1st, 2018 states that at least 20% of the mobile pollution source fees received by the central government should be transferred to a fund for the mobile pollution source, or the county where the fuel oil is being sold. This means the DEP must increase public subsidies for the purchase of new electric motorcycles in 2019 from NT$1,500 to NT$4,000. An extra grant of NT$500 must also be given as public transport credit.   It is expected that in 2019, the maximum subsidy for the purchase of a new electric motorcycle in Taipei will be up to NT$17,000 (including subsidies from the Environmental Protection Administration and Ministry of Economic Affairs). The low to middle income population can receive a maximum of up to NT$27,000. If a two-stroke engine motorcycle is replaced by a new motorcycle, general buyers can expect a grant of up to $20,300, while those from low to middle income households can receive up to NT$30,300.   Two options have been provided for taking a two stroke motorcycle out of use in 2019. The first is directly subsidized by the Environmental Protection Administration (EPA) through a cash payment of NT$500 per motorcycle. The second is a newly promoted scheme, a Public transport credit grant of NT$1,000 provided by the Directorate General of Highways and the EPA. To encourage the use of public transport, the DEP has added an extra NT$500 to the scheme. This means that the owner of a two-stroke motorcycle which is taken out of use can receive a grant of NT$1,500 by choosing the public transport credit scheme. Registration for this scheme requires the use of an EasyCard, iPass, icash card or happy cash card. The credit can be used for mass transit options including the MRT, city bus, intercity bus, Taiwan Railways Administration, Taiwan High Speed Rail, or taxis. The scheme does not include public bicycles or car park parking fees.   The DEP emphasized that the Environmental Protection Administration of Executive Yuan has decided to bring the suspension of two-stroke engine motorcycle grant and new/replace electric motorcycle subsidizing scheme to an end in 2020. The public should apply in good time before the deadline. Application forms may be obtained through the website of the DEP form download section (http://www.dep.gov.taipei/). Applicants may also make inquiries on regular inspection with the DEP for related grant information. The department may organize lucky draw events from time to time. To join, simply scan the QR code provided. 
  To herald in the New Year, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the 2019 New Years Eve Countdown Party at City Hall Plaza on December 31. He joined the crowd during the countdown event and the fireworks show.    During his address, the mayor offered his well-wishes to citizens. He noted that regardless of how many joy and hardship people experienced in 2019, everyone will join Taiwan in welcoming 2019.    He stressed that Taipei 101 is one of the destinations recommended by CNN for celebrating the arrival of the New Year. With over 100,000 people attending the event, the occasion is an important opportunity to market Taipei to the world.    According to the mayor, this years countdown party incorporated electronic music, e-sports, e-commerce, and e-channels. The annual event requires a lot of input from city staff, whether organization or innovation. He expressed his gratitude to the public servants for their efforts.   When asked by the emcee what he wanted to do for 2019, the mayor replied that he will be satisfied if he can sleep well.   Before arriving at the stage, the mayor also stopped by the emergency response center and expressed his gratitude to the staff on duty at the center, wishing them a happy new year. 
On December 25, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the award presentation ceremony spotlighting outstanding public markets and open-air marketplaces. He pointed that one of his goals for the new term is to strengthen the quality of Taipeis marketplaces and night markets.  During his address, the mayor remarked that the ceremony is the collaboration between city hall and the Central Region Office of the Ministry of Economic Affairs. The event also draws a lot of interest among traditional market managements every year. This year also saw the emergence of a 5-star marketplace. He is not surprised that the recipient of the honor is Shidong Market.  Ko said he has instructed Commissioner Lin of Economic Development Department to treat markets and night markets as first priority. While major markets are going through overhaul, its not as easy to deal with the software as dealing with the hardware aspect. He cited examples such as timely disposable of trash, separation of dry and wet areas, and digital transactions. If the city invested NT$20 billion in renovating Huannan Market and the First Fruits and Vegetables Market, it should spend a billion or so to fund the markets and night markets  especially the installation of clean restrooms.  He hopes that in the future, all of Taipeis market  Shidong Market, Ningxia Night Market, Shilin Night Market, or others  can continue to make progress and jointly boost the overall level of its facilities. He believes that even the current level of Shidong Markt and Ningxia Market is not enough. An easy-to-understand standard is to achieve an environment which Japanese tourists find suitable for a meal.  The mayor noted that the vendors of Huannan Market will be relocating back to the site in the second half of 2019. A procurement project backed by NT$30 million will handle the process. He hopes that old habits will not be resurrected after the City invested a huge sum of cash into facility update. 
The Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) published the schedule for trash collection during the upcoming 2019 Chinese New Year (CNY) period on December 26.  According to the schedule, while garbage pickup is usually not available on Sundays, the agency will make pickup service available on the day before Chinese New Years Eve (Sunday, February 3) since people are likely to bring out trash before they leave on vacation for the CNY long holiday.  For Chinese New Years Eve, the agency will offer two pickup slots  one in the afternoon and one at night. Garbage collection service will be suspended between the first day and the third day of CNY. Regular trash, kitchen waste, and recycled material collection will resume on the fourth day of CNY. Oversized waste pickup will resume on the fifth day of CNY. Trash collection is not available on the sixth day of CNY, which is a Sunday.  To welcome 2019, DEP has designated December 28, 2018 through January 27, 2019 as the End-of-the-year Cleanup Month. The agency calls upon the public to clean up their homes and surroundings. To help residents with the disposal of old furniture, appliances, and oversized waste, they are welcome to call DEP to schedule free pickup visits ahead of time.  For waste comprising complex parts such as motorcycle helmets, umbrellas, trophies, and suitcases (2 pieces max.), DEP offers residents free disposal without the need of designated trash bags. These items, as well as mops, flag poles, cloth-hanger poles, and brooms, can be handed directly to trash collection personnel when the garbage truck make their rounds. For those throwing away 3 suitcases or more, please contact the cleaning teams directly to schedule pickup time.  In addition, DEP offers trash collection stations at 35 locations across the city. For those who need to dispose of trash during the CNY holiday but cannot meet the designated time can visit any one of the stations between 6 AM and 11 PM. For more information, please visit the Chinese website of the agency (http://www.dep.gov.taipei)
Reelected to a new term in office, Mayor Ko Wen-je and cabinet members took part in the inauguration ceremony at city hall in the morning of December 25.  The mayors inauguration address was relatively short: Dear co-workers: Lets get back to work. Thats it.  The entire ceremony lasted no longer than half-an-hour. After the ceremony, he presided over the sworn-in procedures for the deputy mayors and city agency commissioners. All the members of cabinet joined in for a group photo at west entrance of city hall.  The mayoral inauguration ceremony was presided over by Vice Premier Shih Jun-ji. During his speech, Shih congratulated the mayor on his re-election and wish the best for the citizens of Taipei.  In reply to media questions on whether he is satisfied with the members of his cabinet and on the remaining vacancy among deputy mayors, Ko pointed out that the main point is not about his personal satisfaction, but whether citizens will be satisfied by the future performance of the candidate. However, he believes that all the officers are people with experience, so they should work well if they follow the principles of doing the right thing, avoid doing the wrong thing, and give it their best. As for vacancies, he pointed out that it will remain open in the meantime if the appropriate candidates cannot be found.
Mayor Ko Wen-je announced the new heads of Taipei City Government agencies on December 24.  Cabinet members resuming their positions from the previous term include the follows: Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji Secretary-general Chang Jer-yang Deputy Secretary-general Chen Chih-ming Deputy Secretary-general Hsue Chung-ming Commissioner of Civil Affairs Lan Shih-tsung Commissioner of Education Tseng Tsan-chin Commissioner of Economic Development Lin Chung-chieh Commissioner of Transportation Chen Shyue-tair Commissioner of Labor Lai Hsiang-lin Police Commissioner Chen Jia-chang Fire Department Commissioner Wu Chun-hong Health Commissioner Huang Shier-chieg Environmental Protection Commissioner Liou Ming-lone Rapid Transit Systems Commissioner Chang Tzer-hsiung Feitsui Reservoir Administration Commissioner Hsieh Cheng-daw Compulsary Military Service Commissioner Fu Yung-mao Sports Commissioner Li Tzai-li Legal Affairs Commissioner Yuan Hsiu-hui Commissioner of Budgeting, Accounting and Statistics Liang Hsiu-chu Commissioner of Personnel Cheng Pen-ching Government Ethics Commissioner Shen Feng-liang and Water Department Commissioner Chen Chin-hsiang.  The Commissioner of Public Works Pong Cheng-sheng, in addition to leading his agency, will also serve as deputy mayor under the new administration. He is also the Chairman of the Urban Planning Commission.  The position of Urban Development Commissioner will be filled by Huang Ching-mao, the former Directorate-general of Taichung City Governments Secretariat.  The new Cultural Affairs Commissioner is Tsai Tsung-hsiung, the former director of Taipei City Office of Commerce.  Spokesperson Liu Yi-ting will also double as the new Commissioner of Information and Tourism.  Incoming Information Technology Commissioner Lu Hsin-ke will assume his post at a later date. During the interim period, Deputy Commissioner Kao Yung-huang will serve as the acting commissioner of the agency.  Due to administrative processes, incoming Commissioner of Finance Chen Chia-chin is unable to take up her position until a later date. Deputy Secretary-general Chen Chih-ming will serve in acting capacity until the new commissioner assumes office.  Incoming Commissioner of Social Welfare Chen Hsueh-hui used to serve as senior executive officer at the Executive Yuan and was also the former commissioner of Hsinchu City Governments Department of Social Affairs.  Incoming Land Commissioner Chang Chih-hsiang formerly served as Director-general of Taichung City Governments Land Administration Bureau.  Herbert Yu, the new Commissioner of Research, Development, and Evaluation Commission, has served in various positions across Taipei City Government, Kaohsiung City Council, and private think tanks.  Deputy Commissioner Lin Fang-ru of the Department of Civil Servant Development will assume the role of Acting Commissioner for the agency.  The position of commissioner of the Hakka Affairs Commission will be filled by former Taipei City Councilor Hsu Shih-hsun.  Engineering Superintendent Chen Jung-hsing will serve as the new commissioner of the Indigenous People Commission. 
For those who plan to attend the 2019 New Year Countdown Party and take advantage of the MRT system, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that it will implement the 3 Lines for Departing policy for the upcoming event.  In light of the countdown event at city hall, the MRT system (with the exception of MRT Xiaobitan Station and MRT Xinbeitou Station) will be running for 42 hours in a row  from 6 AM on December 31, 2018 through 11:59 PM on January 1, 2019.  As a reminder, visitors from other municipalities who plan to take either the railroad or high-speed train to Taipei for the event, in addition to transferring at MRT Taipei Main Station, they are also encouraged to consider the alternatives of transferring MRT Nangang Station to the Blue (Bannan) Line.  For those seeking locations to take pro photos of the dazzling New Years fireworks, possible suggestions include sites near MRT Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station, MRT Xinyi Anhe Station, and MRT Xiangshan Station.  Furthermore, in light of December 31 being a holiday, to make way for crowds attending the countdown party, the MRT system will suspend bicycle carry-on policies starting at 3 PM on the designated date.  Maokong Gondola will coordinate with the overall MRT operation schedule, extending the departure time of last service to 2 AM. Service will continue until all passengers in the queue have reached their destinations.  How to Get There via MRT ARRIVING AT THE PARTY Visitors can decide whether to take the Blue Line or Red (Tamsui-Xinyi Line) to the party venue:  Blue (Bannan) Line  For those traveling from urban areas in Banqiao, Xinzhuang, Luzhou, or Songshan districts: Take the Blue Line For those traveling from Neihu or Nangang districts: Transfer to the Blue Line at MRT Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center Station For those traveling from other municipalities: Take either TRA (Taiwan Railway) or THSR (High-speed Train) to either MRT Taipei Main Station or MRT Nangang Station and transfer to the Blue Line  Red (Tamsui-Xinyi) Line  For those traveling from Tamsui, Xindian, Zhonghe or Yonghe districts: Take the Red Line directly or transfer to the Red Line at MRT Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall Station Wenshan area: Transfer to the Red Line at either MRT Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall Station or MRT Daaan Station.  LEAVING THE PARTY After the end of the party, individuals are encouraged to take the MRT at the following stations: MRT Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station MRT Yongchun Station MRT Xinyi Anhe Station MRT Xiangshan Station, and MRT Nanjing Sanmin Station. They should avoid boarding at MRT Taipei City Hall Station or MRT Taipei 101/World Trade Center Station.  Blue Line   For those heading to Banqiao, Xinzhuang, and Luzhou districts: Board the train at MRT Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station. For those heading to Neihu or Nangang districts: Take the MRT at MRT Yongchun Station.   Red Line  For those heading to Tamsui, Zhonghe, or Yonghe districts: Take the train at either MRT Xinyi Anhe Station or MRT Xiangshan Station.   Green (Songshan Xindian) Line  For those heading to Xindian District: Take the MRT at MRT Nanjing Sanmin Station.  Train Service Intervals To strengthen transportation effort to accommodate countdown party revelers, services will be operating at high frequency starting 6 PM. Service intervals for Blue Line will shorten to roughly 2 minute 32 seconds, while those for Red Line will shorten to every 3 minutes. Services will remain flexible in response to crowd number. In addition, all Red Line trains departing either MRT Beitou Station or MRT Tamsui Station after 6 PM will travel to MRT Xiangshan Station.  Blue Line  Service intervals to reach 2 minute 32 seconds, and will last until all passengers have reached their destinations.   Red Line  Starting 6 PM, service intervals will average 6 minutes (3 minutes for area between MRT Beitou Station and MRT Xiangshan Station).   Green Line  Service intervals average 6 minutes (4.5 minutes for area between MRT Songshan Station and MRT Taipower Building Station).   Orange (Zhonghe Xinlu) Line  Service intervals average 8 minutes (4 minutes for area between MRT Daqiaotou and MRT Nanshijao Station).  Bypassing MRT Stations for Safety Reasons Depending on the number of passengers currently inside the main body of the station, train services will bypass the following two stations if the situation requires so. The two stations are respectively MRT Taipei City Hall Station (Blue Line) and MRT Taipei 101/World Trade Center Station (Green Line). Passengers can disembark at either MRT Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station or MRT Xinyi Anhe Station and walk to the party venue.  Temporary Suspension of Bicycle Carry-on Policy Due to the possible overcrowding of the MRT system during the New Years Countdown Party, the weekend and holiday bicycle carry-on policy will be in place between 6 AM and 3 PM on December 31. The measure will be suspended starting 3 PM on the same day.  Closing Time of MRT Stations and Connecting Underground Walkways In coordination with traffic control and crowd control measures around city hall, Exit 4 of MRT Taipei 101/World Trade Center Station will be closed at 10 PM. Exit 2 of MRT Taipei City Hall Station and the entrance to Taipei City Hall Bus Station will close at 9:30 PM. The connecting underground passage between the MRT station and city hall will close at 10 PM. Exit 3 of MRT Taipei City Hall Station and passage connecting to Xinyi Breeze will shut down at 10 PM. All YouBike station services within the traffic control area will be suspended temporarily.  Flexible Three-stage Entry Control for MRT Stations In addition to spotlighted MRT stations in the vicinity of the party venue, all other MRT stations are prepared to implement a 3-stage entry control plan when necessary. These include Platform Access Control, Ticketing Gate Access Control, and Station Entrance Access Control. All passengers should be ready to follow the orders of station personnel and look out after their own safety and safety of accompanying friends and family members.  Priority Passage Policy The well-acclaimed priority passage policy and related elevator access control will see continued implementation this year. In addition to implementing the policy for MRT Taipei City Hall Station and MRT Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station, MRT Taipei 101/World Trade Center Station and MRT Xiangshan Station will both offer priority passage for the following people: disabled individuals, pregnant women, senior citizens, and individuals with children, and mobility-challenged individuals. Standard passengers should follow the directions of station personnel and take escalators or the stairs.  Increased Manpower at 12 Key MRT Stations To ensure smooth and rapid response to possible crowdedness at MRT stations on New Years Eve, TRTC will be dispatching an additional 500 staff members to 12 key stations along the network to help with crowd flow guidance and passenger safety, including: MRT Taipei City Hall Station MRT Taipei 101/World Trade Center Station MRT Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station MRT Xiangshan Station MRT Xinyi Anhe Station MRT Yongchun Station and MRT Zongxiao Dunhua Station.  Maokong Gondola Extended Hours In coordination with New Years Eve events, the Maokong Gondola will be extending its hours. The last gondola service will depart at 2 AM, with operation continuing until all passengers in the queue have arrived at their destinations. Starting 10 PM, there will only be a single queue to board carriages, regardless of standard carriage or Eye-of-Maokong carriages.   For more information on related New Years Eve MRT information, please visit the Chinese website of TRTC (http://www.metro.taipei/) or call the 24-hour customer service hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345).  For more information on the 2019 Taipei New Years Eve Countdown Party, please visit the official Chinese website of the event (https://www.newyear2019.taipei/en/index.html)
How do you enjoy Christmas Season at the Taipei Rose Garden? In addition to the abundant number of roses in the facility, why not seek out the hidden batches of beautiful clematis?  Often referred to as the queen of vine flowers, the clematis boasts a blooming period extending from early spring to late autumn. There are also certain types which blossom during the winter season. Given its preference for cold and dry climate, these plants are difficult to grow in the plains of Taiwan. It is through the relentless effort of Parks and Street Lights Office personnel that visitors can enjoy these impressive plants at the Taipei Rose Garden.  PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan noted that clematis emits an aura of elegance, a kind of reserved beauty which ignites an urge among onlookers to protect the plant. White clematis is like an innocent girl, while purple clematis resembles a highborn lady.  According to Chief Lai from PSLOs Yuangshan Park Management Division, many people are looking for small cases of happiness in their everyday life. Visiting Xinsheng Park to enjoy the beautiful sights of blooming roses is one of them. In addition to roses, there are plenty of different flowers in the facility, including clematis frequented by bees and butterflies.  In addition, to welcome Christmas, Taipei Rose Garden has also set up a dazzling Christmas tree and large numbers of Christmas hollies to celebrate the holiday with visitors at the park.  
The National Taipei University of Business (NTUB) held its 101st anniversary on December 22.  During his address, he noted that according to records, NTUB is the only winner under the colleges and universities category which have received the city governments Blue Bird Wing-spread Award for 3 consecutive years. This achievement indicates that the school provides concrete assistance to help its students land on jobs, which means the pupils receive training in areas relevant to whats needed in society and at work, boosting their competitiveness.  Noting that the school has a history spanning over one century, the institution has trained numerous talents over the years. He believes that to enable success in careers, the most important factor is people. That is why he is expressing his gratitude to the school for doing a great job in educating numerous key players for the industries over the past 100 years.  The mayor pointed out that two immediate issues Taiwan has to tackle in the immediate future is globalization and the dropping number of newborns. Due to globalization, internationalizing education is inevitable, regardless of whether bringing Taiwan to the world or bringing the world into Taiwan. From what he understands, the school is doing a good job as seen from the number of overseas Chinese students and specialized classes in training management talents for handling cross strait and Southeast Asian affairs.  Due to the trend of having fewer children, he foresees a necessity to postpone the working age and the growing importance of in-service education programs in the future. Given the growing aged population, continuous education and in-service education has become a necessity, which NTUB already has a good start. He ended his speech by wishing the best for the school and hope it continues its effort in nurturing future talents.  
Taipei City Hospital (TCH) inked a medical agreement with Okinawa Global Healthcare Association to strengthen cross-nation collaboration and promote community-based care.   The agreement was signed by TCH Superintendent Huang Sheng-jean and Okinawa Global Healthcare Association Chairman Shiroma Hiroshi, with Health Commissioner Huang Shier-chieg serving as the witness.   In the future, the association will tap upon TCHs vast experience in community medical treatment to work on similar approaches in Okinawa. The two parties will collaborate on issues spanning in-home care, social hospice and palliative care, and talent training program.   Superintendent Huang pointed out that TCH continues to proactively develop high-value healthcare services and community humanistic medical care in an interest to create a healthcare system with warmth. After the inking of the agreement, the two parties will set up a collaboration platform, centered on the principles of community integration, medical and healthcare, and humanistic care.   Chairman Shiroma noted that he was moved by the achievements of TCH in community-base and in-home care, as well as its community-based palliative and hospice services, which he hopes to bring back and promote in Okinawa. He looks forward to future collaborations and creating a win-win scenario for both sides by nurturing exceptional healthcare talents for Taiwan and Japan. 
With the rapid spread of the African Swine Fever (ASF) across 23 provinces in mainland China, the Animal Protection Office (APO) has stepped up its effort to prevent possible outbreaks.   In the interest of safeguarding local pig farms, the agency has nearly completed two rounds of onsite inspection. It also raised the awareness among industry personnel to report suspected cases of the fever or abnormal death of large number of hogs. Campaign posters were also distributed to district offices, schools, and farmers associations to raise public awareness.   A seminar was conducted on November 28 to educate farmers on how to identify symptoms of ASF, as well as conducted experience exchange among veterans, industry personnel, and disease prevention workers.   APO pointed out that due to the large number of visitors from mainland China and Southeast Asia, in the interest of stopping ASF at the borders, the agency has collaborated with the Department of Information and Tourism to work with local hotels and hostels to dispatch email ahead of time to remind visitors beforehand about not bringing meat product into Taiwan.   The agency reminds the public that a new regulation taking effect on December 18 subjects individuals who illegally bring meat products from countries with reported ASF outbreaks in the past 3 years with fines of NT$200,000 for the first violation. Repeated offenders may receive a fine of NT$1 million.   Citizens are reminded not to carry meat product from abroad or order such products online. In case of receiving meat products of unknown origins, please call disease prevention hotline (0800-039131) and deliver the item to the authority for collective disposal. 
The 2018 Taipei-Shanghai Forum took place in Taipei City on December 20. Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji greeted the guests from Shanghai on behalf of Mayor Ko Wen-je and citizens of Taipei during his opening address. He noted that this year marks the ninth forum and hopes that Shanghais Deputy Mayor Zhou Bo has already experienced the hospitality of locals during his stay. He also expressed his gratitude to Zhou for attending the event in person and brought a large delegation from Shanghai.   Regarding the forum itself, Teng pointed out that after the election, expanding the scope of exchange is a common understanding for people from across the political spectrum. In light of this, he hopes that the exchange between the two cities can be conducted in a positive fashion and stimulate comprehensive exchange, to realize a common and beautiful future for future generations.   During his concluding speech, Mayor Ko remarked that his attitude for handling cross-strait affairs is the same as his experience in dealing with peoples problems whether in the role of a doctor or that of a mayor  putting the well-being of the people as top priority. He believes that unnecessary conflicts can be diminished in favor of cooperation.   From his stint in the US and 18 visits to mainland China, Ko pointed out that his experience tells him that confrontation is never a good way to solve problems. Cooperation is good for people on both side of the strait, and win-win can be achieved through mutual acquaintance, understanding, respect, cooperation, and conciliation.   Noting the theme Sustainable City, Sustainable Development for this years forum, he remarked that the content covers public housing, urban renewal, health industry, cinematics and fashion, waste processing and reutilization, and more. One of the key points for discussions will be circular economy, which is something that both cities may find to be valuable during their respective paths in development. Taipei has achieved much in implementing the concept in terms of waste recycling and public housing constructions. Hopefully, through the forum, the two cities can learn from the best practices of the other and transform themselves into model benchmarks for circular economy implementation. 
How long has it been since youve last seen Taipei Zoos nocturnal denizens? The good news is that these creatures of the night will meet the public once again with the slated completion and future opening of the Tropical Zone House at Taipei Zoo!  Since the dismantling of the Nocturnal House in September of 2012, many of the furry residents have been relocated to other parts of the zoo for care. Some of these creatures have remained away from public eyes since then. With the completion of constructions of the new facility, animals such as Azaras night monkeys, fat-tailed dwarf lemur, and pygmy slow loris will soon make their way back to the exhibition area.  The family of Azaras night monkeys, which arrived from Zoo Frankfurt in 2008, had adapted remarkably to life at Taipei Zoo. They are often seen climbing along vines and seeking out preys in shrubs, as well as catching insects in flight thanks to their superb vision in the dark. The dwarf lemurs, who store their nutrient as fat in their tail section, are able to hibernate for up to six months. The pygmy slow loris, natives to areas spanning Laos, Vietnam, and Cambodia, are considered vulnerable on the list published by IUCN due to devastation in their natural habitat from past wars.  These nocturnal primates usually rest in the day and remain active at night, evolving traits adapted to such lifestyle, including large and round eyes with powerful night vision capabilities even in dim light surroundings. The new facility features a long corridor which recreates the dim lighting environment to simulate the poor illumination during sunset and nighttime. Visitors planning on dropping by in the future should remain quiet and slow down their pace at the facility to ensure minimal disturbance to the animals.  For more information on these nocturnal animals, please visit the Chinese website of Taipei Zoo: http://www.zoo.gov.tw/
With the announcement of the winners of the 18th Public Construction Golden Quality Award on December 18, the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) brought home the top honor with its effort in the overhaul of North Gate and surrounding area.  Director Huang Li-yuan remarked that a total of 42 cases among 63 submissions from across the nation won the awards this year. This is also the fourth award claimed by the North Gate Plaza Landscaping Project in 2018, following recognitions by the city governments Public Construction Excellence Award, AAPME Awards 2018, and the Chinese Architectural Golden Stone Award.  According to Huang, the redesigning of North Gates surrounding in the city governments Western District Gateway Project, and has an impact upon the initial impression of visitors. Freed from the daunting overpasses overshadowing the historical building, North Gate has now become a cultural landscape boasting 3 times the area before.  Chief Hung of PSLO pointed out that the task of excavating and landscaping near the historical structure is quite challenging, forcing it to make decisions on how to preserve unearthed wall structures without affecting construction works. Furthermore, special attention is dedicated to maintain traffic and pedestrian flow in the surrounding, as well as tracking the whereabouts of electric and other utility pipelines below the surface to ensure work safety.  With the intention of transforming North Gate into a historical landscape similar to the Arc de Triomphe in Paris, the project successfully connected other historical buildings in the area  Mitsui Warehouse, Taipei Post Office, Futai Street Mansion, and Ministry of Railway Office  into forming a kind of urban museum zone for the Taipeis west district. 
The cabinet members of Taipei City Government tendered their resignation to Mayor Ko Wen-je during a ceremony on December 18.  During his address, the mayor noted that when he first took office, his promise was that civil servants will no longer have to serve political parties and ideologies  or even the mayor. They are only required to serve citizens. He is glad that over the past 4 years, there has been no report of graft involving his administrative team members, and this is the biggest change compared to the past.  Another important point is that candidates for top management levels of city hall are determined by a selection process based on merit and accomplishments and finalized by voting. He believes that this approach is a major step for the Chinese world. Ko also attributes the resulting innovation and courage in enforcement of citys civil servant to this mechanism.  The mayor stressed that open government, public participation, and transparency are the values which is being implemented step-by-step in Taipei. He expressed his gratitude to the members of his team over the past 4 years. He remains firm in his belief to promote such culture, seeking to make this set of principles the mainstream in the politics of Taiwan.  As the representative of the commissioners of the current administration, Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji pointed out that he is tendering the resignation on behalf of all agency heads in accordance with the Local Government Act. He stressed that the past 4 years has been important moments in history, and glad that all the commissioners played a role in the process. On behalf of the commissioners, he wished the best for the mayor and Taipei City.  Responding to media questions on the progress of new cabinet formation, Ko replied that he will take his time, since there is no law requiring all positions to be filled by December 25. As for which agency heads will remain in their positions, he replied that the institution will not cease to function due to vacancies, so he plans to take his time.
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the event welcoming the new enrollees for this years Northern Stream of Nanyang Talents Project held at the National Taiwan University Administration Building on December 18.  During his address, the mayor recalled that the project can trace its origins back to a city delegations visit to Southeast Asia. After their stops in Thailand, Malaysia, and India, the trip report pointed out that Malaysia is Taiwans gateway to the Muslim world, since roughly 22-percent of the population is Chinese and it is considered to be more open among Islamic nations.  He also attributed Taiwans friendly relations with the country to the large number of Malaysian students studying in Taiwan over the years. Thanks to the flow of these students lasting over two decades, many of the earlier students became prominent figures and exert their influence on strengthening bilateral relations. Currently, there are roughly 10,000 Malaysian students in Taiwan.  As for India, the country with 1.3 billion people is expected to overtake China in terms of the nation with the most population. It is also known for its solid basis in the field of ICT. Noting that local companies have a hard time establishing a foothold in the Indian market, he believes that the best way is to have Indian students study in Taiwan, and enroll their help to help local businesses secure a beachhead after they graduate.  Citing an earlier conversation with the Commissioner of Education, Ko noted that the subsidy of NT$110,000 a year is not attractive enough. He invited the industry to sponsor students, and it is best for their topic of research to match those which the companies are interested in to help connect their education with industry players.  Given the pilot program only attracted 21 students, he admitted that the project cannot be considered a success. He stressed that further discussions will be necessary internally to achieve the initial goal of attracting over 200 students. 
With the drastic drop of outdoor temperature in recent days, the Department of Economic Development (DOED) reminds the public to exercise precaution when utilizing gas boilers at home.  To minimize the chance of carbon monoxide poisoning, the agency emphasizes 3 key steps: (1) examine gas boiler type and placement, (2) check for leaks, and (3) ensure sufficient ventilation.  Furthermore, the raise awareness on correct gas boiler usage, the agency will be dispatching personnel to accompany staff members from the four natural gas vendors to implement scheduled pipeline checks and promote gas use safety to households. It also encourages residents to take advantage of the free checkup every two years offered by local gas companies to ensure equipment safety.  DOED Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh remarked that appointments can be arranged with the gas companies going as late as 9:30 PM on weekdays and from 9 AM through 6 PM on Saturdays and Sundays by calling the service hotline.  Related Service Hotlines: DOED: 1999 Citizens Hotline, ext. 6607 or 6608 Great Taipei Gas Corporation:  Daytime: 2332-1070, or 2768-4999, ext. 609 Evening: 2769-1212, or 2767-6552  Yang Ming Shan Gas Corporation:   Daytime: 2894-8686, ext. 812 or 320 Evening: 2898-5111  Shin-hu Natural Gas Corporation:  Daytime: 2791-3491, ext. 485, 486, or 202 Evening: 2794-3218  Shin Shin Natural Gas Corporation:  Daytime: 2921-7811, ext. 235, 236, 575 Evening: 2921-7811, ext. 276 or 277 8942-2007  
Mayor Ko Wen-je stopped by the 2018 Guling Street Books and Creativity Bazaar on December 15.  During his address, he noted that the event has been held for 18 years. The impact of the bazaar is evident, given the number of city councilors and Legislative Yuan members among the audience.  The mayor admitted that he has been contemplating on how to link efforts of the community, culture groups, and city hall. He believes that doing so will make the preservation of the community culture more comprehensive. For the neighborhood, the city government has helped out in projects such as scenic improvement of green spaces, creation of small parks, mural arts and dcor, and minor overhauls of the local theatre.  Regarding the process, he admitted that not everyone can agree on any given project  such as establishing a park. That is why at times he had to negotiate with local leaders and borough chiefs. In the future, he plans to strengthen the contact among borough chiefs and local groups by using the district head as a platform for integration. After making sure all the stakeholders are on the same page, the agencies will allocate funds, which can thereby result in an overall effort.  Ko pointed out that the creative bazaar of Guling Street is a political experiment to test if district directors can effectively integrate agency efforts while assisting borough chiefs and community groups. He is here today to examine the results of efforts over the past year. 
The Taipei: Denglong Street is currently being exhibited at the Festival of Light 2018 in Osaka. Over hundreds of red and white lanterns decorate the walkway inside Nakanoshima Park, recreating the ambiance of Taipei on foreign lands.  Senior Specialist Chiang Chun-hui of the Department of Information and Tourism and Bravo the Bear attended the opening ceremony of the Festival of Light on December 14 to promote both the Denglong Street and the upcoming 2019 Taipei International Lantern Festival to the local Japanese audience.  In addition to displaying the red-and-white dog lanterns in the outdoor area of Nakanoshima Park, a series of events has also been organized at the venue. An area has also been set aside for the public to rid well-wish cards and post them on the wall decorations. Bravo also took the opportunity to pass out Bravo mango biscuits to passerby to promote the taste of Taiwan.  According to the senior specialist, the theme Taipei: Denglong Street has been selected because Denglong has the meaning of achieving fame and becoming successful. She noted that Osaka has taken part in the 2017 Taipei Lantern Festival to show its support for the friendship between the two cities. She also took the opportunity to invite the Japanese public to visit the 2019 Taipei Lantern Festival which will take place between February 16 and 24.  This year marks the sixth year of the Festival of Light, which involves various illumination and lantern exhibits across Osaka. The event celebrates both Christmas and the upcoming New Year, and is considered to be a must-visit event in Kansai region during the winter. The light show takes place from December 14 through 25.
Mayor Ko Wen-je met with President Tsai at the Beimen Post Office Building in the afternoon of December 13.  During the meeting, the mayor set forth 4 issues which needed the help of the central government, including review of the Shezidao Flood Prevention Plan the usage of E1 and E2 plots which belong to the Taiwan Railway Administration the possibility of long term plans for Taipei Railway Workshop and TAF and usage of certain properties surrounding Taipei Dome to secure the additional space needed for evacuation plans.  Regarding Shezidao, the mayor cited the 48-year-long construction ban of the neighborhood, pointing out that the area which requires immediate assistance from the central government is the flood prevention plan. Even now, there is no hint whether a planned meeting will take place this month  it was originally slated for October.  Regarding the plots E1 and E2, he noted that Taipei has completed the implementation of the West District Gateway project. However, he is unsure how long the planned Railway Museum and Postal Museum will be delayed. If the city government was handling the two cases, it should have been completed by now.  As for TAF and Taipei Railway Workshop, he pointed out that citizens are puzzled why there has been no progress regarding the reutilization of the 2 properties. With ownership under the Ministry of Culture, Ko hopes to learn what plans the central government have for the two facilities.  Finally, the mayor pointed out that issue regarding Taipei Dome in that dismantling the facility is not easy, and it is very difficult to find a solution to the safety problem on the premise alone. He hopes that the central government could work with Taipei by integrating the plaza of Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall into the evacuation planning of Taipei Dome as a possible solution. 
With the approach of New Years Eve Countdown Party, for those of you who want to enjoy the fireworks but prefer not to mingle with the crowds, a good place to visit to catch the show will be Elephant Mountain (Xianshan).  According to the Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO), in recent years Xianshan has become the top choice for foreign tourists seeking the perfect vantage point to take the ideal picture of Taipei 101 and the Taipei Basin.  To provide visitors with friendly access to the areas, the agency has overhauled the signs and guides on Xianshan to help hikers find their way to desired destinations. It also installed 8 designed benches and path railings for added security. Top places for observing the surrounding landscape include the Shooters Platform, Six Boulders, and Photography Platform.  Chief Chen of the agencys Industrial and Trail Section pointed out that Xianshan is accessible by taking the Tamsui-Xinyi Line to MRT Xianshan Station. The entrance of the hiking trail is a short walk from Exit 2 of the station by following the signs. For those who desire a more flexible and convenient mobility option, there are YouBikes for hire right outside Exit 3 of the same station.  GEO also provides free pamphlets on Xianshan hiking trail at its office or download the electronic version (http://gisweb.taipei.gov.tw/release/). Visitors are also reminded to pick up their own litter after their stay on Xianshan. For any suggestions on hiking trail improvements, please fill out the agencys survey online: https://goo.gl/QZ5fpQ 
The Huanggang River, located in Beitou District, will be the target of a massive revamp.  The Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) pointed out that plans involved the merging of the river with Qiyan No. 1 Park and Qiyan No. 2 Park, hoping to create a bigger green landscape for local residents, as well as enhancing flood drainage capabilities during typhoon season. The project is expected to undergo initial assessment in 2019.  According to the agency, global warming has resulted in extreme weather conditions for Taiwan in recent years. Compounded by high degree of urbanization and large numbers of land development cases, recent typhoons have resulted in downpours reaching and even exceeding the capacity level of Taipeis drainage works. The revamp of Huanggang is an effort to expand the flood prevention capacity of surrounding areas, as well as overhauling the local landscape.  Current plans focuses on the waterway between Huanggang Park and Qiyan Pumping Station, seeking to create a 3.7 hectare water-and-eco-friendly park corridor by merging Huangguang, Qiyan No. 1, and Qiyan No. 2 parks. This allows the park hinterlands to serve as detention basin of excess storm water during heavy rain or typhoon which exceeds the capacity of the waterway, which provides additional protection to neighboring communities.  In addition to conducting project assessment in 2019, the agency will also involve members of local communities through channels such as scheduled workshops to learn more about local expectations for changes to the riverbank areas. 
The Department of Economic Development held a press conference for the release of the book Extra-Ordinary Taipei at WIRED TOKYO caf on December 12. Comprising 16 volumes, the collection details the achievements of the agency over the past 600 days.  Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh expressed his gratitude to the efforts of his staff and administration team. Noting that the duties of his agencies are often diverse and span different fields, the commissioner pointed out that the book does a good job at offering visual presentations of work contents.  With the group photo of himself and agency workers placed in the first page of Extra-Ordinary Taipei, Lin pointed out that the shot symbolizes the important roles of each member of the team. The press conference also showcased a film detailing the creation and editing process of the publication.  Extra Ordinary Taipei is subdivided into chapters including Portraits of Craftsman, Vigorous Night Market, Traditional Markets, Industrial Lifeline, Leisure Farm Fun, Quality Tea Tasting, Fashion and Fine Dining, and more. The publication is available at major bookstores or online stores including Books.com.tw, Eslite, Kingstone, TAAZE, Sanmin, Wunan Books, and Govbooks.com.tw.  For more information on Extra-Ordinary Taipei, please visit the Chinese website of DOED (https://www.doed.gov.taipei/) or its Facebook fan page (https://www.facebook.com/doed.taipei/).
The 2018 Guling Street Books and Creativity Bazaar will take place during the weekend of December 15! The closed-street annual marketplace boasting indie books, used books, creative handicrafts, and talk shows is a great place to spend the weekend!  According to the organizers, the participating booths this year have exceeded 100 in numbers. Stalls feature goods and services such as used books, coins and stamps, charity, publication showcase, handicraft works, indie publishers, and art magazines. Activities also include various roadside forums, craftwork demonstrations, street performances, and even urban ecology tours.  Since its inauguration in 2000, the localized books and creative goods festival has promoted community culture and innovation. Beginning with assistance provided by the students and faculty of NTU Graduate Institute of Building and Planning during its early days, the bazaar saw the involvement of the staff of Nanhai Gallery in 2005 and quickly became a base for creative markets across the island.  In 2009, it integrated the concept of an exhibition for indie books, combining modern art performance, creative handicraft, independent publishing, and art periodicals to create a grass root movement pushing for communications in the public domain within Taipeis south town.  As the bazaar take place on a closed street, the organizers encourage visitors to take public transportation to the venue. Individuals can disembark at MRT CKS Memorial Hall Station, and the event venue is a short walk from Exit 2 in the direction of Nanhai Road.  The 18th Guling Street Books and Creativity Bazaar Date and Time: December 15 (10 AM  8 PM), December 16 (10 AM  5 PM) Opening Ceremony: 11 AM on Saturday, December 15 Venue: Guling Street (between Nanhai Road intersection and Ningbo W. Street intersection) 
The 2019 New Years Eve Countdown Party is right around the corner! The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) held a press conference to share the details of the upcoming festivity with the media on December 11.  In addition to the appearance of celebrities including the Korean pop group EXID, A-Mei, and MJ116, the agency also announced that Anna, Ben Wu, Hsieh He-hsian, Lu Kuo-wei, Ting Ting, and others will also appear on the stage.  Unlike the concerts in the past years, this years event will incorporate elements of electroacoustic, inviting DJ Cookie to collaborate with pianist Rueibin Chen in the performance of music combining visual and audio extravagance.  The organizers also introduced the 3D mascot modeled after Mayor Ko Wen-je, who guided the audience of the press conference on a virtual tour of major tourist attractions in Taipei which are must-visits destinations in December. Information and Tourism Commissioner Chen Su-yu also promised that he will appear on stage at the countdown party if the related Facebook fan page can attract 180,000 likes.  Furthermore, as a warm-up activity leading to New Years Eve, the Fun Bazaar at city halls east entrance taking place from December 29 through 31 will offer limited edition merchandise including city souvenirs and licensed Bravo products.  For more information, please visit the official Chinese website of the countdown party: https://www.newyear2019.taipei or the Facebook fan page of Taipei Travel Net: https://zh-tw.facebook.com/taipeitravel/  
To provide international tourists more comprehensive service upon their arrival in Taipei via the Airport MRT, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) has set up a new Visitor Information Center at the AMRT Taipei Main Station (A1) on December 10.  During the opening ceremony, Taipeis mascot Bravo the Bear staged a short performance, dancing to a music track consisting of sounds and melodies taken from Taipeis daily scenes.  To celebrate the occasion, TPEDOIT is also holding the Taipei Travel Great Match Roulette event. Both international and local visitors can take part in the game from today through December 23 by taking a photo at the A1 Visitor Information Center and uploading it to either Facebook or Instagram. Prizes include WeMo Scooter rental credits, hotel vouchers, magazines, and SIM card holders.  In addition, Taipei Travel Net will also hold a special raffle on its Chinese Facebook fan page. During the activity period, simply like the fan page, leave a message under the activity thread, and tag three friends for a chance to win a carry-on luggage worth NT$6,000. For more information on the contest, please visit the Chinese Facebook fan page of Taipei Travel Net.  Visitor Information Center  AMRT A1 Taipei Main Station Hours: 8 AM  8 PM Address: No. 8, Zhengzhou Road, Datong District (B1 Corridor of AMRT A1 Taipei Main Station)  Taipei Travel Great Match Roulette Date: December 10  23, 2018 Time: 9 AM  7 PM  
Taipei City Government organized a press conference to share the results from the pilot program spotlighting the iTrash Garbage and Recycling Integration System on December 10. The device has been installed and operating since August of 2018.  Dignitaries attending the event include Information Technology Commissioner Lee Wei-bin and Environmental Protection Commissioner Liou Ming-lone.  The iTrash device allows users to dispose of household trash around the clock, without having to wait for the garbage truck. Furthermore, the facility also allows onsite recycling, directly adding the refund value to the users EasyCard. The device is also capable of notifying the management when reaching maximum storage capacity or malfunctions in real time. In the future, the operator plans to introduce an app interface allowing users to look up information on sites, personal spending, and recycling records.  Under the guidelines of the Taipei Smart City Living Lab Proof of Concept Project, the Department of Information Technology and the Department of Environmental Protection worked with the Taipei Smart City Project Management Office to establish a partnership among Hao-yang Environmental Technology Company, Chunghwa Telecom, and Yonggu Bianli Parking Company to implement the experimental service at its present location on Linyi Street.  Commissioner Lee noted that with changing ways of living and continuous improvement in the quality of life, the push towards the establishment of a smart city requires effort from all agencies, as well as the input of the private sector, citizens, and the academia. Commissioner Liou pointed out that the facility will expand to selected sanitation squad offices as well as other test locations in the future. 
Tired of trying to make your way through huge crowds but not wanting to stay home on New Years Eve? Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) invites you to come and take the Maokong Gondola to Maokong and attend the special events on Christmas Eve and New Years Eve.  The Peaceful Christmas Eve at Maokong Gondola event will take place on December 15, 16, and 23. With the tall Christmas tree decorated outside Maokong Station of the gondola network, the organizer invites visitors to write their wishes on well-wish cards and ribbons provided by the Maokong Gondola and hang them up on the well-wish wall. If you are lucky, you might even encounter Santa Claus passing out small souvenirs at the station to passerby!  For New Years Eve, the Maokong Gondola will extend operations on December 31, with the last carriage departing at 2 AM. Actual operation hours will remain flexible to allow all passengers to board the carriage home.  In addition, TRTC will set up entertainment and game stalls in the wooden platform area outside the gondolas Maokong Station offering free hot tea, as well as traditional childrens games such as ring toss, pitching grid, and pinball between 9 PM and 11 PM. Individuals can bring their mug or tumbler and enjoy hot tea while watching the New Years Eve fireworks.  With numerous restaurants and tea shops in the vicinity and expected crowd, TRTC reminds visitors to make reservations ahead of time to secure a place to relax and enjoy a fine meal before watching the fireworks show at midnight.  For more information, please call the 24-hour hotline of TRTC (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline. Details are also available on the Chinese website of TRTC (http://www.metro.taipei/).
The 2018 Taipei Marathon kicked-off in the morning of December 9. He pointed out that every great city has its marathon event. Since its inauguration in 1986, Taipei Marathon is a major event of Taipei which fully highlights the citys vigor, health, and dreams.  According to Ko, there has been some adjustments to this years marathon. The first change is the further refining of the marathon event to become more competitive rather than attracting the most number of participants. By setting the maximum number of participants to 27,000, the limited positions allow the organizers to be selective about athletes.  In the area of route design, the planners focus on monuments, allowing runners to enjoy the sight of North Gate, Jingfu Gate, and other historical landmarks along the way. The marathon is also applying for bronze label road race recognition, seeking to connect with the global community.  While it takes money and effort to acquire road race recognition, Ko believes that securing the international certification will help Taipeis event become an urban marathon. This will be an important aspect of Taipei Marathon, as the majority of bronze label road races around the world take place in more rural areas.  He also noted that another characteristic of this years marathon is its emphasis on environmental protection. Each participant received a reusable tumbler, which helps to reduce litter during the event. Furthermore, the event also invited many medical professionals to join the race, as well as deploying over one hundred medical student volunteers along the way to strengthen availability of medical services.  The mayor remarked that the event improves year after year through the strengthening of preparation efforts. He also required staff members to complete reviews after the event, to ensure that improvements can be carried out before the race in the following year.  He ended his speech by expressing his gratitude to sponsors, referees, volunteers, and  most importantly  the participants for making the event a success. 
The widely popular astronomy camp for the entire family is available in the month of December! Registration for the activity will be accepted online starting 9 AM on December 11.  According to Taipei Astronomical Museum (TAM), there will be 3 astronomy camp sessions, to be held respectively on December 16, 23, and 29. Each session offers 130 openings on a first-come-first-served basis.  The family astronomy camp has been vastly popular, as it creates numerous interaction opportunities between parents and their elementary school kids, as well as a chance to learn more about astronomy.  The camp comprises activities centered on astronomy classes, such as DIY lesson on making and using a planisphere, employing the device to identify the constellations, taking the Cosmic Adventure ride, watching the 3D movie at the 3D theater, and enjoying the virtual night sky inside the IMAX Theater. Instructors will join the participants and guide them through the course.  In addition, 10 openings for each of the sessions will be reserved for low income families from Taipei City. The fees will be waived for these participants.  To sign up, please visit the Chinese website of TAM (https://www.tam.gov.taipei/) or call the registration hotline (TEL: 28314551, ext. 202 or 204). 
The month of December marks the anniversary of Taipei Children Amusement Park in the midst of the Christmas Season. For 2018, the celebrations for the 4thanniversary of the facility will take place on December 16.  For the event, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) has decorated the premise of the amusement park with a 5-meter-tall Christmas tree to herald in the holiday season. As a bonus, visitors with birthdays in the month of December will receive free admission during the event dates when they produce IDs with the information.  During the anniversary celebration, the first 200 visitors to purchase the 1-day ticket will also receive a limited version special souvenir. Those who purchase show tickets at the Ifkids Theater can enjoy a 50-percent discount (only 1 discount opportunity for each 1-day ticket).  In addition, there is also a Green + Red stamp rally inside the park. Customers who spend more than NT$99 at any of the shops with the red Christmas tree sticker and board any one of the rides with the green Christmas tree sticker (remember to collect a stamp after the ride) can take part in the raffle event by bringing the uniformed invoice and the stamp to the event desk on the first floor of the park. Raffle prizes include group admission tickets, Maokong Gondola Tickets, Taipei Arena weekday skating tickets, and much more! Only 2,000 raffle chances are available each day, so seize your opportunities before theyre gone!  For more information, please visit the Chinese Facebook fan page of TCAP (https://www.facebook.com/tcap1216), Chinese website (https://www.tcap.taipei/), or call the 24-hour service hotline of TRTC (TEL: 218-12345). 
The Animal Protection Office (APO) has joined hands with the Wanhua District Huajiang Community Development Association to organize the 2018 Taipei Huajiang Waterfowl Season. The event will take place at the Huajiang Waterfowl Nature Park during the weekend of December 8.  The Taipei Huajiang Waterfowl Season will comprise stage performances, carnival, waterfowl ecology tour, and interactive games to bring participants closer to both the surrounding wetlands and life in the local community.  Economic Development Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh pointed out that Huajiang Waterfowl Nature Park and Taipei City Waterfowl Protection area is an important stop for migratory avian, with thousands of birds flocking to the area during April and September each year.  As of the end of October 2018, records indicate that a total of 5485 birds spanning 87 species have been reported in the Huajiang area, including garganeys and Indian spot-billed ducks. Through the long term partnership between the city government and the private sector, the surrounding areas of Huajiang wetlands has become an important field boasting rich ecology within Taipei City.  For the event, the Wild Bird Society of Taipei will be setting up telescopes on the birdwatching platform of the park to allow the public to have a close-up look at these shy birds, with experts offering guides and tips on avian observation to educate visitors on wildlife conservation and environmental protection.  The organizers have also arranged for shuttle buses to transport visitors between the park and Longshan Temple. The shuttle runs from 8 AM through 5 PM on the event days, with a service every half-an-hour. The stops of the shuttle include MRT Longshan Temple Station (Exit 1), Huajiang Waterfowl Park, and Huajiang Butterfly Park.  For more information, please visit the Chinese website of APO (https://www.tcapo.gov.taipei/) or the Facebook fan page of DOED (https://www.facebook.com/doed.taipei/).  
With the 2018 Taipei Marathon taking place on Sunday, December 9, the city government has announced various adjustments to the local public transportation network during the event.  For MRT, the first train will depart the respective terminal stations at 5:20 AM. The interval between trains for the Bannan Line will be 8 to 10 minutes the Wenhu Line will be 6 to 7 minutes and 10 to 15 minutes for the other lines. The Xiaobitan Branch Line and Xinbeitou Branch Line will operate starting at 6 AM.  Furthermore, the platform TVs at all MRT stations will broadcast the marathon event via live streaming from 6:30 AM to 9:30 AM on December 9.  Regarding public bus services, the Public Transportation Office (PTO) pointed out that a total of 205 bus routes, as well as various intercity buses, will be required to make detours or skip stops during the marathon, affecting a total of 441 bus stops across the city. For more information on the details, please visit the Chinese website of the marathon (https://www.sportsnet.org.tw/schedule.php).  PTO also reminds the public that there may be possible delays and doubling of travel time for affected bus services due to traffic control measures. They can either make allowances for the additional time or avoid traveling during the marathon period.  For more information on MRT operations, please call the 24-hour hotline of TRTC (TEL: 02-218-12345) or visit the companys Chinese website (http://www.metro.taipei/).  For details on bus service adjustments, please call the 1999 Citizens Hotline or visit the Chinese website of PTO (http://www.pto.taipei.gov.tw). 
To educate kids on the importance of traffic safety and related precautions, the Department of Transportation (DOT) established the first outdoor transportation in line with the Yuan-announced Pioneer Projects under the Ministry of Transportation and Communications  The facility is located near exit 1 of Youth Park in Wanhua District. Young children will be able to learn about the precautions taken before crossing intersections and related traffic knowhow through an environment simulating city crossroads.  The 7 areas within the facility include traffic signs treasure hunt, pedestrian crossing knowledge, secrets to waiting safely, diagnosis of blind spots, traffic sigh flip game, alleyway simulation, and knowhow of crossing streets.   According to DOT, a total of 41 pedestrians between the age of 7 and 12 were injured from January through October of 2018. The figure from the same period in 2017 was 44, showing a slight decrease. The main causes of injury include failure to cross the street via pedestrian crossing, failure to follow traffic light or sign when crossing the street, or failure to check incoming vehicles before crossing. These show that there is still room for improvement regarding traffic safety education for kids.  The agency encourages parents to bring their kids to the Transportation Park and have them try out the interactive games at the facility to learn more about traffic safety and precautions before crossing the street. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je personally tried out the Taipei Grand Trail by taking a trip in the morning of December 2.  Starting off from China University of Science and Technology at 7 AM, he traveled past Nine-five Peak and arrived at the Beixingbao Temple Hiking Trail Entrance of Elephant Mountain, taking 3 hours to cover the 5.5-kilometer hike.  The mayor pointed out that the Taipei Grand Trail, which spans 92 kilometers, forms the core of Taipeis hiking and walking trail policy. He believes that by consolidating and improving the trail environment and related services, these facilities have the potential to attract outdoor enthusiasts, which in turn will help businesses located along the vicinity of these trails. This will create a win-win situation for the government, tourists, and businesses.  According to the Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO), the Taipei Grand Trail project was carried out within a period of 6 months, spanning the phases of planning, onsite assessment, route determination, and setting up guide system and maps. The 92-kilometer-long trail covers an elevation difference of 1,120 meters and has been tested by over 300 hikers.  Regarding preparations, Chief Chen from GEOs Industrial and Trail Section suggested that hikers should take on the trail section-by-section if they set their minds to traverse the entire trail. Hikers should also assess their own fitness and select routes and schedule accordingly. Remember to bring necessary gears, water, and rations, as well as travel with company and follow the directions along the way.
Organized by the United Alumni Association of USTP, the 2018 Urban Youth Forum took place at the Liberty Square Convention Center in Neihu Technology Park on December 1.  The guests of the panel discussions include Mayor Ko Wen-je and representatives from both industries and academia. The event attracted over 400 young participants.  During his address, Ko shared with the audience how the genes of humanities and innovation have been integrated into urban development, as well as his decision-making and considerations regarding career track changes. He pointed out that his objective is to make Taipei City into the innovation capital of the Chinese world. Noting the challenges under global realpolitik, he stressed that the only way out for Taiwan is innovation, which is also vital for self-development.  During his dialogue with student representatives from 4 universities and colleges, Ko covered topics from Taipeis medical care policy to the challenges and difficulties young people face today, as well as the dilemma regarding priority between specialized skill and general knowledge.  USTPA Chairman Hsieh Shih-tsang remarked that the forum aims at promoting the exchange among cities across the world, with the theme of the discussions centering on economic developments to reflect the needs and concerns of the younger generation. 
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) is expanding its work force! Those looking for careers in public mass transit are encouraged to take advantage of this opportunity!  According to the company, it is looking for new staff in preparation for the first phase of the MRT Circle Line operations. Manpower will be needed for positions spanning administration, repair and maintenance, IT, transportation planning, general planning, and more.  A total of 636 newly hires will be required to fill positions across 30 categories, as well as 328 applicants to be wait-listed. More information is available on the TRTC recruitment information website in Chinese (https://ssl.metro.taipei/workerdataV2/).  As a reminder, applicants should register online at the recruiting website and print out the registration fee payment slip by 3 PM on December 6 (Thursday), completing fee payment on the same day. Each applicant can apply under one job category.  No information changes will be allowed after completing the registration. Applicant should prepare their National ID card and other identity documents, as well as going through the recruitment screening guidelines beforehand. He or she should turn off any communication device and phones during the test, or be disqualified due to violation.  Depending on the respective opening, newly hires will receive salary spanning NT$29,900 to NT$43,400 during the probation period. After the probation period, the salary will be readjusted to a range spanning NT$33,900 to NT$56,100, depending on the position.  For more information, please call the 24-hour hotline of TRTC (TEL:02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening ceremony of the 2018 Shilin Residence Chrysanthemum Show on November 30.  During his address, the mayor noted that the annual show attracted nearly 550,000 visitors in 2017. He also looks forward to seeing a large turnout this year.  The theme of the 2018 Chrysanthemum Show is merging Chrysanthemum with renowned landscapes around the world. He recalled that the public works commissioner once mentioned to him that it takes about 2 years to raise football mums, with a large container of these chrysanthemum flowers commanding a price tag of up to NT$600,000.  In addition to the chrysanthemum show, there will also be 10 sessions of performances and activities at the venue during the exhibition period, including shows by glove puppetry theatre, symphonic winds group, percussion band, and more.  Ko stressed that the most important objectives of city government activities is to achieve localization, internationalization, and industry promotion. The events must also connect with the surrounding commercial districts and bring in local groups and organizations. In terms of internationalization, the Chrysanthemum Show incorporated scenes from around the world, and last years tulip show saw the participation of the Netherlands. Finally, the events hope to draw visitors and bring business to surrounding vendors.  At the end of his speech, he expressed his gratitude to the associations who supported the event, including His Liu Environmental Greening Foundation, Chi-hsin Agricultural Development Foundation, and Everlight Cultural Foundation. 
The National Danish Performance Team (NDPT) will perform at the Taipei Heping Basketball Stadium from 7 PM to 9 PM on Saturday, December 1. The event will be their last appearance in Taiwan, which is a part of their global tour this year.  This is the third visit of the team to Taiwan since their world tour began in 1994.  The team of professional gymnasts has visited over 80 countries around the world over the years, performing to over 2 million around the world. The team visiting Taiwan consists of 28 athletes between 19 and 27 years old.  Combining sports with various visual and audio elements, the performance of NDPT features rhythmic gymnastics, dance, cheerleading, flips, and acrobatics with lighting, color, music, and costume to create a fascinating gymnastics show for spectators.  Before their Taipei event, the members of the team visited Dunhua Elementary School to interact and perform for the 1,200 students and faculty members. The audience was able to witness the power and vitality of the Danish athletes and enjoy the 
The city government held a beam-setting ceremony at the construction site of the Yongle Urban Renewal Project on November 28.  Dignitaries attending the ceremony include Urban Development Commissioner Lin Jou-min, City Councilor Hung Chien-yi, local borough chiefs, Yongchun Urban Renewal Project Self-help Association Leader Liu Te-pin, and a number of community residents.  During his address, Commissioner Lin noted that there have been some controversies since the community applied for urban renewal review. To settle the different views among stakeholders, the city government organized over 4 urban renewal negotiation sessions, as well as 2 meetings on urban renewal review and evaluation.  Despite the temporary halt on works on July 20, 2017 due to a decision by the Supreme Administrative Court, the city government was able to complete the remaining procedures in compliance with regulations on urban renewal project review in 4 months, allowing constructions to resume on February 13, 2018.  Lin noted that through urban renewal efforts, the city government was able to accelerate the process of urban renewal project review and establish a comprehensive negotiation mechanism to protect the rights of stakeholders. He wished the best for constructions and look forward to the completion of the new complex.
For those who works standard day jobs, have you considered taking your bicycle out for a ride at Taipeis riverbanks after nightfall? The beautiful riverside scene will help you wash away the fatigue accumulated from a busy day at work.  The most important part of nighttime cycling is safety. The Hydraulic Engineering Office reminds cyclists to embark on the ride with a companion, as well as ensuring the basic riding gears are in place. It also offers a list of suggested trails.  For those enjoy the nighttime landscape, the Keelung River bike trail will take you through Dajia, Yingfeng, Meiti, Rainbow, and Chengmei riverside parks. The advantage of taking this route is the presence of many bridges along the way, including Dazhi Bridge, First MacArthur Bridge, Second MacArthur Bridge, and Rainbow Bridge. Without stopping, it takes roughly 30 minutes to make a round trip from Chengmei Bridge to Dazhi Bridge.  For those seeking a balance between exercise and snacks, why not take the route passing by Dadaocheng wharf, Guting riverbank, and Rainbow Bridge? The plaza at Dadaocheng wharf boasts a dining area featuring exotic cuisine, with Yongle Night Market located within walking distance from the evacuation gate. The Gongguan commercial district is only 10 minutes on bicycle from the riverside park exit. Of course, dont forget to visit Raohe Street Night Market, which is a mere five-minute walk from the Rainbow Bridge.  For those who simply want to enjoy the great outdoors, they can either start their rides at Guandu wharf or Dadaocheng wharf  two great places to watch the sunset and the waning lights from the riverbank. The riverside next to Shezidao also boasts one of the liveliest ecosystems along the Tamsui River.  The riverside bicycle trail of Taipei City spans 112 kilometers, connecting 28 riverside parks. Since 2013, HEO has worked with private sector associations such as the Taiwan Bike Association to implement policies such as trail expansion, division of pedestrian traffic and bicycle traffic, increase the number of signs and warnings, and strengthening nighttime lighting along the trails. 
With the arrival of cold spells and the Christmas season, the Taipei Expo Park Farmers market will continue to serve local residents during the weekend of December.  On the weekend of December 1, the spotlight will be on dates grown in Tainan. Winter is the season for enjoying ripe dates. The green-colored fruit tasting fresh and crispy during each bite will only entice you to eat one after another. In addition to being a delicious fruit in its own right, dates can also be used to cook entrees such as pork shanks soup with sweet dates and stir-fry pork with green dates.  In the following weekend of December 8, visitors can enjoy a great opportunity to pick up oranges and black garlics from Yunlin County. Black garlic is created from garlic undergoing natural ageing, which results in reduced spicy taste. It is used for dish spices or can be enjoyed as a kind of snack.  For the weekends of December 15, December 22, and December 29, the Farmers Market will be holding the National Agricultural Produce Weekend. Furthermore, visitors both young and old can take part in the DIY sweet rice ball lessons at the Winter Solstice Sweet Rice Ball Fun event on December 22 and 23. They can even cook the sweet rice balls on the spot and enjoy hot soup amidst the cold winter breezes.   For more information, please visit the official Facebook Chinese fan page of the Taipei Expo Park Farmers Market (https://www.facebook.com/%E5%8F%B0%E5%8C%97%E8%8A%B1%E5%8D%9A%E8%BE%B2%E6%B0%91%E5%B8%82%E9%9B%86-723721420993772/?hc_ref=ARRAGFV4BTUg6VIvO7CjNz32LrAo7hLf7eJphpWfRmZjcRln8RnCk_nNclo24ICu0CU&fref=nf) or the fan page of the Department of Economic Development (https://www.facebook.com/doed.taipei/), as well as visiting the official website of the Farmers Market (http://www.expofarmersmarket.gov.taipei/). 
With Christmas around the corner, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) has joined hands with Liberty Stationary Corporation to organize the Picasso on Ice: Im Good at Scribbling event, inviting kids and grownups who love to draw to demonstrate their art skills at the ice rink!  After finishing work on the ice, the participant can bring home their water color box. They can also take part in an online competition by simply taking a picture of the art piece and upload the shot to his or her Facebook page and tag # and #. The top 10 works garnishing the most thumbs-up will receive a Taipei Arena tumbler.  A total of three sessions will be available on each of the following days for sign-up: December 15 (Sat.), December 16 (Sun.), and December 23 (Sun.). The beginning time for each of the 60-minute session will be as follows: 12:30PM, 2:30PM, and 4:30PM. The maximum number of participants for each session is 50 individuals.  Registration is accepted via phone or on site at the Taipei Arena starting December 3. To register, please call the registration hotline (TEL: 02-2578-3536, ext. 701 or 702). Tickets include adult ticket (NT$100) and pair ticket admitting 1 parent and 1 child in elementary school or under (NT$150).  For more information, please call the 24-hour customer service hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline. Details are also available on TRTCs Chinese website: http://www.metro.taipei/
The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) is holding an exhibition showcasing submitted photos to its Instagram account at the central lobby of city hall between November 22 and 27.  To promote Taipei Travel Nets Instagram account and encourage photo submission by the public, the exhibition has chosen Undiscovered Taipei as the theme to promote local scenes and stories which differ from those that appear on the city governments campaign and advertisements.  In addition to the regular shots of well-known destinations such as Taipei 101 and the North Gate, the exhibition featured photos from a different perspective, such as the flower-ridden landscape of Yangmingshan and Dadaocheng Wharf in the fading lights of sunset. For those interested in taking selfies, the organizer has set up a large-size Instagram selfie frame at the venue.  According to TPEDOIT Commissioner Chen Su-yu, the Taipei Travel Net Instagram photo submission activity has accumulated over 6,000 photos. She promised that there will be more submission categories in the future, and submissions by the public will appear on a wide range of platforms, such as MRT Ad Boxes and Taipei Pictorial magazine.  To encourage submissions, individuals who submit photos featuring scenes from Taipei City before December 9 and tagged with # will have a chance to win limited edition postcard sets and special calendars.  Link to Taipei Travel Nets IG account: https://www.instagram.com/taipeitravel/?hl=zh-tw Link to Undiscovered Taipei Magazine Front Cover Generator: https://www.travel.taipei/undiscoveredtaipei/ 
In an effort to incorporate the beauty of surrounding attractions into the MRT stations, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) has refurbished parts of the interior of MRT Yongchun and Houshanpi stations with elements of Yongchun Slope and Wetland Park and Houshanpi pond.  As the first MRT stations to undergo beautification efforts this year, the two stations added ecological factors in setting up the interior arts and deco pieces. For MRT Yongchun Station, the scops owl  the spokesbird for the wetland park in the vicinity  forms the main theme of the public artwork Wetland Night Patrol. The bird is surrounded by various green plants and animals, symbolizing the diverse ecosystem of the wetland.  On the other hand, MRT Houshanpi Station showcases the work City Oasis which transforms the station scene into the living room of ones home. With a vast green landscape outside the rooms window, viewers can enjoy the relaxing site as they walk through the area after a days work, as they bask in the imagination of natures breeze.   The creation of a public artwork may be challenging at times, since the 3-dimensional object itself must correspond accurately with those on the base map. Therefore, numerous adjustments and modifications have to be made throughout the process. Also, to ensure the uniqueness and feel of the actual product, the artist even visits the factory to add their personal touch on the finished piece.  For more information, please call the TRTC 24-hour service hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline. Details are also available on the companys Chinese website (http://www.metro.taipei/).
The Department of Labor announced the winner of the 2018 Labor Film Competition on November 21. The first place honor  along with a cash prize of NT$300,000  went to Lu Yu-juis work Squid Jigging Fishing Boat.  The documentary presents the challenging environment of fishermen working on deep sea fishing vessels through a diary-like format. The story recounts the days spent on the fishing boat from the start of the journey in Kaohsiung to the destination near the Falkland Islands.  The second place winner, which went home with a prize money of NT$100,000, is the work of producer Yuan Yuan in conjunction with Taiwans STS team which explores the topic of the RCA (Radio Corporation of America) plant pollution controversy and how the affected factory workers fought for their rights over 23 years.  Currently in its 12th year, the Labor Film Award places the spotlight on films and documentaries where workers or labor-related incidents take on the leading role. The objective of the competition is to encourage filmmakers to tell stories from the laborers perspective, introducing the stories of workers to the public in the form of visual records.  Since its establishment in 2007, the film competition has uncovered nearly 180 valuable records highlighting the life of the working class in Taiwan. This years competition attracted 69 films, with 53 works entering the final round.   For more information, please visit the Chinese activity website (http://laboraward.bola.taipei/) or the visual and audio section of DOLs Chinese website (https://bit.ly/2JQaZZu).
In light of anticipated shopper turnout during the upcoming Costco Black Friday sales at the Neihu store of Costco lasting from November 23 through 25, the Neihu Police Precinct has announced the traffic control during this period:   Strengthening traffic directing for the following area: Jiuzhong Road Section 1, Minquan East Road Section 6, Minshan Street, and Xinhu Third Road. Duration of traffic control measure implementation: 7 AM through 10 PM from November 23 through 25. Details on road sections with strengthened traffic directing efforts: 	 Intersection of Jiuzhong Road and Minquan East Road Section 6 Parking entrance and Main Gate of Costco (Address: No. 268, Jiuzhong Road Section 1) Intersection of Jiuzhong Road and Xinhu Third Road Intersection of Xinhu Third Road and Minshan Street Entire section of Minshan Street Intersection of Minshan Street and Minquan East Road Section 6     The Neihu Police Precinct reminds the public to take public transportation to the store and follow the directions of store staff when entering the store. They should avoid queuing on public pedestrian walkways. For drivers, they should follow the directions of store personnel and volunteer traffic personnel. The Police Department will dispatch additional personnel to maintain traffic order in surrounding areas during the period as well.  
The New Constructions Office announced that all 34 buildings  including 3,408 residential units and 82 store units  which served as the athletes village during the 2017 Summer Universiade has been retrofitted and is ready to serve as social housing communities in compliance with the central governments policy.  According to the agency, it is currently conducting the check and handover operations for the remaining residential and store units of D section. Occupants are expected to move in starting February 1 of 2019.  During previous phases, the first floor space of A3 building now houses the exhibition center for the Small and Medium Enterprise Administration.  The handover process for the residential and store units for A, B, and C sections to the Construction and Planning Agency (CPA) and the National Housing and Urban Regeneration Center (NHURC) have been completed on September 3, with residents and stores moving in starting November 1.  The complex will be managed and operated by both CPA and NHURC after all properties have been transferred to the central government. The facility will provide a boost to the supply of housing in the Greater Taipei region, helping to alleviate the pressure of daily living for the public.
The Department of Information and Tourism has joined hands with design company STAYREAL to release a new line of attire products combining the theme of undiscovered Taipei with images of the citys North Gate.  According to the agencys data on tourists and their spending habits from 2017, a total of 9.7 million international travelers visited the capital city last year, with growth in the number of Korean, American, Hong Kong, Macau, and Japanese tourists.  Citing visits to trade shows in Indonesia, Philippines, Vietnam, Thailand, Japan, and Korea, Commissioner Chen Su-yu remarked that the results have been fruitful and acquired a better understanding on the importance of creating a brand for the city.  To introduce elements symbolizing new vitality into Taipeis city brand, the agency invited STAYREAL to design a line of product, which included T-shirt and canvas bag based on the three colors of yellow, black and white.  No2Good, the head designer from STAYREAL, pointed out that the impressions of overseas visitors have about Taipei City were integrated with those of a local guide, resulting in the incorporation of themes of Foodie, Fun Lover, and Hipster into the product line.  The attires from the Undiscovered Taipei x STAYREAL line will debut at the Taipei City Government pavilion during the upcoming Taipei International Travel Fair starting November 23.  
As a part of the overall East District Portal Project, the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) completed the refurbishment of Nanxing Park, reopening the facility to the public.  Located at the intersection of Nangang Road Section 1 and Xingzhong Road, the park was inaugurated in 1978 as a community park. It is situated to the south of the Nangang District Office and north of Nangang Railway Station.  With the increasing importance of the railway station as a traffic hub, the park parameters have suffered from the growing impact of surrounding traffic, exposing park users to related hazards and added inconvenience. To remove the inconveniences parks users have experienced and boost the safety of the surrounding environment, PSLO initiated the renovation plans in June.  According to PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan, the park incorporates the concepts of sponge city, universal access, green vitality forest, and station-front plaza into its design to improve the service quality provided by public spaces.  He added that the overhauled park reorganizes traffic and pedestrian flows in a safer manner while adding to the area of green space and open plaza. New facilities also provide kids with outdoor recreation areas and absorb rain water to reinforce underground water resources and strengthen activities of microorganisms residing in the soil, obtaining a more balanced eco-envrionment.   The renovation project of Nanxing Park was carried out starting in June of 2018. Construction was completed in October of the same year. 
Grand Opening of Taipei Biennial 2018  Source: Taipei Fine Arts Museum   November 16, 2018  Taipei: The 11th edition of Taipei Biennial will open to the public from November 17, 2018 at the Taipei Fine Arts Museum (TFAM), where an international list of 42 individual and group participants from 19 countries and territories will be present until the exhibition closes on March 10, 2019. The first segment of the biennials talks programme will be held between November 17-18, inviting internationally acclaimed speakers to explore sub-themes of Re-naturalizing Citizenship, Democratizing Boundaries and more.  Co-curated by Mali WU and Francesco MANACORDA, with the title Post-NatureA Museum as an Ecosystem, the biennial will focus on the interconnectivity of ecosystemic structures formed between humans and nature and aims to serve as a platform for social experimentation, and the generation of new interdisciplinary possibilities for long-lasting, community-driven, bottom-up synergies. To achieve this core curatorial vision, the two curators have invited a diversified lineup of participants, ranging from visual artists, architects, video workers to non-profit organizations (NGOs) and social activists amongst others, to create a cross-disciplinary discourse in response to the theme of the biennial. For the biennial this year," co-curator Mali WU explains that the two curators have adopted a ""creative practitioners"" approach to select each individual and group participant", and also the final presentation plans. Participants at the biennial are not only confined to those at the exhibition site," but also  as the co-curators believe  to the speakers as well as the public participants at eco-lab who altogether undertake a creative yet pragmatist role to tackle the subject at hand.  The robust lineup of participants for the 2018 edition of Taipei Biennale brings intrinsically stimulating projects that allude to the relationship between human and environmental ecology. Under the thematics of ""Post-Nature"" and the ""Ecosystem""", the works investigate the impact of foreign species on local ecology, environmental issues such as land and air pollution, as well as climate and environmental change. A wide array of topics will be presented in the exhibition hall to invite an open dialogue, allowing the museum to serve as a platform encouraging discussion and exchange of ideas," and directly respond to the curatorial proposition of ""a museum as an ecosystem"".  Francesco MANACORDA says", Conversations between practitioners of different fields and discursive investigations are at the very center of the Biennials structure and methodology this year. The necessity of re-negotiating the relationship between man and the environment as a mutually dependent and responsible one has formed the backbone of the talks programme. We hope that through this biennial, visitors can be inspired to find new perspectives and solutions for a more sustainable future.  Highlight presentations in this Taipei Biennial include Anthropocene, 2018, created by Ruangsak ANUWATWIMON (1975, Thailand). Anthropocene is a rolling landscape comprising twenty delicately-colored overlapping mounds of polluted soil, collected from sites across Taiwan. Although human civilization is less than a million years old, our chemical residues are deeply deposited throughout the Earths soil horizons, where they will remain indefinitely. The artist hopes to explore issues of ethics and human morality regarding regional land through this artwork. and encourage wiser and more positive human environmental action.  AU Sow-Yee (1978, Malaysia) will exhibit A Love Story of Life and Death: Coconut Forest, Belle of Penang, and Intelligence Agent, 2018, a three-channel video and sound installation. Designed as a film set which humorously mimics the Southern Pavilion from the 1935 Taiwan Exposition, the film charts Taiwans colonial history through an unlikely romance between a missing intelligence agent and the Belle of Penang (Bin Cheng Yan). In the early twentieth century, the imperial Japanese government attempted to transform northern South Taiwan into a paradise, as a way of providing a test case for further expansion into Southeast Asia in the future. A theatrical murder mystery of sorts, this performative installation invites viewers to reimagine the relationships between Japan, Taiwan, and Malaysia, exposed through their political and botanical connections.  Laila Chin-Hui FAN (1965, Taiwan) has been recording natural soundscapes since the age of 7, and has dedicated her practice to developing more sensitive and representative methods of listening to the land. In 2013, she launched the Silent Trail Project which promotes the safeguarding of natural soundscapes. For this Taipei Biennial edition, Chin-Hui FAN has designed Yuanshan Sound Walk, a sensory experience, guided by the artist herself, along the path of Scenery Near Yuanshan, a painting created in 1928 by Taiwanese artist, KUO Hsueh-Hu. During this walk, Chin-Hui Fan intends to arouse the participants sense of hearing in order to facilitate a better understand of environmental changes through sound.  La Charada China, 2018 created by Candice LIN (1979, USA), focuses on how plants are entangled with human lives. Cultivating the growth of poppy flower, sugarcane, and poisonous plants from the Caribbean, as well as an anthropomorphic-shaped mound composed of red clay and guano stamped into the earth, are central to this installation. During the course of the exhibition, the daily act of caretaking and watering required to encourage these plants to emerge from the earthen body, traces how historically, addiction to the opium poppy was weaponized and used biopolitically by Europeans to manipulate trade advantages. Using such a notion as a framework, this installation spawns references to contemporary crises of human trafficking, forced labor and migration.  Vivian Suter (1949, Argentina) lives and works in the southwestern Guatemalan Highlands. Suters practice is situated very much between the inside and the outdoors, with works that start in the studio, and completed with natural elements, including rain, wind, mud, plants and insects. Instead of pictorial landscapes or illustrative portraits of nature, Suters works are intuitive emotional responses to her immediate surroundings, and therefore profoundly shaped by both the changing seasons and independent upheavals in her environment. For Taipei Biennial, Suter has developed a new series of paintings, produced over a period of days, at a tea plantation in the Lala Mountain of Taiwan. Having never visited Taiwan before, the artist has decided to make her work in situ in order to dislocate herself from her studio in Guatemala and to incorporate her first impressions of the Taiwanese landscape into the work.  Mycelium Network Society (MNS) is a collective artist project endeavoring to investigate the unique abilities of mycelium, a collective name given to thread-like networks of fungal cells which share and process information. For this occasion, MNS has developed a functioning model of a mycelium network which demonstrates its innate capacity to relay information, working in symbiosis with all other roots and plants. Following the molecular structure of Patulin, a toxic substance produced by fungus, this installation takes the form of 17 transparent acrylic atoms containing growing Ganoderma lucidum mycelium, and a series of custom-made sensors, transmitters and receivers. These electronic devices detect changes within the living mycelial atoms and transmit this information across radio frequencies, which spatializes the experience as audio within the installation.  In a new iteration of Henrik HKANSSONs (1968, Sweden) ongoing work at the entrance of Taipei Fine Arts Museum, Inverted Tree (Reflected), the artist has suspended a local tree, upside down. Hovering unnaturally above the floor, objectified, the tree has become a sculpture here, the artist appropriates the Duchampian concept of transferring non-art into art space. With its branches reflected endlessly in mirrors above and below its crown, the tree becomes a synecdoche for all plants, as well as the human relationship to and exploitation of nature. HKANSSON and MANACORDA both mention that the formal quality of Inverted Tree (Reflected) on one hand experiments with alternative ways of representing nature, on the other hand multiplies the environment that any tree may commonly be represented, from form, spiritual to symbolic values. Such augmented environment renders a state of fragility, therefore unequivocally putting its survival at an inevitable risk of disappearing. In the infinity room created by the double mirrors, dichotomies such as life and death, concreteness and abstraction, structure and chaos are shown as continuous rather than forever irreconcilable.  Founded in 2006, Taiwan Thousand Miles Trail Association is dedicated to the preservation of the natural beauty and cultural heritage of Taiwan through a network of hiking trails around the island. For Taipei Biennial, the Association will exhibit the research that they have accumulated over the years, showcasing their plans for the future, and also hosting walks and seminars throughout the duration of the exhibition. Three walking tours will be organized in December including From Kuo Hsueh-Hus Scenery Near Yuanshan (1928) to Theres Paradise in Yuanshan(1987) which will explore Jiantanshan Trail and Yuanshan Water Shrine Walk Rescue the Urban Natural Island which will go through Jingmeishan Xianjiyan Coast Guard Administration Section of Eco-Craft Trail Walk and Enter Taipei City through Century-Old Danlan Trail which will go from Fuzhoushan to Zhongpushan Walk.  Ping LIN, Director of Taipei Fine Arts Museum, further adds, This years Taipei Biennial also considers imminent issues, including environmental and survival concerns for human beings that arise from recognizing our past identities, the onset of political and global financial crises, as well as advanced information and technology developments. As the anchor of Taipei Biennial, the museum, in essence, is the central nervous system for these presentations. Given such experimental approaches, the museum functions as a professional cross-disciplinary platform for discussions, which will stimulate more evaluations and resonance for our ecology. This years Taipei Biennial re-examines issues of nature and ecology through open discussions and encourage conversations with the museum to explore the possibility of a process-oriented curatorial mechanism. Through speculation and experimentation in contemporary art, each individual and group participants explore how humans can ultimately ensure the longevity of humanity in this current era, via their multifaceted forms of art practice and creation processes.  Full participating list: Ruangsak ANUWATWIMON, Martha ATIENZA, AU Sow-Yee, Ursula BIEMANN, Alexey BULDAKOV, Huai-Wen CHANG + MAS (Micro Architecture Studio), Ting-Tong CHANG, Jui-Kuang CHAO + Tainan Community University, Julian CHARRIRE, CHEN Chu-Yin+Solar Insects Vivarium Workshop, Lucy DAVIS, ET@T, Laila Chin-Hui FAN, Futurefarmers, Tue GREENFORT, Ingo GNTHER, GUSTAFSSON & HAAPOJA, Henrik HKANSSON, Helen Mayer HARRISON & Newton HARRISON, Jeffrey HOU & Dorothy TANG, HSIAO Sheng-Chien, HUANG Hsin-Yao, Indigenous Justice Classroom, KE Chin-Yuan + Our Island, KHVAY Samnang, Kuroshio Ocean Education Foundation, Candice LIN, Zo LINWeed Day, Duane LINKLATER, LU Ji-Ying, Nicholas MANGAN, Jumana MANNA, Mycelium Network Society (Franz XAVER + Taro + Martin HOWSE + Shu Lea CHEANG + global network nodes), Open Green, Allan SEKULA, Rachel SUSSMAN, Vivian SUTER, Keelong River Watch Union, Taiwan Thousand Miles Trail Association, WU Ming-Yi, Robert ZHAO Renhui, and ZHENG Bo (listed in alphabetical order by surname).  
The Walt Disney characters Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse will be celebrating their 90th birthday in Taipei! Joining hand with Walt Disney Taiwan, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) will be holding the 2018 Embrace Carnival at the Xinyi Champs Elysees Plaza between November 16 and 18 to celebrate the occasion.  In addition to displaying a series of commemorative artworks by illustrators and artists, the showcase will also feature a Taipei Leisure Walk hands-on experience area as well.  On November 18, the Mickey Birthday Fun Party will offer fans a chance to meet Mickey and Minnie, with pop artists Bii, Cest La Vie, WONFU, Queen, The Wanted, and Emma Wu taking to the stage to perform renowned Disney theme songs and wish the mascots happy birthday!  Fans can also take the opportunities to ride on the Mickey Mouse themed trains running on the local MRT network, first launched in August. Between November 16 and 18, the Mickey-themed train carriage with the New Year Eve Countdown Party as the spotlight will be displayed at the event venue. This promises to be a great opportunity for enthusiasts who have yet had a chance to board this train to take some quick shots.  The themed trains will run through January 2, 2019.  Furthermore, individuals who search for  on Facebook between 2 PM and 6 PM on November 16 and 17, and check-in at the designated locations and leave a message tagging # will be eligible to enter a raffle offering prizes ranging from table calendars to Mickey Mouse postcards.  For more information, please visit the Chinese website of the 90th anniversary event: (https://www.niusnews.com/event/mickeyfunparty2018). 
The Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) reported that the number of participants of the agency-sponsored cross-city hike event has reached the milestone of 100th individual!  To encourage citizens to join the ranks of hikers and adventurers, in addition to offering those who complete the challenge one sports towel, it has decided to present each 100th individual (100th, 200th, 300th , etc.) a special souvenir.  According to the agency, the complete 92-kilometer trail of the cross-city hike was first announced at the press conference on September 17. Reports of individuals completing the challenge began to arrive during the first week, with the 100th participant finishing the hike within the first two month.  Chief Chen of GEOs Industrial and Trail Section pointed out that the details of the grand trail can be found on either the agencys reactional activity website or its Facebook fan page (see below). Interested individuals can also pick up the activity brochure of the hiking trail challenge at the agencys office. He noted that hiking is an ideal activity for the autumn season and invites the public to try out and complete the once-in-a-lifetime challenge.   For more information on the cross-city hike, please visit the activitys Chinese Facebook fan page (https://www.facebook.com/Taipei.Trail/), the Chinese website of GEOs recreational activity listing (http://gisweb.taipei.gov.tw/release/), or the Chinese website of the agency (http://www.geo.gov.taipei).
With the arrival of migratory waterfowls, the Animal Protection Office (APO) has teamed up with the Wild Birds Society of Taipei to offer ten sessions of free eco and bird-watching tours at the Huajiang Wild Duck Nature Park in November and December!  Beginning with birdwatching activities, the tours will take participants around the park to conduct observations of local wildlife  from amphibians to planktons to wetland plants. Visitors will have a chance to learn more about the human influence and ecology of the nature park, as well as the importance of eco-friendly lifestyle involving energy conservation and cutting back on the use of plastic.  To register, please visit the online registration website (Chinese): https://reurl.cc/DglaR. Positions are limited and available on a first-come-first-served basis.  According to APO, the Dahan Xindian Wetland was designated National Level Vital Wetlands by the central governments Construction and Planning Agency during a key meeting on wetland assessment in 2007. The Huajiang Wild Duck Nature Park is located in the core area of the Dahan Xindian Wetland, boasting open terrain with significant volume of sediments and organic matters to support a lively ecosystem comprising rich benthic and aquatic organisms.  For more information on the activity, please visit the Chinese website of either the Wild Birds Society of Taipei (https://reurl.cc/KAdvj) or the Chinese website of APO (http://www.tcapo.gov.taipei/)
Taipei Public Library has collaborated with Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation to set up a new FastBook Book Borrowing Kiosk near exit 2 of the MRT Xingtian Temple Station. The kiosk will open to the public on November 16.  To better serve readers who take the MRT, TPL will dispatch staff members to the location of the FastBook kiosk at MRT Xingtian Temple Station to process applications for library cards between November 16 and November 20, from 1:30 PM to 5 PM. On site applicants will also receive a free gift which is limited in supply.  Also, to encourage the public to make use of the book borrowing kiosk, TPL will also hold a raffle event. Readers who borrow three or more books at once from the kiosk will receive 1 raffle opportunity (maximum of 1 draw per day). A total of 100 prizes will be given away through the raffle.  The FastBook Book Borrowing Kiosk at MRT Xingtian Temple Station is the 10th book borrowing station set up by TPL. The facility offers around-the-clock services spanning self-help book borrowing, returning, and deadline extending, as well as searching the inventory of the kiosks.  Other sites with installed FastBook kiosks include the follows: First floor of TPL Main Library Taipei Railway Station B1 waiting area (next to TRA platform 3) Entrance of Taipei City Youth Development Office First floor of Taipei City Hall Tri-service General Hospital TRA Songshan Railway Station B1 Exit 1 of MRT Xinyi Anhe Station Exit 1 of MRT Taipei Arena Station and TRA Nangang Railway Station B2. 
The Department of Economic Development (DOED) announced the start of the 2018 Taipei International Startup Week on November 13. The series of event will take place at a number of venues across Taipei between November 13 and 18.  Starting with the Startup@Taipei matchmaking event, attendees listened to the briefings presented by 8 startup groups assisted by the Stars of Tomorrow Incubation Program.  The panel judges for the event includes not only venture capitalists and angel investors from the Netherlands, Vietnam, Philippines, and Hong Kong, but also representatives from major players such as Harbringer Venture, Cathay Holdings, Chunghwa Telecom, Kelti Group, Top Taiwan Venture Capital, and more.  Following the presentations, the jury decided to present the Gold Award to the group from Instant Nano Biosensors Corporation, winning award equivalent to NT$30,000 and exposures on local investment news network. The teams from SIMPower and GranDen brought home the silver award and bronze award, securing incentives of NT$20,000 and NT$10,000 respectively.  For the latter part of this week, a series of event for Startup Week will take place at various locations, including the XR Summit on November 14 the Meet Taipeis Exhibition at Taipei Startup Hall from November 15 through 17, and the Pop up Asia exhibition from November 15 to 18.
In celebration of Doctors Day, Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji attended the Special Contribution and Outstanding Doctors Award Ceremony organized by Taipei City Hospital (TCH) on November 12.  During his address, Teng expressed his well-wishes to the attending doctors and teachers on behalf of Mayor Ko Wen-je. He also took the opportunity to say thank you to the doctors and nurses.  The deputy mayor attributed the improvements in Taipeis medical environment and doctor-patient relations over recent years to the efforts of those in the audience. He cited himself and his family members as examples of patients who have received great care from local medical professionals.  Recalling his visits to Renai Hospital campus over the past two decades, Teng pointed out that the changes have been quite evident. He even saw the superintendent of the hospital personally remove litters from the floor. It is this kind of doctor-patient relation which helps establish a feeling of trust, which is the long term result of endless work on the parts of hospital personnel over the years.  According to Teng, since Superintendent Huang Sheng-jean took over the helms of TCH, the institution has been deeply involved in the promotion of community medical care and homecare, winning praises from the public. It took a lot of effort on the part of staff members to endure the challenging process.  He joked that among the programs implemented by the city government, only the parts handled by Superintendent Huang avoided reprimands from the mayor, primarily because the mayor himself is a doctor and shows full support for medical care-related policies. 
The Wenshan First Police Precinct organized anti-crime promotion activities at the Wenshan Art Festival to raise awareness on the fight against fraud and drugs.  Visitors at the police booth can take part in a quiz game, with winners bringing home small souvenirs.  With local elections around the corner, the awareness campaign also highlighted the topic of anti-vote-buying and vote-selling, as well as the hotline for reporting such incidents. The police also took the opportunity to remind the public on hazards related with making online friends, domestic violence, and sexual assaults, as well as providing tips on taking precautions.  Each year, the Wenshan Art Festival takes place in Wenshan District between October and December, with Performing Arts School 36 linking up the various venues in the local community  from Wenshan Theater to NCCU Art and Culture Center to Wenshan District Civic Center.  In addition to exhibitions, workshops, seminars, performance arts, and visual and imagery arts, the Weshan Pasture Concert integrates performances by local community and residents with a flea market showcasing the creativity of local businesses and vendors. The concert event took place at 2 PM on November 10 at the construction site of Hengguang Elementary School. 
Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji attended a charity event organized by the Lions Club 300A2 district at the Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall on November 10.  During his speech, Teng noted that the event is extremely helpful to charity efforts in surrounding areas and 5 other administrative districts.  The contributions by many people  in terms of both cash and work  saw results at every corner of the society. That is why efforts to safeguard childrens health and anti-drug campaigns are able to be conducted across the board.  The deputy mayor remarked that numerous borough chiefs from five administrative districts brought members from their respective communities to the meeting today. The visitors are interested in the messages promoted by the organizers spanning health awareness to diabetes to cancer, as well as the anti-drug campaign.  The deputy mayor thanked the organizers and the audience on behalf of the mayor, who is scheduled to appear at a televised debate in the afternoon. Teng stressed that the mayor is thankful for the assistance provided by the Lions Club to the city government, and he will try to show up later in the day to express his personal gratitude. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the sixth Taipei International Modeling Arts Festival and first Taipei Cosmetics Material Award on November 7.  During his address, the mayor noted that the city government offers assistance in venue, MRT, advertisements on buses, and subsidies as well as resource access to help promote Taiwanese cosmetic products as global brands.  Ko remarked that the Modeling Arts Festival is now in its sixth year. As one of the backers of the event, the City hopes to create a platform that allows everyone to improve their field knowledge through exchanges and competitions. His expectations for local businesses is to make Taiwanese brands into global brands and establish international chains by using Taiwan as its base.  He noted that many companies from the industry have plans to head to mainland China or Southeast Asia. The fact is that rather than offering cash directly, the government provides assistances in the form of venues, as well as ad spaces on bus and MRTs. In general, the government has its own comprehensive promotion strategy, where promotion and subsidies can be arranged.  Recalling the international-scale modeling arts festival in 2017, Ko pointed out that the event held with the purpose of promoting the Universiade attracted 1,500 contenders from across 24 nations. This year, the International Beauty and Hair Association (OMC) certified event saw the attendance of roughly 500 participants.
Constructions are underway at 228 Peace Memorial Parks amphitheater to renovate the seating area. The dated wooden benches will be replaced by new facilities employing wooden parts, in the interest for preserving old memories.  According to the Parks and Street Lights Office, the old benches have been damaged severely by the elements over the years. The wear and tear over long period of time has rendered some of the equipment beyond repair, requiring replacement. Furthermore, the floor area has also seen overgrowth of tree root penetrating tile pieces at certain parts of the venue.   Renovation and replacement work of benches and tiles has commenced on August 31, with completion date slated for December 17, 2018.  Plans of the renovated area indicate that the renewed seating in the amphitheater will employ wooden parts combined with cement material, as well as a reorganization of walkways to create more spacey and comfortable seats while installing zones for disabled individuals and providing barrier-free access.  Furthermore, wider gaps have been left on the amphitheater audience area for the trees to grow their roots, thereby diminishing the impact of growing roots upon the pavement as well as expanding the future coverage of tree shades for the audience.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the 2018 Taipei Land Administration Week  Land Administration Reform 4.0 exhibition at city hall on November 6.  The event also featured an award presentation ceremony to honor judicial scriveners, property appraisal personnel, and real estate agents who showed outstanding performances.  During his address, the mayor lauded the efforts of the Land Administration Department (DOL) in implementing reforms in the field of land administration. Hopefully, through the organization of Land Administration Week, the public will have a chance to further understand how land administration affairs affect their life.  Citing the three elements of a nation being land, people, and government, land administration affairs are important duties for both the central and local authorities. Over the past 4 years, DOL has made smartization its priority, and the public will have a chance to learn more about the agencys achievements during the week-long activity.  The 2018 Land Administration Week consists of 28 activity sessions. In addition to the exhibition, there are also classes and seminars for those interested in the topic. The mayor remarked that having open access to land administration is a good thing, hoping that data transparency will make housing prices more reasonable. Information transparency, transaction security, and reasonable prices and taxes are important policies helping to make the real estate market more stable.
The Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that Plaza 3 at MRT Ximen Station will be made available for the public for recreational activities and dance practices starting today.  The plaza is open for the aforementioned activities between 8 AM and 9 PM daily without need for registration and on a first-come-first-served basis. The venue, located next to the intersection of Hankow Street Section 1 and Zhonghua Road Section 1, is within a short walking distance from Exit 6 of the station.  As utilization of the plaza is available free of charge, users will have to bring their own equipment and power source. They are also responsible for keeping track of their own possessions and activity volume, as well as ensuring that the activity does not endanger themselves or others.   The agency also reminds the public that smoking and alcohol consumption is banned at the plaza, as well as flier distribution, fund-raising, or other forms of commercial activities. Users are expected to abide by regulations under the Mass Rapid Transit Act.  Other TRTC sites open to similar purposes include the Jazz Plaza at Zhongshan Metro Mall and the B1 Corridor at MRT Banqiao Station.  For more information, please call the 24-hour service hotline of TRTC (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline. Details are also available at the companys Chinese website (https://www.metro.taipei/).  
The Taipei Hakka Education Center will be holding the opening event for the Students Works Exhibition for second semester courses at the Taipei Hakka Cultural Park at 10 AM on Saturday, November 10.  The opening event will kick-off with performances of Hakka songs, Hakka poetry, and children songs. Furthermore, a series of one-day classes will be available for visitors to attend, include DIY lessons on press-flower stickers, fancy cloth-and-paper bags, traditional dye method, painted coasters, and more.  In addition to promoting the achievements of students who attended second semester classes of 2018, the event will also consist of activities such as DIY classes, sample seminars, and song-singing activities to attract prospective students to sign up for upcoming classes in 2019.  The subjects for the second semester classes showcased include new agriculture, new art, new crafts, new fashion, and Hakka language and culture. Visitors at the venue can enjoy works spanning from outdoor artworks to pottery pieces to traditional blue color dye fabrics.  For more information, please visit the official Chinese website (https://www.tphkc.org.tw/) or Facebook fan page (https://reurl.cc/kV2Lq).
Mayor Ko Wen-je joined Kinmen County Magistrate Chen Fu-hai at the press conference announcing the future roadmap of pay.taipei service on November 5. The city government is collaborating with Kinmen County to implement cross zone collection of public service fees over the third party payment platform.  The mayor noted that to change Taiwan one begins with the capital, and he is more than honored to share city halls tech know-how with other municipalities. In the past, Taipei has worked with Kinmen on Internet security, as it is a challenge for the island county to develop a completely new internet security mechanism due to its small size. Therefore, the scope of coverage of Taipeis Internet security system includes Kinmen upon its completion.  The same principle applies with pay.taipei, which has incorporated Kinmen County public services into its development roadmap. In the future, residents of Kinmen County will be able to utilize the platform to pay water bills, parking fees, and even school-related payments.  Regarding Taipeis policy on smart payment, the mayor cited EasyCard as an example. He believes that by taking into account 80,000 city employees, 222,000 students across Taipeis elementary, middle, and high schools, and 440,000 senior citizen card holders, the implementation of cashless transactions in Taipei is completely feasible. Furthermore, the chances are even higher if we integrate smart payment with existing fintech knowhow. Many people think he was joking about eliminating cash and coins in two years time, but he is making serious preparations.  While the city demonstrates much potential in developing smart payment, the lack of an online payment interface creates a problem. If the Water Department wants to implement online payment, it has to work with payment service providers on its own, which involves a lot of hassles. That is why the city government decided to create the pay.taipei platform, creating an efficient interface that can handle the payment spanning parking fees to school fees. Users can download the app or access the website and simply select their payment of choice for the task. 
To celebrate the tenth anniversary of the Guanghua Digital Plaza, the merchants at the complex will offer a series of special deals and bargains, as well as several themed activities from November 3 through 25.  Since its opening in July of 2008, Guanghua Digital Plaza offers a wide selection of electronic goods as well as computer and laptops from well-known brands. The facility attracts buyers looking for good deals in these products.  On the weekend of November 3 through 4, the Acer e-Sport Party will recreate the e-sport experience with high-spec hardware and devices. Visitors can enjoy game challenges and try out glasses infused with the latest MR technology.  The Markets Administration Office (MAO) is collaborating with vendors in the building to offer visitors great discounts during the period. Shoppers who spent an accumulative NT$1,000 at the plaza can pick up one raffle ticket at the activity counter (2 raffle tickets for NT$2,000 or more, 3 raffle tickets for NT$3,000 or more, etc.) for a chance to bring home great prizes including computer, tablets, and power supplies.  In addition, customers who spend at least NT$1,000 for a single purchase can show their receipt at the information counter to receive a voucher worth NT$100. Each individual can exchange for a maximum of 3 vouchers, so get your while supplies last!  During the anniversary period, customers who pay for their merchandise using LINE PAY or JKOPAY can exchange for a free souvenir at the information desk by showing their transaction screen. For foreign shoppers, they can show a receipt from any of the shops at Guanghua Digital Plaza to exchange for a souvenir.  For more details, please visit the Chinese website of MAO: www.tcma.taipei.gov.tw
On November 3, the Le Diner en Blanc (Dinner in White) was held at the Taipei 101 plaza in Xinyi District, attracting roughly a thousand attendees dressed in white attire.   According to Mayor Ko Wen-je, the current trend is to approach the issue of urban planning from the humanistic perspective. It is finding a balance between using the public space to realize LOHAS lifestyle while at the same time ensure city aesthetics and ecosystem of nature.   The Parks and Street Lights Office pointed out that the Dinner in White event, which was started by a couple surnamed Pasquier in Paris back in 1988, is noted for the its all-white-color decorations and its requirement of attendees donning white attire. Another characteristic of the event is that the venues are only announced right before the event.  The event has acquired growing popularity over the years and is currently being held at nearly 90 cities across the world, including New York, Barcelona, London, and Sydney.  The city government joined hands with Luluyelife Company in organizing the first Dinner in White at the North Gate in 2017. By holding the outdoor event in an urban setting, participants will be able to enjoy the surrounding landscape, revitalizing the use of public space and promote the beauty of the city. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the inauguration ceremony of a new ramp connecting Huazhong Bridge to the Shuiyuan Expressway on November 1.  During his speech, the mayor pointed out that the ramp is an important part of the network of roads and bridges connecting Wanhua District to Zhonghe District in New Taipei City. Drivers from New Taipei City will often exit Hauzhong Bridge and take the ramp at the end of Fumin Road when heading to the Shuiyuan Expressway, taking them to Gongguan and Xindian.  He noted that due to the presence of both the First Fruit and Vegetable Wholesale Market and Fish Market in the vicinity, the traffic along Fumin Road is often congested during hours when trucks are loading and unloading goods at the respective markets.  In an effort to solve the frequent traffic jams on Fumin Road, the ramp has been extended to 755 meters and the vehicle lane widened to 5.5 meters. The motorcycle lane and pedestrian walkway have also been revamped accordingly.  Furthermore, room has been left for adding direct access connections to the future renovated markets. The structure will be added once the markets have been overhauled, ensuring a significant improvement of surrounding traffic conditions in the future.  
Over 16,500 cosmos flowers are in full bloom at the Meiti Riverside Park!  According to the Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO), the landscape is designed to give visitors a sense of warmth and welcome. Two gigantic teddy bears are placed at the entranceway of the park, and the smooth road of flowers wishes visitors a pleasant future. The cosmos flowers blooming alongside the road and riverbank decorates the surrounding in shades of yellow, white, and other colors.  HEO pointed out that the Cosmos bipinnatus and Cosmos sulphureus originate in Mexico, with blooming seasons starting in late summer and early autumn. From now until mid-November, visitors will be able to see the flowers in full bloom. The cosmos flower season is expected to last through mid-December.  To encourage the public to visit the riverside parks, HEO is holding a raffle event offering prizes ranging from ipad to GPS wristbands. Individuals can take a picture of themselves with the backdrop of flower scenes at the following locations: Meiti, Dajia, Zhongzheng, or Rainbow riverside parks. Upload the photo to related discussion thread on the Facebook fan page of the activity (see below) and include a message @location (location=place where the photo was taken).  The agency also reminds visitors to watch their footsteps when taking photos with the flowers and avoid stepping on the plants.  Riverside park activity fan page on Facebook (Chinese): https://www.facebook.com/TaipeiHEO/posts/2054882414592706
On October 31, Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the support beam installation ceremony at the construction site of Dalong public housing community and market.  During his address, the mayor expressed his gratitude to the residents and vendors collaboration in the urban renewal project. He looks forward to seeing the project become a successful example in the city governments effort to rebuild a complex formerly consisting of sea sand structures (units using cement embedded with sea sand as construction material, making them unsafe).  Despite the complex being declared sea sand structure in 2011 which required it to be dismantled and rebuild, no action has been taken before the start of his administration. He recalled visiting one of the households alone and decided that something has to be done when he saw the inhabitants wearing helmets to protect themselves against debris falling from the ceiling.  With the support of city council, the city government was able to obtain the necessary budget and began teardown the buildings in November of 2015. With reconstruction starting in March of 2017, he expects work to be completed in August next year and residents back in their new homes in October.  According to the mayor, the new residential and commercial building will be 13-story tall and consist of 4 basement floors. The marketplace will be located on the first floor, while the second through fifth floors will house the Social Welfare Department, Department of Environmental Protection, and Taipei Hardware Union. The residential units take up the sixth through thirteenth floor.  He expects facilities serving senior citizen and disabled individuals to set up shop at the second through fifth floor of the building, to ensure better services to members of the group living in northern Datong area.
The subsidy for elevator installation at old apartments seeks to fulfill the needs of senior citizens and physically-challenged individuals, as well as realizing the city governments vision of creating an elder-friendly city. Since 2015, the Urban Regeneration Office (URO) has been accepting applications for elevator subsidies targeting buildings over six stories and twenty years of age.  As of today, a total of 5 cases have been completed and 6 projects ongoing. An example of a completed case involves a 37-year-old building on Shidong Road in Shilin District. The 5-story building is the home to 10 households, with the majority being senior citizens who have a hard time moving up and down the staircase.  Having learned of the subsidy, the building manager surnamed Wu successfully obtained the consent of all households in the building to submit an application. The elevator was completed and license acquired in August of 2018, significantly increasing the convenience of building access.  According to URO, the deadline for the 2018 old building elevator installation subsidy is December 28. For each project, the maximum amount subsidized is NT$2 million for planning and construction. In the case where the proposed elevator facility complies with the city governments universal design standard, the limit will be raised to NT$3 million.  For citizens interested to learn more about the subsidy, please contact URO (TEL: 2781-5696, ext. 3158) or Tsuei Ma Ma Foundation for Housing and Community Service (TEL: 2365-8140, ext. 233). Information is also available via the Chinese website of URO (http://uro.gov.taipei/).
In the interest of promoting childrens playground policy and providing kids with a rich and fun-filled urban environment, the city government will by holding the Play for All: 2018 Special Traits Inclusive Playground Conference at Taipei Fine Arts Museum on November 1.  The conference centers on the topic on Achieving a City of Happiness through Playing, which is further into 3 subtopics. The organizers have invited international and global designers, as well as advocates of inclusive playground to share their experiences with the audience.  Discussions will explore the topic from the perspectives of city policies, rules and regulations, playground planning, and children involvement process. The participants will also talk about the achievements from implementing inclusive playgrounds in recent years.  Hopefully, the dialogues with the public will help the city devise playground plans which better meet the demand of users through the providing of a more diverse and inclusive play environment.  Due to limited seating at the venue, the Parks and Street Lights Office will arrange live-streaming of the conference on its Facebook fan page (https://goo.gl/KbMs76). The public is also invited to download the digital version of the conference pamphlet. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the ground-breaking ceremony for Hebin High School Foundation Public Housing Project in Neihu in the afternoon of October 29.  According to the mayor, the Hebin Public Housing is the city governments 17th public housing project to begin constructions. The goal of city hall is to commence work on 35 projects by the end of the year.  The total cost of the two buildings of the project  which has been renamed Xingshan Public Housing  is roughly NT$2.6 billion. Each of the building comprises 10 floors and 3 basement floors, and will together provide 526 housing units. The project is slated for completion in May of 2021.  The land on which the public housing is located was formerly the construction site of Hebin High School. However, the plan to build a school has been cancelled due to the decline in student population. Ko noted that the first and second floor of the complex will house facilities such as nursery school, senior citizen daycare center, and the future office space of Public Transportation Office.  The mayor remarked that the issue of traffic jams in Neihu District has been widely discussed. He stressed that it is not a problem of transportation, but a failure of urban planning. The area of surface roads remains unchanged despite a quadruple growth in population from 75,000 to 300,000. Furthermore, three entry points to the district  Chenggong Bridge, Chengmei Bridge, and Ziqiang Tunnel  must accommodate 150,000 commuters during rush hours on work days. Therefore, the first step towards tackling the traffic issue is to review urban plans.  Proposing that the best way is to live and work in Neihu, and that is why all the public housing combined  Ruiguang, Hebin, and Jiuzong public housings  can offer roughly 1,000 house units in total. He hopes that residents who work in Neihu can take advantages of these units, helping them reduce commuting time while lessening the burden on traffic in the vicinity. 
On October 29, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the inauguration ceremony for the first public bus route operated by electric bus. He joined city officials in taking bus route 66 all the way to city hall.  During his address, the mayor admitted that Taipeis progress in the implementation of electric buses is the slowest among the six direct-rule municipalities. Today marks the day of the creation of a brand new bus route served entirely by a fleet of electric buses.  According to Ko, the development of Taipeis transportation strategy is based upon 4 principles: sharing, green energy, digitization, and safety. Sharing emphasizes the 4 Us  YouBike, U-Motor, U-Car, and U-Parking. The YouBike system is fully developed and being replicated abroad. For U-Motor, the fleet of shared scooters has grown to 1500, and is expected to reach 3000 by the end of the year. The rental service for U-Car is now in place. As for U-Parking, the city government seeks to further integrate public parking lots through the app.  Describing the sharing economy as a global trend, the mayor stressed that 4U will be implemented. The next logical step would be green energy and growth of public transportation utilization rate. He hopes to boost the figure up to 70-percent from todays 40-percent.  The mayor stressed that he has high expectations for the new route. The effectiveness of the electric bus route will be examined later on. If the results prove satisfactory, he expects the city government to work towards expanding the fleet of electric buses to 400, with efforts focusing on the procurement of services rather than the purchase of hardware.  He took the opportunity to express his gratitude to Shin Shin Bus Company for investing in the establishment of the electric bus route. Once the pilot project is proven successful, the city government will work on replacing the vehicles operating metro bus lines with electric counterparts. 
On October 28, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the inauguration ceremony for the recently completed Exit 2 at the MRT Beitou Station.  During his address, the mayor expressed his gratitude to the Department of Rapid Transit Systems (DORTS) and the project team responsible for the construction.  One of the challenges for the project team, noted the mayor, is to carry out related work between midnight and 4 PM during the entire period. This significantly decreases the overall speed of construction efforts, and the city government will look for ways of improving the approach for future projects in similar areas.  Regarding requests by city councilors to add additional exits to MRT Mingde Station, the mayor remarked that he has instructed DORTS to assist in the matter. He promised that the city government will expand the number of exits at the MRT station if there is a need among local residents.  Ko pointed out that as one of the earlier rail network in Taipei, the initial design for the majority of stations along the Red Line comprises a single entry/exit point. However, with the development of urban areas and requests from citizens reflected through local leaders and representatives, the city government will evaluate the requests and devise corresponding plans if the demand is proven reasonable.  Boasting a daily passenger flow of 38,000 people, the new exit will help divert crowd flow and making the entry and exit speed faster at the station. Also, the new exit will also open up new business opportunities in the vicinity of the station.
To bring people closer to Buddhist supplies, the Taipei Buddhist Supply Commercial Association kicked-off the 2018 Divine Tour of Taipei  Buddhist Supply Cultural Festival on October 25.  This years festival boasts a greater scale than past years. The organizers noted that publically-acclaimed activities such as guided tours on culture and history, as well as traditional craftwork DIY classes, will also take place this year.  According to the Office of Commerce (TCOOC), the Buddhist supply industry of Taipei prides itself for its long history, with a large presence around the vicinity of Longshan Temple in Wanhua District and Ciyou Temple in Songshan District. Many of these shops have been in operation for multiple generations. The experienced craftsmen insist on handcrafted works in a show of respect to the gods and deities, as well as honoring the prized knowledge of Taiwanese traditional culture.  However, to respond to the changing times and needs of customers, the industry continues to revamp its operation methods and incorporate innovation, seeking a balance between preservation of traditional crafts while making Buddhist supplies more modern and diverse, bringing them closer to the people of today.  According to association chairman Chang Chen-hua, the purpose for holding the Buddhist Supply Cultural Festival is to allow the public to learn more about the traditional industry and the culture behind it. Last year, the 5 tour sessions attracted over 100 participants, while the DIY classes attracted many young people to learn from the elderly craftsman.  Starting November 10, the members of the Buddhist Supply Association will offer deals on budgets on related merchandise. For details, please visit the Chinese Facebook fan page (https://goo.gl/CKcQE2) of the association or the fan page of TCOOC (https://www.facebook.com/tcooc).
To promote Taipei as a destination for cruise tours, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) took part in the Seatrade Cruise Asia Pacific 2018 held in Shangai from October 23 through 25.  While Taipei has no direct access to ports, the travel time it takes for cruise passengers to arrive in Taipei from nearby ports is only 30 minutes, making it a potential destination. With its Michelin night market, cultural scenes, and convenient transportation options, Taipei offers many attractions to draw visitors in a rapidly expanding cruise market in Asia.  According to statistics collected by the Taiwan International Ports Corporation, the total number of cruise passenger arrivals in 2017 reached 1.1 million, which show a growth of 32-percent from 860,000 people in 2016. Over 90-percent of these visitors arrive on the island via the port city of Keelung.  The three-day-long trade show saw the attendance of 900-plus delegates from 34 countries and areas around the world, including municipal authorities of port cities, port management, industry players, business belonging to the port and cruise field, and more.  By setting up the Fun Taipei promotion booths at the event, TPEDOIT seeks to draw cruise tourists through its convenient transportation and hospitable environment. In addition, the publication of the Michelin Guide Taipei also enhances the citys status as a destination for gourmets and connoisseurs of fine cuisine.
Deputy Mayor Charles Lin attended the two-year anniversary of WeMo Scooter on October 24.  In addition to congratulating the firm for achieving the milestone, he also announced the signing of the MOU which will provide city hall employees with discounts on vehicle rental as an important step toward promoting green transportation.  The deputy mayor stressed that the core of Taipeis traffic development includes green energy, sharing, safety, and digitization. The Citys 3U approach spans YouBike, shared scooter, and Umotor. In 2018, the new aspect of smart parking Uparking has been included to the overall initiative, making it 4U.  With the joining of WeMo Scooter in 2017 to take up the role of Umotor, the company has become the scooter transportation provider with the largest scale of operation in Asia under the public-private collaboration mechanism. In October, the company celebrated the one millionth ride landmark and is expected to expand its fleet to 3000 vehicles by the end of the month. The company also hopes to see membership reach 100,000 by the end of the year.  According to DOIT, WeMo Scooter operates an IoT system around-the-clock. The agency hopes to realize collaboration between the company and Taipei City Road and Pipeline Information Center, thereby achieving a visualization of traffic-related statistics and trait which can be used as a reference for future smart transportation planning.
The 2018 Exciting Guandu Festival will kick-off this Saturday (October 27) at the Guandu Riverside Park Plaza. This year, over 100 groups taking part in both land and river processions will demonstrate the solidarity and spirit of the people of Guandu to the public.  Information and Tourism Commissioner Chen Su-yu noted that cultural and historical elements are vital to the formation of a city. The proactive stance of local residents and community helps to ensure the continuation of local traits and cultural essence. Such belief creates the basis upon which the collaboration between the Department of Information and Taipei National University of the Arts has been realized, seeking to convey the hospitality of the neighborhood to tourists visiting Taipei.  According to the event organizer, the Exciting Guandu Festival spotlights three main activities  parade, marketplace, and shows. The marketplace emphasizing local products and handicraft merchandise will kick-off at 10 AM. The parade will hit Zhixing Road with performances all along the way. Meanwhile, the mayor will participate in the rowboat procession which leaves from Shezi Bridge at 10:20 AM to meet the land processing at the Zhonggang River wharf.  To make way for the procession, traffic control will be implemented for Beitous Zhixing Road between 9:30 AM and 1 PM. Road users should take detours to avoid being caught in traffic in the vicinity during this period.  Also, the Taipei Cruise Company will operate 4 additional services on the day of the event, allowing visitors to tour the vicinity by boat with ticket discounts available by showing the Guandu passport.  For more information on the event, please visit the official Chinese website (http://www.guandu.tw/) or the Facebook fan page (https://www.facebook.com/guandu.tw/) of the activity.
With Halloween right around the corner, the much anticipated annual Shilin International Culture Festival will take place at the area in front of Dayeh Takashimaya Department Store (Zhongcheng Road Section 2) in Tianmu between 2 PM and 5 PM on October 27.  At the venue, visitors will find numerous booths including games area and DIY stands. To celebrate the upcoming Halloween, many of the activities feature monsters and spirits from nations across the world. Children can take part in fun activities, while others wearing costumes can take part in the showcase at the main stage.  Meanwhile, to encourage waste deduction and full use of resources, the organizers encourage participants to bring unwanted toys to the toy exchange. This will allow them to switch unwanted toys with others, maximizing the lifespan of these goods. There will also be street performers providing entertainment during the event.  In addition, a Halloween parade will take place at 2 PM on the day of the event, with Mayor Ko Wen-je, foreign dignitaries, and oversized mascots traveling the streets of Tianmu in the afternoon.  According to Shilin District Director Chiang Ching-hui, the Shilin International Culture Festival began all the way back in 1996 as the Tianmu Golden Rain Tree Festival. The occasion became an event sporting the unique characteristics of the local community. In recent years, the organizers have worked with Tianmu Marketplace Development Association to correlate the existing event with Halloween celebrations.  For more information, please call Shilin District Office (TEL: 2882-6200, ext. 6501) or visit the Chinese website of Tianmu Marketplace Development Association: (http://www.tianmu.org.tw/modules/news/article.php?storyid=1475&uid=). 
The 2018 Taiwan International Labor Film Festival kicked-off at the SPOT Huashan Cinema on October 20.  The theme of this years showcase is Let Democracy into Our Workplaces, with the work Can We do it Ourselves as the opening film.  During her address, Labor Commissioner Lai Hsiang-lin pointed out that the labor film festival is now in its third year, with past topics ranging from the generation of working and underpaid youth to the generation of the overworked. This year, the exhibition seeks to explore the potentials of the workplace with the audience, from democratic operations within businesses to workers participation in policy-making at the workplace  otherwise known as industrial democracy. This years theme challenges the publics imagination of the workplace to stimulate creativity and possibilities.   The movie showcase include 4 major subtopics, including Breaking down the Golden Legend, The Disadvantaged Workers, The Invisible Work-related Injuries, and Lets Work and Share Together.  Following two days of movies with free admission at SPOT Huashan Cinema on October 20 and 21, the organizers will hold 9 sessions of screening and discussions at the Taiwan Film Institute from October 22 through 28.  For more information on the Taiwan International Labor Film Festival, please visit the Chinese website: https://www.tilff.taipei/ 
The EIS Center in Neihu Technology Park was inaugurated on October 19. The event signals the beginning of operations of a local incubation center focusing on new energy technology and energy conservation.  To stimulate the development of startups in Taipei and to harness the knowhow in energy-related science and technology, the Department of Economic Development (DED) and Tesla Taiwan joined hands in establishing the EIS Center.  DED Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh noted that the agency initiated the Neihu Technology Park 2.0 Project in 2016, devoting 6 city-owned properties for the use of innovative businesses and startups to drive industry upgrade. One of the sites consists of the 1.46 hectare facility located near the intersection of Jiuzong Road Section 2 and Minquan East Road Section 6, which serves startups, R&D, incubators, and platforms for startup experience exchanges.  As an important part of the Neihu Technology Park 2.0 Project, the EIS Center seeks to become a demo site for energy-related innovations. In addition to functioning as office space for EV industry, the complex has also set aside space for facilities such as EV Experience Center and Education Internship and Energy Lecture Hall.  Furthermore, Tesla is working with over 40 colleges and universities in Taiwan to provide a total of 92 college students with internship opportunities. The effort is a step toward nurturing future talents in green energy and car industry, as well as introducing more green business and EV opportunities in Taipei.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening of the integrated Beitou Ecological Museum in the morning of October 18.  During his address, Ko pointed out that Beitou is a very interesting place boasting natural ecological sights and a history rising from its hot spring culture. Furthermore, the deeply-rooted civic involvement of the local community is an important key for making Beitou a unique place in terms of culture. He pointed out that the success of the Beitou City Museum depends upon whether the life and stories of historical buildings in the neighborhood can be brought to life.  Noting that in addition to Dadaocheng, Ko said the other city museums of Taipei include central city, south city, Bangka, and Beitou. He added that the origin of the city museum is Beitou, when then-city councilor Wu Su-yao encouraged him to visit the district. After visiting several times, he discovered that in addition to hot spring resorts, there are many things in terms of ecological landscape, history, and culture. He recalled that Young Marshall Zhang Xueliang resided in the area for many years, and it is also the place where Japanese kamikaze pilots stayed at before departing on their mission.  The mayor noted that the first step toward organizing the Beitou City Museum is to gather all city agencies with Deputy Mayor Lin as the committee head. An important stage of completion for related constructions is slated for October, and he is here to inspect the results.  Pointing out that the Beitou Hot Spring Museum used to be the largest public bath in East Asia, Ko stressed that the preservation of the facility is a witness to the strength of the civic society of Beitou. The people transformed a deserted site into a vibrant tourist attraction over two decades time. He recalled that the facility was temporarily closed for overhaul after Musician Chen Ming-chang finished his yueqin performance in 2017. The project cost the city government NT$24 million, and the facility will reopen on October 27.  In addition, the Hydraulic Engineering Office has also conducted strengthening operations for the riverbanks and channel of Beitou Creek, while the Parks and Street Lights Office carried out improvements for the two major parks in the area, including the entrance plaza and hot spring walkway at Beitou Park and the hotspring wash basin and landscaping of Qixing Park. While the entrance plaza of MRT Xinbeitou Station received a facelift, the first phase of reinstallation for the former Beitou Train Station building has also been completed, with completion for phase 2 slated for June of 2019.
The Taipei Hakka Affairs Commission will hold the 2018 Hakka Yi-min Carnival in Taipei on October 20th and 21st, and this is the thirtieth anniversary of the Restore My Mother Tongue Campaign, so the main theme and spirit of this event will be that of the 30th Hakka Festival. This event will invite the Yi-min temples and people from all over Taiwan to celebrate together in Taipei, and it is based on the Yi-min faiths reproduction of Taipei City with intrinsic Hakka features in a concise style. Moreover, Hakka cultural values will be presented and multiple cultures will be enriched in this event. With this event we expect to build the city art festival with the most Hakka features.  The Hakka Yi-min Festival is an annual large iconic Hakka cultural event in Taipei, whose plans this year are blessing, gratitude, and celebrating and the main visual designs adopting the spirit of Pop Art. Combining Hakka red and blue colors and shape patterns, this event uses attractive colors and natural and simple geometric lines to present a diversified, lively, and energetic atmosphere adding contemporary art color to Hakka, which is always considered traditional. Everyone is encouraged to speak Hakka by opening their mouths. Using The Dance of Matisse as an aid, this event uses the dancing people in this work to show that we appreciate the efforts and sacrifice of our ascendants with a joyful mood to celebrate the inheritance of Hakka language and Hakka culture and to show that Hakka is reborn after 30 years of the Restore My Mother Tongue Campaign.  2018 Hakka Yi-min Carnival in Taipei will hold the greeting the spirits procession at Taipei City Hall Square on October 20th , and will carry a load and parade the streets in front of Office of the President of the Republic of China on October 21st. Moreover, there are also performances from young Hakka students, contemporary and traditional art, and pop music at Taipei City Hakka Cultural Park, and people are welcomed to actively participate in the event to experience the most beautiful Hakka view in Taipei City. 
The historical neighborhood of Dadaocheng has made it to 3rd place on the list of popular destinations in Taipei based on a recent survey targeting international visitors conducted by the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT).  According to the survey, the largest group of visitors stopping by Dadaocheng belongs to the age group between 40 and 49 years old (24.7%), followed by the group 50 to 59 years old (23.4%). The historical district also attract visitors between the ages 20-29 (21%) and 30-39 (20.8%).  TPEDOIT Commissioner Chen Su-yu remarked that in addition to holding festivals and events at Dadaocheng, the agency also encourage locals to organize activities emphasizing local characteristics by offering tourism subsidies. It also worked with other city departments to coordinate major occasions such as Taipei Fringe Festival with the Department of Cultural Affairs and City Play Dadaocheng Nostalgia with Datong District Office.  Statistics show that the number of visitors served by the Dadaocheng Tourist Information Center in August of 2018 grew by 22% when compared to the figures from the same period in 2017. An employee at the center surnamed Chang pointed out that the Xiahai City God Temple is popular among young female visitors from Japan who are looking for potential spouses, while other tourists are attracted by the historical buildings in the neighborhood.  With the growing number of tourists, local residents and city hall have also carried out minor overhauls of the historical buildings, as well as improve facilities such as signs, pedestrian walkways, and underpass art galleries.  From today through October 31, the Dadaocheng International Art Festival will be taking place in the area, boasting numerous activities. The agency invites tourists to visit the neighborhood during this period.
With the start of both autumn and osmanthus season, the Department of Economic Development (DOED) has joined hands with Dakeng Cultural Association and various communities in Nangang District to organize the Nangang Tea Mountain Autumn Joy Festival on Sunday, October 21.  Taking place at the Nangang Tea Demonstration Hall, the event features a special performance of osmanthus fairies seeking out potential spouses, while male audience will take on the role of spouses (i.e. tea farmers) for a chance to catch the balls tossed by the fairies and becoming tea spirits.  Inside the venue, there will be spaces hosting tea-brewing demo show, as well as booths selling local products such as handicrafts, tea leaves, and rice cuisine. The organizers will also hold seminars on topics ranging from the history of local tea to DIY lessons. Visitors could also sign up for guided tours of Tea Mountain.  Located near the eastern borderline of Taipei City, Nangangs Tea Mountain is known as an important tea production center of Taipei. Roughly one century ago, tea growers in the area developed efficient tea production method, enabling the creation of the well-known Paochung Tea. Following the inauguration of the Nangang Tea Demonstration Hall in 2002 and the establishment of numerous hiking trails in the vicinity, it has become one of the popular destinations for Taipeiers to visit on the weekend to enjoy the outdoors and spend their leisure time.  To sign up for the activity, please visit the Chinese website of Dakeng Cultural Association (http://www.dakeng.tw/). More information is also available on the Chinese Facebook fan page of DOED: (https://www.facebook.com/doed.taipei/)
To commemorate Double Ninth Day and learn more about the daily life of senior residents, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited the Haoran Senior Citizens Home to work out and play pool with the elders.  During his address, the mayor noted that while advances in medical science enable elders to live longer, the important issue for long-term care is how to postpone the loss of bodily function and minimize being bedridden.  Haoran also introduced the concept of self-care assistance model, helping residents establish a self-managed living style maximizing their physical capabilities, which allows elders to depend on themselves and strengthen their self-esteem.  The mayor stressed that the city government must identify the most effective social welfare investment for its senior citizen welfare policies. The expectation is not to provide elders with temporary comfort relief, but to develop a comprehensive long-term care system that accompanies the needs brought by aging and available for all citizens. He also reminded elders to take part in more social activities and develop the habit of exercising, to make their life fun and exciting.  Haoran Senior Citizens Home is Taipei Citys only publically-operated, long-term care facility. The residents comprise elderly individuals without offspring and from low income households.
The farmers market at Taipei Expo Park will spotlight Taiwan tea this weekend (October 20 and 21). The organizers invite the public to come and taste the outstanding tea products at the event.  During the press conference organized by the Department of Economic Development on October 15, the agency invited 3 tea growers to share their experience in planting tea and how much effort theyve invested to achieve quality tea for their customers. The also discussed the key factors to brewing tea.  At the upcoming tea promotion, there will be booths providing hands-on tea leaf rubbing experience and introduction to the different kinds of tea. Participants will have a chance to expand their tea knowledge while enjoying the fine drink.  A number of discounts are also available at the booths during the tea promotion event. Customers can enjoy a 5-percent discount on all tea products purchased during the event. Those spending NT$3,000 or more on tea will receive a bonus Taipei Expo Park reusable shopping bag.  For more information, please visit the Chinese website of the Taipei Expo Farmers Market (http://www.expofarmersmarket.gov.taipei/) or its Facebook Chinese fan page (https://www.facebook.com/%E5%8F%B0%E5%8C%97%E8%8A%B1%E5%8D%9A%E8%BE%B2%E6%B0%91%E5%B8%82%E9%9B%86-723721420993772/?hc_ref=ARRAGFV4BTUg6VIvO7CjNz32LrAo7hLf7eJphpWfRmZjcRln8RnCk_nNclo24ICu0CU&fref=nf
To celebrate the reopening of the Xihu Market following extensive renovation and the newly-installed system enabling EasyCard transaction at the buildings food court, local vendors will be offering a raffle with prizes reaching NT$5,000!  Between October 16 and 31, market customers spending a total of NT$500 or more through their EasyCard during this period will be eligible for the raffle. For more information, please visit the Chinese website of the activity (https://www.easycard.com.tw/).  As the only public market located within a MRT station-integrated building in Taipei, the Xihu Market offers vegetable, fruits, and other food ingredient on the first floor, while the second floor houses a food court and a general shop section. It is a place often utilized by people working at the nearby Neihu Technology Park due to its selection of affordable dining options.  According to the Market Administration Office, one of the major reasons for the renovation is to resolve problems caused by physical wear and tear of the building, such as leaks on the market ceiling and weakening ventilation mechanism. Following the overhaul, the markets air quality is expected to improve thanks to the newly installed ventilation system and vendors adopting washable ventilator filters.  The food vendors also comply with the city governments policy on banning disposable and melamine eating utensils and implementing measures to strengthen food safety management to safeguard consumers health.
How often do you wear a suit? To promote the official wear, Taipei Tailor Commerce Association invited regular folks to take part in a formal wear fashion tournament and show to encourage the public to customize their own fashion statement. Joining hands with SOGO department store, the showcase allowed members of the public to experience the style and comfort of tailor-made attires.  A total of 61 participants competed in the finals, with 9 contest winners and 1 lucky raffle winner bringing home a free tailor-made suit each.  According to Economic Development Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh, the warmth of handmade goods always has a place despite the advancement of human society. With the history of Taipeis tailor-made suits industry going back for more than a century, its achievements have been quite impressive. Not only has it won 2 gold medals, 3 silver medals, and 1 bronze medal at the 27th Congress of Federation of Asian Master Tailors, local shops have also created suits for international leaders, demonstrating its international competitiveness.  Chairman Chuang Guang-rong of Taipei Tailor Commerce Association noted that the majority of people only wear suits during formal occasion. However, the classy attire is not only an indicator of personal taste and elegance, but also a great tool to highlight ones physique and personality as well.  To celebrate the occasion and to promote tailor-made suits, the member shops of Taipei Tailor Commerce Association will be offering various bargains and discounts from today through October 31! Dont miss this chance to acquire your own, personal custom suit!  For more information, please visit Taipei Formal Wear Time Facebook Chinese fan page (https://bit.ly/2QDpX75) or the one for the Department of Economic Development (https://www.facebook.com/tcooc).
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening ceremony of the Taipei New Cultural Movement Memorial Museum on October 14.  During his address, the mayor noted that the New Cultural Movement took place between 1920 and 1930, often regarded as a key event in Taiwans history. He noted that the decades time under the Japanese Colonial Period is considered one of the most active periods in terms of social and cultural event for the island.  Citing the founding of Taiwan Cultural Association, the establishment of Taiwan Minnbou (Peoples News), and the creation of organizations such as Taiwanese Peoples Party and Taiwan Workers General Alliance, Ko described the era as the short-lived golden years before the onset of a series of events such as militarization of Japan, World War 2, and the White Terror.  Ko pointed out that the importance of the New Cultural Movement in Taiwans history highlights the Taiwanese people pursuit of the spirit of self-determination and the desire to catch up with the rest of the civilized world. He also remarked that he feels closeness to the era because one of the key figures Chiang Wei-shui was also a graduate of NTU Medical School as well, and that his slogan for his mayoral campaign was Changes for Taiwan begins with the capital city, and changes for Taipei begins with culture. He also cited the position taken by the Taiwan Cultural Association, stressing that social movement will not succeed without changing the thoughts and culture of Taiwanese people.  On the creation of the Taiwan New Cultural Movement Memorial Museum, he pointed out that his idea is to establish a foundation for the museum which includes the whole community. The facility is the manifestation of the concept of the city as a museum. He encourages the public to get to know and to commemorate the era, as well as promoting the spirit of the era. He hopes that Taipei is not only a modern city, but also a city with history and culture.
To honor the members of civil defense corps who demonstrated outstanding performances, the city government organized the third Jinzan Award ceremony at the Great Skyview Hotel on October 11.  Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the ceremony and poised for photos with the award recipients and their family members during the event.  During his speech, the mayor remarked that the Taipei Citizens Civil Defense Crops was reorganized and admitted to the system as Taipei City Civil Guards Civil Defense Corps on January 1, 2003.  The leadership position of 14 civil defense squadrons in the city is usually held by private sector individuals. He noted that as a token of the city governments gratitude to the organizations dedication in supporting operations ranging from security to traffic safety, each leader of the civil defense squadrons will receive a custom-made police mascot.  The civil defense corps provides support for major security operations in Taipei, including the pre-Chinese New Year inspections, Wanan Air Drills, school campus safety, crime prevention promotions, patrols, road spot checks, community watch, traffic flow guidance, disaster prevention, and more.  The Jinzan Award was inaugurated in 2014 to honor civil defense members who showed outstanding performance or made unique contributions. A total of 36 individuals received the award in 2018. Each winner receives a trophy, an award certificate, and cash prize of NT$3,600
The Multicultural Information Center of Taipei Public Library (TPL) is joining hands with I-Link Community Associations Peduli Imigran dan Tenaga Kerja Indonesia (PELITA) to offer free computer and English courses at the facility starting October 14.  Two courses are available for registration  English language and basic computer skills. Classes are conducted in Indonesian.  The computer lessons will cover areas including how to write resume with Word, how to process numerical data and charts with Excel, and how to design slides and conduct classes over the internet via PowerPoint.  The English program offer lessons on English day-to-day conversation and introduction of English spelling.  The classes will take place on Sundays during the second and fourth week of the month at the Multicultural Information Center on the ninth floor of TPL. The center also consists of a reading center carrying books, newspapers, and journals in Indonesian.  For more information, please contact PELITA (TEL: 02-2367-6646, ext. 8235) or visit the Chinese website of TBL (https://tpml.gov.taipei)
Worried about not having enough cash on you when touring Bangka Night Market? No worries! Now the vendors accept transaction with EasyCards!  At the press conference announcing the use of EasyCards for transactions at Bangka Night Market, Mayor Ko Wen-je pointed out that this is the first step towards revitalizing the well-known tourist attraction in the west part of Taipei. The next step is to strengthen the cleanliness of night markets environment, as well as bringing in the successful mechanisms implemented at Ningxia Night Market.  Citing the old saying of Fucheng, Lugang, and Bangka which described the 3 busiest ports of Taiwan, the mayor noted that Bangka is the fastest growing settlement in the northern part of the island during the early years. When he took office, the administration immediately implemented the West District Gateway Project. As of today, the majority of the projects hardware components have been installed, including the replacement of the old Yuanhuan Traffic Circle with a park the opening of Guoshun Park the ongoing construction Dalong Public Housing and Minglun Public Housing and follow up planning for Shezidao.  In the southern part of the West District, Huannan Market is slated to reopen in August of 2019 both the Taipei First Fruit and Vegetable Wholesale Market Taipei Fish Market have secured the necessary funds for major overhauls with constructions to start after typhoon season next year and constructions of the temporary markets have been underway since 2017.  Noting the two-and-a-half-time jump in local storefront rents after moving the Taipei International Lantern Festival to Ximending, the mayor remarked that the objective of the next phase is to guide the flow of visitors to Bangka and the area around Longshan Temple. He plans to introduce modern management knowhow and higher hygiene standards to southern Wanhua within the next one or two years. 
To celebrate Double Ten Day, Mayor Ko Wen-je led city officials at the flag-raising ceremony in front of city hall in the morning of October 10.  Greeting the crowd upon his arrival at Citizen Plaza at 7 AM, the mayor remarked that he is grateful for seeing so many people showing up to commemorate the National Day of ROC. He felt much relief to see that the morning weather was actually quite nice, as the rainstorm in the previous night made him quite worried.  Regarding the souvenir bags given away to the early birds who waited in the queue all night, he pointed out that the concept of practicality was highlighted in the design without impacting the cost. He promised that he himself will join Civil Affairs Commissioner Lan Shih-tsung to hand out all 3,000 bags personally to those in the line.  Ko also took the opportunity to express his wish of making Taipei City a better place through the efforts of his administrative team. He also hopes that the achievements of the city can spread outwards and help the entire island to become a better place.  He concluded that todays event is not only a celebration for Double Ten Day, but also an occasion for citizens to encourage themselves and each other to work hand-in-hand, making the city a better place for all.
On October 8, Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the topping out ceremony for the new Guoshun Park in Datong District. He remarked that the construction of the park is a milestone and start of the districts revitalization drive.  During his address, Ko referred to statistics gathered from all 12 administrative district, showing that on average the residents of Datong District enjoyed the least green area-per-individual ratio in Taipei. Therefore, the district has been assigned top priority on the list of new park construction.  The original plan for building a park at the site was drafted in 2001, but the city government did not take step to expropriate the land due to the NT$600 million price tag. Citing a conversation with local borough chief Chen Ying-hui at the beginning of his administration, she convinced him to implement the project as soon as possible because land prices would rise even further in the future. He agreed that steps should be taken.  He recalled that after he reviewed city governments plans, the only two boroughs that lacked a comprehensive urban development plan are Guoshun Borough and Shunxing Borough. Therefore, to convince locals that the government is serious about urban renovation, it has to start with some projects to win their trust. People believe what they can see with their own eyes.  With this in mind, he decided to use this project as a start. He also took the opportunity to express his gratitude for the support of city councilors from the neighborhood, making way for the creation of the new park.  The whole process also involved 15 information sessions, before actual construction work began to take in the opinions of locals. Through the information exchange, the theme of rice culture was incorporated into the design, due to the importance of the neighborhood as a historical hub of rice cuisines. It was also decided to preserve as much of the original appearance of the surrounding, minimize the relocation of trees, and to use the bricks collected from the dismantling process to build a low arch wall.
With the onset of department store anniversary sales, the Construction Management Office (CMO) will conduct store safety inspections at department stores and big box retailers starting October 9.  In search of bargains and deals, the large crowd turnout during the anniversary sales period often results in packed venues and long queues. To ensure a safe shopping environment for the public, stores cited for related violations during spot checks conducted by the city government may be slapped with fines up to NT$120,000.  According to CMO, it is important to increase the frequency of public safety spot checks at major department stores and big box retailers due to the influx of customers to ensure a safe shopping environment.  Director Chang Ming-sen of CMO pointed out that the agency has been conducting checks for many years, and the majority of local businesses are well aware of the exercise, many of them taking steps to ensure accurate placement of merchandise and inventory to avoid violating safety regulations.  The agency also reminded the public to report any obstacles hindering emergency exits or evacuation routes at department stores or other public venues by contacting CMO (TEL: 1999, ext. 8387)
The Double Ten Day parade in Boston on October 6 saw the attendance of Taipei Citys official mascot  Bravo Bear!  The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) expressed its gratitude to both Boston City Hall for inviting the mascot and Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Boston for its assistance. This is a very important international occasion for the city governments mascot, to not only promote Taipeis tourism resources, but also to conduct exchange with Taipeis sister city in the US.  Joining Taiwanese expats in the city, Bravo joined the parade at Bostons Chinatown and later arrived at the Boston City Hall Plaza, with spectators cheering for him all along the way.  In addition to taking part in the Double Ten Day parade, Bravo also had the chance to visit location such as the historical Fenway Park and Massachusetts Institute of Technology during his sojourn.  The bear mascot was also invited to attend the opening of an American football match as the guest of honor, demonstrating his sports genes to the spectators at the game.
Following 3 days of competition, the 2018 Lighting Wings eSports Tournament came to a successful close on October 7.  Cohosted by Taipei City Government and Brogent group, the event took place at the first floor lobby of city hall between October 5 and 7.  The team 36D-Dizzy won the top honor, bringing home NT$150,000 in cash award. The second place winner TTSH also received NT$100,000 in prize money. The two teams will advance to the IESF World Championship in November for a chance at the international title.  During his address on the final day of the tournament, Mayor Ko Wen-je noted that eSports is both a sports and an industry. Taiwan demonstrates a high potential for developing eSports, with its advantages in both the industry end and consumer market.  Both Information Technology Commissioner Lee Wei-bin and Economic Development Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh both took to the stage to obtain firsthand experience on the videogame sensation as well.  In addition to the videogame tournament, the Brogent group also recreated the advanced eSports facility which combined motion-sensing system and virtual reality surrounding technology at the tournament venue to provide visitors a taste of advanced game technology.
On October 4, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the ZASHARE: Dare to Be exhibition press conference at the Huashan 1914 Creative Park.  During his address, the mayor expressed his hope that ZASHARE will become Taiwans most influential brand for innovative education exhibitions and encourage in-depth exchange among private and public sectors through related events under the showcase.  According to the Department of Economic Development, the learning exhibition integrates major showcase with social innovation. Since 2015, the event attracted various enterprises offering diversified education and social innovation from outside of the establishment in the Chinese world.  Over the past 4 years, the event has successfully built and invigorated an innovative education ecosystem. It also received the official backings of the agencys Innovative Entrepreneurship Platform Development Project on October 4.  The exhibition will last from October 5 through 7 at the Huashan 1914 Creative Park. For more information, please visit the official Chinese website of the event (http://bit.ly/2Aw3hm2), the websites of DED (https://www.doed.gov.taipei/Default.aspx), or Startup Taipeis Facebook fan page (https://www.facebook.com/StartUPTaipei/).
Cohosted by the Department of Information Technology (DOIT), AIT, National Space Organization, Chunghwa Telecom, National Taiwan Normal University, and American Innovation Center, the 2018 NASA Space Apps Challenge Taipei is now open to registrations!  The contest will take place between October 19 and 21.  The organizers welcome programmers, scientists, hackers, and those with passion for devising solutions to environmental and space challenges to take part in the contest.  Participants should be teams comprising three to five members. The deadline for registration is October 7.  According to DOIT, open data is one of the major policies of Mayor Ko Wen-je, hoping to encourage innovation and create additional values for data by bringing in creativity from the private sector.  The NASA Space Apps Challenge is one of the innovation incubation events sponsored by NASA. The 48-hour-long hackathon event takes place at the same time at various venues across the world. The theme for 2018 will be space and earth. Contestants will utilize the open database provided by NASA to design their innovative solutions to severe challenges spanning utility resources and climate change.  For more information, please visit the Facebook Chinese fan page of the event: www.facebook.com/SpaceAppsTaipei .   2018 NASA Space Apps Challenge Taipei Date and Time: 7 PM, Oct. 19  5:30 PM, Oct. 21 Venue: 4F Stadium of NTNU (Address: No. 162, Heping E. Road, Daan District)  
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the joint press conference introducing 14 public communal nurseries on October 3.  During his address, the mayor pointed out that the city is experimenting with an end-to-end approach for childcare. The plan spans nursery care for babies and toddlers (ages 0-2) dedicated class for 2-year-olds kindergarten courses for kids 3-5, and elementary school education for older kids up through 12-year-old.  According to Ko, this arrangement allows children to remain enrolled in the same institution from birth through graduating from elementary school. The objective of the policy is to lessen the burden of young parents and provide children with a better environment for growing up. Of course, a key to the policy would be professional staffing at the institutions.  The city government currently operates 70 public nurseries, including 20 major institutions and 50 small-to-medium size daycares. It also offers alternatives such as babysitters taking care of toddlers either at homes or other locations.  In conclusion, the mayor described the objectives of Taipeis childcare policy as providing affordable childcare in a safe environment, as well as the municipalization, localization, and communalization of childcare and placing these facilities close to home. 
On October 2, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the evening event honoring neighborhood watch groups and presented awards to representatives from 67 teams across the city.  During his address, the mayor expressed his thanks to the team members for making the society safer. He believes that the neighborhood watch is comparable to guardians of the city  they protect the life and property of city residents.  He stressed that the work of team members spans fields such as environmental protection, disaster response, domestic violence prevention, children protection, traffic, and social welfare  to safeguard the well beings of all citizens.  Praising the demonstration carried out by the members of the neighborhood watch from Mingshan Borough in Shilin district, the mayor noted that the team assisted in activities related to senior citizen care, childrens care, community safety, neighborhood cleanup, and much more. From the briefing of the borough chief, he call tell that the watch members also joined forces with local police authorities in anti-drug campaign, ATM location patrols, and sentry shifts to minimize activities of cash mules in the neighborhood.  The mayor hopes that other neighborhood watches will receive inspirations and new ideas from the demo, setting grounds for a benign competition among the teams. This will help Taipei make further advances in its quest to establish a sustainable and living city. 
Kids are excited about the upcoming Halloween event, and so is Taipei Zoo! The zoo will be holding a series of event to celebrate the 10th anniversary of Zoolloween  a fun and scary event merging the festival of ghosts and monsters with knowledge about wildlife and conservation.  Starting with the Ten Shades of Animals exhibition in early October, the Zoolloween activity will reach a climax with the masquerade evening party Party TEN!!! on Halloween (Saturday, October 27).  The exhibition offers information on the threats endangering wildlife and how animals struggle to survive in the face of hazards ranging from environmental destructions to road kills to bear traps.  For the evening party Party TEN!!!, the organizers have invited NGO organizations and enterprises to set up booths and sponsor related activities. Participants can enjoy the games and take part in raffles! Online registration for the party will be open to the public starting at 10 AM on October 5. Positions are limited, so make your reservation as soon as possible!  For more information on related activities, please visit the Chinese website (http://www.zoo.gov.tw/) or Facebook fan page of Taipei Zoo in Chinese (http://www.facebook.com/TaipeiZoo).
Promoted by the Department of Information and Tourism, Taipei City Government, the Childrens Joy Equal Rights Plan officially launched yesterday (17). Bravo, the mascot of the Taipei City Government, was appointed the ambassador of the activity. It is going to meet school children in remote areas. The first school Bravo visited was Dong Ao Elementary School, which performed brilliantly in an archery contest in America recently, in Yilan. In addition to learning archery with school children, he also introduced his hometown Taipei City to them. He hoped those children could visited Taipei sometimes. For the health of the school children, the Department of Information and Tourism collaborated with local enterprise I-Mei Food Co. Ltd. It prepared soy milk, soda crackers, and other healthy food for the children. Bravo also learned the daily food guide with the school children. We might mistakenly think that Bravo was gluttonous. But he pays much attention to the nutrition value of his diet. Bravo made a low sugar piggy bank to help decrease the intake of sugar. However, the school children could not help but cry out, Bravo your belly is really huge, upon seeing his large belly. The archery team of Dong Ao Elementary School was really good. This year, it was invited to participate in an archery contest in North Carolina. A student won the Champion for Individual in the 12 years old group. When Bravo saw these good small archers, he couldnt help but give them a big hug because he admired them so much. Bravo also prepared a bow and some arrows to learn from these small archers. They taught Bravo seriously without forgetting to praise his excellent performance. They hoped to have another chance to exchange with Bravo soon. Bravo, who loved to make friends, spent some happy hours in Yilan. He introduced his hometown Taipei City to the children enthusiastically. Before he departed for Yilan, he stayed up late to prepare some photos of the famous scenic spots in Taipei, such as Beimen and Taipei 101, and more to play games with everybody. He also invited them to visit me in Taipei. Dong Ao Elementary School is located at the southern tip of Yilan. Remote in location, it has less resources. This year, when they prepared to go to America to join the archery contest, they lacked NT$ 1 million in funds. Fortunately, the parents made some stir-fried flying fish and hot pepper for charity sales to raise funds so that they could go to America to join the contest. Perhaps those children have less information and channels to develop their talents. But that wont affect their outstanding performance. On the contrary, they treasure every chance. The Department of Information and Tourism expressed that although it was very far away, it hoped Bravos visit could bring them laughter. He also encouraged them to pursue their dreams bravely. Bravo will continue to participate in other childrens equal rights activities to visit more schools in remote areas and show its concern to school children in different places. The Taipei City Government also hopes more enterprises in different places participate in this project and give their concern to children in remote areas. For more information about Bravo, please follow the Bravo! FB fans group. 
Responding to the computerization policy of the Taipei City Government for the purpose of promoting service quality, The Department of Compulsory Military Service, Taipei City Government upgraded the previous Servicemens Families Living Assistance Pre-calculation and Results Inquiry System into an online application system, which was put into operation online on September 18, 2018. It provides servicemen and their families prompt and computerized services to allow them serve in the army with peace of mind. The Department of Compulsory Military Service created the Servicemens Families Living Assistance Pre-calculation and Results Inquiry System in 2016 to allow servicemen and their families to pre-calculate the benefits, understand related laws and regulations, and find out if they meet the requirements or not via the internet, then submit applications to the district office saving their time of traveling to and from the department. It earned high satisfaction, up to 85%, from people. In this year, the department integrated two application services: Servicemens Families Living Assistance and Taipei City Servicemen Families of the Deceased Special Assistance into one. The upgraded service provides an all-around service network to servicemen with better and more considerate services. The Department of Compulsory Service expressed that Servicemens Rights  Service Security Net provides complete information on related law and order, application updates, and pre-calculation services. The new service offers the convenience of applying online so that people can obtain services at home promptly via the service websites, including living assistance and special subsidy, saving the traveling time of mailing the application in written form or delivering the application in person to the district office. To maintain information security, the verification mechanism of smartphone and email verification functions are added to safeguard the applicants information. Moreover, to find out the service quality and peoples satisfaction, the government welcomes people to provide their valuable suggestions for further references in the maintenance and upgrading of the system so that the system will be more user-friendly and closer to peoples needs. Moreover, the Department of Compulsory Military Service would like to remind you that if servicemen and their families have the needs of applying for living assistance or query-related questions online, they can call the service hotline (02) 2365-4361 ext. 322 or inquire at district offices during office hours. Our staff will be happy to serve you.
Do you still remember the sunflower sea that stirred up a fad last year? This autumn, the Hydraulic Engineering Office, Taipei City Government is going to present you with the sensation of thousands of sunflowers blooming at the riverside this year. It has planted 230,000 sunflowers on the banks of the Rainbow Riverside Park in the space of about 6,600m2 (approximately 2000 ping). The sunflowers are growing vividly now. They are estimated to bloom wildly in early October. The Mid-autumn Festival is coming. Have you decided where to go yet? Why not come to the Rainbow Riverside Park? You can enjoy the flowers during the daytime and watch the moon and eat mooncake in the night time. The Hydraulic Engineering Office expressed that people dont have to travel all the way to central or southern regions and can watch the splendor of sunflowers, totaling 230,000, in Taipei City. They grow in an area of 6,600m2, the size of 15 standard basketball courts, with a size 1.8 larger than last year. Located by the banks of the Keelung River, it is situated in the flight path zone of Taipei Songshan Airport. If you are lucky, you can capture the scene of airplanes flying over the river by the banks with blooming sunflowers. The best time for flower watching will be in early October. The blooming period is very short. If you miss it, you will have to wait for another year. The River Administration Section, Hydraulic Engineering Office expressed that sunflowers belong to the Helianthus annuus L. family, being a herbaceous plant with a lifespan of 1-2 years. The golden yellow flowers always turn towards the sunlight, earning the name of sunflower. In this occasion, the species thousands of suns is grown there. The plant grows up to 200cm tall, with high appreciation values. The plants are also rich in nitrogen, phosphorous, potassium, and other nutrients. These are the green fertilizers used frequently by farmers in central and southern Taiwan during the fallow farmland period. The positive and optimistic characteristics of the sunflower win peoples favor. This season, the Rainbow Riverside Park will become a popular check-in scenic spot. The sunflower sea blooming at the Rainbow Riverside Park is near McArthur Bridge No. 2 near Neihu. Visitors can take the MRT Xindian  Songshan Line to Songshan and walk across the Rainbow Bridge to the direction of McArthur Bridge No. 2 for about 20 minutes to arrive at the destination. They can also take bus routes 204, Minsheng Line, Blue 50, or Civilian Van 10, and get off at Xingshan Road. Walk towards the direction of Tiding Boulevard for 5 minutes and go across the Xingshan Overhead Bridge. Then, walk towards the direction of McArthur Bridge No. 2 for 10 minutes, and youll be there. For visitors going by car, they can park in the parking lot outside the Rainbow Riverside Park. Youll see the sunflower sea greet you once you get out of the car. The Hydraulic Office would like to advocate that please be careful when watching flowers and the moon. Many sunflowers are still blooming, please be considerate. Dont pick any of them or step on them because of personal interests, for the public welfare.  Transportation The Sunflower Sea at the Rainbow Riverside Park 1. By bus: Take bus routes 204, Minsheng Line, Blue 50, or Civilian Van 10, and get off at Xinshan Road. Walk towards the direction of Tiding Boulevard for 5 minutes and go across the Xingshan Overhead Bridge. Then, walk towards the direction of McArthur Bridge No. 2 for 10 minutes, and youll be there. 2. By MRT: Take MRT Xindian  Songshan Line to Songshan and walk across the Rainbow Bridge to the direction of McArthur Bridge No. 2 for about 20 minutes to arrive at the destination. 3. By car: Please park your car in the parking lot at the right bank of Rainbow Riverside Park 4. By bicycle: Riverside Bicycle Renal Stations Rainbow Station (Holiday Station): https://goo.gl/kuVEzo Meiti Station https://goo.gl/NoKie2 Ubike: Rainbow Bridge Station, Taipei Flower Mart Station, Keelung River Public Housing 1 Station, MRT Songshan (Exit 3) Station, TRA Songshan Station 
A new way to maintain and manage the bases of garden city! The common urban green lands of the Happy Farm in Pitou Village, Zhongshan District has turned into vigorous green farms, and every field has its own exclusive number. By doing so, the management and maintenance of the fields will be systematized, so that the productivity of the bases will be enhanced. Pitou Village Office applied for funding to build the green farm from Zhongshan District Office in 2015, and the green farm was later adopted and maintained by the team of the village office. After it was built as the base of the farm, the residents in the village were allowed to create a friendly farm community and social circle, and connect a closer interpersonal interaction via the construction of the urban farm base. Chief of Pitou Village, Ming-Ching Lin, said that the Happy Farm of Pitou Village is currently adopted and managed by approximately more than 30 people together, and whats special is that every field in the farm has its own exclusive number. The residents are very enthusiastic about promoting urban farming of the garden city, so there are currently no vacancies for the bases, and those who want to adopt the bases need to sign up to wait. One draw of lots will be held every year to decide the people who adopt, and professional teachers were specially hired to teach farmers classes about how to better plant the vegetables. In addition to planting vegetables, the Chief of Pitou Village will also lead residents in the village to share the gathered vegetables after the farm harvest and cook the vegetables to invite those who adopt the base, elders who live alone, and the residents in the village to share the achievement of the farm. The chief hopes to enhance the passion of the residents of the village on urban farming, to make the farm sustainable, and to pass the experience and joy brought by urban farming to the public. Besides reconstructing the interaction among people, the bases of the farm also extend and supplement the green land system, and improve the urban ecological functions. We hope to achieve the healing effects of relieving the pressure of the body and mind and improving our health by the reconnection with nature.
A group of alternative service conscripts from Taipei City Government took part in a Moon Festival/Double Ninth Day banquet for senior citizens residing at the Zhongzheng Public Housing Community on September 20.  Led by Director Lai of the Department of Compulsory Military Service, the staff of the agency and conscripts performed dances and played nostalgic Taiwanese and Chinese tunes such as Longing for the Spring Breeze and I Only Care about You.  At the end of the event, everyone joined in singing happy birthday and cut the birthday cake. The conscripts also prepared balloons decorated with smiling faces and words of encouragement, which were later distributed to the elders in the audience.  According to the agency, the conscripts take part in various activities at Zhongzheng Public Housing Community during major festivals, as well as helping the residents conduct cleanups of the environment as a part of social service.  The Moon Festival/Double Ninth Day event is hosted by the Department of Social Services and organized by the Kernel of Wheat Foundation. With the involvement of the conscripts, the organizers hope to implement senior citizen services through integration of public and private resources to realize care for seniors living alone.
During the Enterprise Visit and Industry Upgrade Forum on September 20, Mayor Ko Wen-je discussed the development in tech industry startups with industry representatives and other government officials.  Beginning with the speech Corporate Culture: From Doctor to Mayor, Ko talked about his transition in career, from a doctor working in the field of healthcare to the mayor of Taipei City. Inspired by the hospitals culture during his stint as a doctor, the mayor introduced a new set of values at city hall, such as stressing discipline in manage the city governments finances transparency and public participation smart administration and digitalization and ban of disposable eating utensils to serve the long term interest of the city.  During the Q&A session, the mayor was asked what he saw as the biggest difference between Taipei and Kaohsiung. He noted that based on his experience in managing Taipei, he believes that theres no such thing as good or bad when comparing cities: every city should be free to develop in areas where they have advantages. Citing the word niche, Ko stressed that cities should consider their advantages and resources, and decide upon the direction of future development.  Regarding his experience in managing the city and industry development, he explained that he seeks stimulating the economy through large amounts of small-sum spending. He pointed out that all activities involving over 5,000 people are tracked. The city also requests that every activity should achieve the goals of internationalization, localization, and bringing benefits to the industry. For city activities, organizers will do their best to collaborate with nearby commercial areas and expand the number of booths at the venue for this purpose.  Citing the Taipei 101 New Years Eve fireworks, he recalled that in the past the event attracted 700,000 people on the night of the event. He talked to the buildings management and suggested that there should be activities leading up to New Years Eve, so later on events were organized starting in October. During the first year, events with admission tickets costing NT$1,500 attracted roughly 100,000 people. The German Pork Knuckle Festival in the following year charged admission fees reaching NT$2,000, but attracted 500 individuals on average per night.  He stressed that the lesson he learned from running the city is not to fantasize that a single solution can solve everything. Rather, approaches should be diverse and numerous. Therefore, instead of a one-night-only firework show, the whole end-of-the-year celebration now extends from October through December, with activities stimulating consumption and bringing more opportunities for businesses. 
Great news for Japanese tourists! To celebrate its third anniversary, the Feel Taipei:  campaign has just received a boost and now offers even better deals!  One of the partners of the campaign EVA Airways will offer a 3-percent discount for airplane tickets purchased between September 19 and October 19 on the companys website. In addition, customers who provide their email at the time of purchase will receive an electronic copy of Feel Taipei brochure, which offers information spanning from city guide to local store coupons!  The city government is also working JTB to introduce a selection of half-day trips for individual tourists, which includes destinations such as Longshan Temple, Taipei 101, and National Palace Museum. Customers who purchase the designated tours online are eligible to receive a souvenir set from JTBs Taipei office, including a limited edition canvas bag, double decker bus ticket, and cough drops. The promotion will last until November 30. For more info, please visit the Japanese webpage: https://www.mybus-asia.com/taiwan/special_content.php?id.  During the press conference in Tokyo on August 19, the Department of Information and Tourism introduced the agencys tourism ambassadors  Taipeis mascot Bravo the Bear and Japanese celebrity Kazuki Kato. The actor/singer/voice actor is known for his recent role in the play The Prince of Tennis, as well as TV shows Kamen Rider Kabuto and Hotaru no Hikari.  During his address, Kato remarked that he is honored to have this chance to serve as the tourism ambassador of Taipei. He has moved by the nostalgic essence of Taipeis history and culture, and hopes that he can help promote the city as a tourist destination to the Japanese public.  For more information on the campaign, please visit the Japanese official website: http://japan.travel.taipei/
The 2018 Xingfufa Cup Cross Strait City Baseball Friendlies is taking place at the Tianmu Baseball Stadium, Xinzhuang Baseball Stadium, Xinsheng Park Baseball Field, and Youth Park Baseball Field between September 19 and 23.  Speaking at the opening ceremony at Tianmu Baseball Stadium on September 19, Mayor Ko Wen-je welcomed the athletes from China on behalf of Taipei City. He encouraged them to explore the city and look forward to seeing continued exchanges between the two sides in the field of sports.  The cross-strait baseball friendlies have been held every year since 2011, with cities on both sides of the strait taking turns hosting the event. Now in its eighth year, the competition has expanded to include the youth division. This years event comprises 8 teams in the adults division, 4 teams in the youth division, and 4 teams in the little league division.  The Chinese teams include Shanghai, Suzhou, Sichuan, Zhongshan Pandas, and Hong Kong Elementary School. The adult division teams from Taiwan include Taipei Xingfufa, Taichung City Taiwan Life Insurance, New Taipei City, and Taoyuan Aerotropolis. Local teams participating in the youth and little league divisions include Chongqing Junior High School, Changan Junior High School, Dungyuan Elementary School, and Longshan Elementary School.  According to the Department of Sports, the tournament offer free admission to the public. For more information on the matches, please visit the Chinese website of the competition: http://ctba.org.tw/news.php?cate=gamei&type=2&game_id=480
With the Moon Festival just around the corner, city hall joined hands with the private sector to organize a banquet thanking the members of the armed forces for their contributions to past emergency rescue operations and wish them a happy Moon Festival.  During the event, the mayor lauded the armed forces for their support in major events in Taipei, including the Taipei International Lantern Festival, disaster prevention drills in March and April, and the concert commemorating the 60th anniversary of the Quemoy Bombardment in 1958. With their help, the events were successful and won vast public approval.  The mayor also took the opportunity to share the achievements of his administration with the guests, stating his goal to transform Taipei into a sustainable and livable city.  The event is co-organized by city hall, Taipei City Council, Importers and Exporters Association of Taipei, Taipei Chamber of Commerce, Taipei Lilac Women and Children Welfare Association, Taipei Womens Association, and Taipei Veteran Service Station.  Personnel from 38 military units were invited to the banquet, including ROC Armed Forces Reserve Command, Military Police Command, Sixth Corp. of the ROC Army, Guandu Command, Military Police 202 Command, and Taipei Armed Forces Reserve Command. 
To publicize the achievements the Citys efforts in promoting hiking during the press conference initiating the Taipei Hiking Trail Autumn Season Walk on September 17.  One of the highlights of the press conference is the simulation climb of the Scissor Stone at Jinmianshan Hiking Trail with virtual reality gears. Trying out the VR tour himself, the mayor encouraged the public to take a trip to the site and try the climb, as well as providing the city government with feedbacks to help improve the hiking experience.  According to the mayor, there are currently 135 hiking trails managed by the Geotechnical Engineering Office. Due to the rising popularity of hiking among members of the public, Public Works Commissioner Pong Cheng-sheng believes that the time is right to reorganize the trails into one major hiking trail running 92 kilometers and comprising an elevation difference of 1,120 meters. For enthusiast climbers, the agency worked on setting up additional trail signs, installing more drinking fountains, and creating an app for this purpose.  Ko recalled that Shishoushan, located in Xinyi District, offers a great view of the Taipei 101 and attracts numerous foreign visitors. That is why the site has been selected as a key promotion site for the City. By renovating the signs and adding camp site indicators, the agency seeks to improve the convenience for hikers and make the trail an important tourism attraction for Taipei City.  The mayor believes that the convenience of Taipeis hiking trail is allowing hikers to exit the mountainous areas with ease, as well as offering bringing them to areas with beautiful sceneries. There arent many places in the world where hikers can travel from hot springs to seaside within 30 minutes. 
Given the importance of environmental protection as a sign of the citys progress and the role of young people in moving the city forward, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) invited environmental experts from the UK, the US, and Taiwan to speak at the Taipei Environmental Startup Youth Forum at the Little White House (Address: No, 1, Nanchang Street) on September 15.  The event also attracted education staff from 16 Taipei city certified environmental education venues, 12 representatives from startups, and 60 students from 15 colleges and universities.  The morning session comprised presentations by Professor Justin Dillon of University of Exeter and member of North American Association for Environmental Education and Professor Chen Yen-ting, while the afternoon session featured a workshop led by Professor Kathayoon Khalil from the Seattle Aquarium exploring topics on major global environmental issues and collaborations.  According to DEP, the agency has been organizing environmental education events targeting youth and students since the beginning of the year, with a winter education camp in January, an activity commemorating Earth Day in April for students, and a campaign pushing for plastic reduction on June 5 to celebrate the World Environment Day.  These events attracted over 1,000 students, who also attended lectures and seminars on related topics held at venues including University of Taipei, National Yang-ming University, National Taiwan Normal University, and National Taiwan Univeristy.  In the future, DEP seeks to further promote environmental education by working with teenagers and the 16 city-certified environment education centers to boost public awareness on environment-related issues and encourage the development of green startups and idustries.
The Taipei City is the first among all cities in Taiwan that promoted the idea of open data. Both qualitatively and quantitatively, the Taipei City plays a leading role in information services in Taiwan, and maintains an internationally recognized reputation. Based on the statistics collected, the open data platform has released over 1,150 pieces of information, and witnessed over 850 million times of information exchange. The Taipei City is also the first among Asian cities that signed on the Open Data Charter during the month of July, 2018, which brings the platform to a more advanced level.  As of today, the Department of Information Technology at Taipei City Government (DOIT) has launched the Beta version of Data.Taipei 2.0, creating a better user experience for the general public. The Beta version includes several upgraded features, such as the automatic feedback of search advice on web browsing, AI graphics, and digital dashboard. Furthermore, the Beta version is now combined with the Taipei Card 3.0 membership system, which enables broader access to increased sources of information via member subscriptions. Sign-ups are available at https://data.taipei.  Because some users are continuing to work with the old open data platform, DOIT currently allows simultaneous operations of the old and new systems to run and help with the transitioning process until October 31st, 2018. Should there be any suggestions regarding the platform, please submit inquiries via email to service@mail.taipei.gov.tw. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the promotion press conference for the 2018 Taichung World Flora Exposition at Taipei Zoo on September 12.  During his address, Ko remarked that he is very honored to take part in the first press conference for the around-the-island promotion of the horticultural fest in Taichung. The event shares the spirit of Taipei Universiade by encouraging Taiwan to reach out and open its doors to the world, allowing the world to see Taiwan.  Noting that with the countdown at 52 days, the mayor reminded the public that the six-month-long event will kick-off on November 3 and last through April 24, 2019. He wished the event success and pledged his utmost effort to bring Bravo the Bear with him when he visits the upcoming Flora Expo  Ko stressed that just like the Universiade bring both a major event for Taipei City and Taiwan, the 2018 Taichung World Flora Exposition is an important showcase for both Taichung City and Taiwan. He calls upon all Taiwanese municipalities to support the important occasion.  Taichung Mayor Lin Chia-lung presented tickets of the floral expo to the attending mayors and city representatives of northern Taiwan, inviting the residents of the northern part of the island to visit the upcoming expo.
The Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) will hold a soil conditioner giveaway to promote the city governments objective of creating a garden city.  A total of 480 packs will be available for pickup. Applications for the soil conditioners are accepted starting Monday, September 17.  According to PSLO, the soil conditioner is made from branches and leaves collected during the maintenance process of green spaces across the city. In addition, the agency also encourages the public to reutilize kitchen waste as natural manure to further the principles of reutilization and recycling.  How to apply for the soil conditioner:  Fill out the Chinese application form which will be available on the Garden City website (https://farmcity.taipei/site/soil/soil_list) starting 10 AM on September 17, 2018. Only Citizens of Taipei City are eligible. Applicants must provide their real name and personal information. Each applicant can pick up a maximum of 1 soil conditioner unit. After application, check for the email dispatched by the Garden City website confirming the soil conditioner pickup. Bring your ID when picking up the item at the respective offices between 2 PM and 4 PM, September 25 through 28. Each bag contains roughly 10 liters of soil conditioner. The contents are placed inside a zipper bag, and offices will not provide additional bags for carrying. Applicants should bring their own bag or container.  
To offer expecting mothers added convenience and safety during their travel on the MRT, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) has expanded the number of dedicated waiting zones to all MRT stations.  The policy was first implemented for station platforms along the Songshan-Xindian Line and the Tamsui-Xinyi (Red) Line.  According to the company, the dedicated waiting zones are marked by pink-color signs/banners and cardboard stands. It also noted that posters will be set up inside the corresponding train carriages to help passengers identify the special waiting zones.  Station staff will also promote the policy to passengers at the station platforms. In addition, the new policy will be advertised via station broadcast, news tickers, and posters.  As a reminder, pregnant woman stickers are also available at information counters across all MRT stations. Expecting moms are encouraged to place the sticker on their bags or badge holders to allow repeated use.  For more information, please call TRTCs 24-hour customer hotline (TEL:02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline. Details are also available on the Chinese website of TRTC (http://www.metro.taipei/).
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the Taipei City Government Retiree Forum  Care for Retirement Life event on September 11. He took the opportunity to listen to what civil servant retirees have to say about the impact of pension reform on their lives.  During his address, the mayor expressed his support for the direction of the central governments pension reform plans. However, he personally believes that the reform should have taken place two decades ago and agrees that any adjustments made today cannot please everyone. Overall, he hopes that the city government can come up with a way to help minimize the impact of changes upon the livelihood of retired city employees.  Regarding the administrations plan for taking care of city retirees, Ko pointed out that providing job opportunities is only a part of the overall approach. The offer simply compiles the needs of city hall and will not incur additional costs. The list will be posted on the platform, allowing city hall retired workers to apply online when they have the need.  The mayor stressed that the project creates a win-win scenario, allowing the city government to tap upon the experience of veteran civil servants and passing down the knowhow to current staff members. The city government will be holding 6 open hearing sessions to gather opinions and suggestions as well.  Ko requested the retired civil servants to ask any questions they have, which will allow the city administration to improve its skills in serving the public. While it may be unrealistic to expect city hall to implement all requests, realizing half of them shouldnt a problem. By making gradual progress on implementation in the coming years, it should help root out many minor problems.
lvaro Enrique Arz Escobar, the Speaker of the Republic of Guatemala House of Representatives, paid a visit to the Taipei City Police Department on September 4th. He received a warm welcome from Commissioner Chen, Jia-Chang, who was accompanied by the Crime Prevention Division Chief and the Foreign affairs Division Chief.  Speaker Arz Escobar arrived in Taiwan upon invitation for a diplomatic trip from September 2nd through September 6th, 2018.  During the meeting, the Police Department demonstrated the surveillance system and shared with the guests relevant experience associated with law enforcement. The experience-sharing is a meaningful one because it might serve as a reference for the government of the Republic of Guatemala. Future exchange of thoughts and experience between both parties will continue.  During the discussion, Commissioner Chen stressed the importance of upgrading the facility used by the police  both from the software and hardware aspects, so that more crimes can be dealt with successfully. The agency also expressed a strong interest in conducting further collaborations with the Republic of Guatemala to expedite the investigation process of international crimes, and anticipated return visits from Speaker Arz Escobar.  At the end of this meeting, Commissioner Chen joined Speaker Arz Escobar in singing the popular Spanish song Besane Mucho.
Regarding the heavy torrential rain resulting in flooding in various areas across Taipei on September 8, the Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) pointed out that over half of the citys administrative districts reported rainfall rates exceeding the flood protection level of 78.8 mm per hour.  In response to the heavy precipitation, the agency placed 20 units of 4-inch pumps on standby at 1:30 PM on September 8 and established real-time rainfall monitor task force at 5:30 PM. All members of the flood prevention team were mobilized by 6:40 PM.  During the period of heavy rainfall, a total of 70 pumping station were activated across the city. At 6 PM, contracted firms were notified to dispatch pumps to 93 locations across the city, involving 197 personnel, 146 pump units, 13 generators, 41 vehicles, and 16 excavators.  Regarding areas which saw flooding despite rainfall being below the flood protection level, HEO noted that it will investigate the causes in the aftermath and devise improvement plans. In the meantime, the agency advice the public to download Taipeis disaster prevention app or sign up for the city governments LINE account to receive the latest water level updates. They can also install flood protection barriers at their homes to prevent water from entering the basement floors.  For mid- and long-term plans, the agency will continue to implement the vision of Sponge City and incorporate public-private-partnership to boost Taipeis rain toleration level. For the government, emphasis will fall upon storm water drainage and detention facilities and overhaul/expansion of pump station equipment. For the private sector, regulations requiring the installation of storage facilities within the site during development and setting limits to the discharge volume of drainage sewer will help relieve the burden of the sewer system. 
Involving large number of volunteers, Taipei Zoo held a major cleanup event on September 1, ahead of the Clean up the World Weekend event which will take place around the world on Saturday, September 15.  The volunteers serve a variety of functions at Taipei Zoo, including guides, puppet performance, education promotion, animal caretaking, and even research work. This time, for the Clean up the World Weekend, over 100 volunteers took part in removing fallen leaves and branches, as well as waste and litter, from the fences and gutters around the park premise, hoping to provide a more comfortable environment for both visitors and animals.  The cleanup activities at the zoo are usually handled by the staff from the environment division of Taipei Zoo and the zoo keepers of the respective zones. While facilities such as restrooms, benches, pavilions, and walkways are kept tidy through daily routines, some of the litters and trash are found at hard-to-get-to areas.  Thanks to the effort of volunteers during the event, a variety of garbage accumulated over long periods was removed, making the environment much more tidy and clean. These litters include plastic bottles, disposal eating utensils, paper cups, plastic bags, and snack wrappings.  The Clean up the World Weekend has been a popular movement, attracting the participation of over 40 million people across 125 nations since 1993. The cleanup event usually takes place on the 3rd weekend of September every year.
From September 1st through October 31st, the Taipei Arena ice skating rink will offer discounts for customers in groups of twenty or more. For groups as such, two will receive free admission.  Another highlight of promotional deal is that one lottery ticket is distributed per group of 20 visitors. The larger the group, the more raffle tickets you receive, hence the higher the chance to win. Receipts from paid entry tickets are redeemable within the same day for a free chicken wing when two orders are made for a full fried chicken meal at Cheogajip.  Since August, skates and other associated equipment have been upgraded in an effort to improve customers ice-skating experience. In order to transform the venue into a family friendly one, zones inside the building has been designated for parking baby strollers as well.  As a forerunner among other equivalent enterprises, the Taipei Arena leads the good intention in consideration of customers visiting with their families, and reserves adequate space for parking up to 12 baby strollers on the venues second floor hallway. Instructions are available via digital guides, as well as by staff members on duty, to help parents accurately locate and retrieve their strollers when needed. Benefiting from the overall technology upgrade, families can enjoy their experience at the facility without constantly having to check on their itinerary or worrying about the inconvenience of bringing strollers.  Further information can be found by calling the 24-hr customer service line of TRTC at (02) 218-12345, or via the 1999 Citizens Hotline. More details can be obtained through the Taipei Arenas Chinese website at (http://www.arena.taipei/), or (https://www.metro.taipei/).
Starting September at selected areas, drivers will be able to park at roadside parking spaces and pay the parking charge on their own!  The Parking Management and Development Office (PMDO) is working with Acer, ALTOB, and Green Ideas Technology to implement the self-administered roadside parking mechanism at the following sections of city roads: Songzhi Road (east side of city hall) Heping East Road Section 1 (between Xinsheng South Road Section 2 and Taishun Street), and Changchun Road (between Linsen North Road and Xinsheng North road).  Drivers parking their vehicles at the testing zone parking spaces can register their vehicle and pay the parking fee through third party payment, e-bill, or pre-authorized payment. Transactions conducted will also receive a 20-percent discount off the parking fee.  The agency plans to expand the smart roadside parking solutions to locations including Beiping East Road, Minsheng East Road Section 3, Zhongxiao East Road Section 5, Jinshan South Road, and Yanping South Road.  According to PDMO, the smart roadside parking pilot program will allow users to enjoy the convenience of real-time, one-stop process for parking registration and fee payment. Staff members will also be stationed at the testing zones during the pilot program to provide further information to users.  The advantages of the smart roadside parking mechanism includes no more fear of losing parking slips and the need to find a convenience store to pay the bill.
Mayor Ko Wen-je joined Mayor Tom Tate from Gold Coast, Australia and representatives from Gyeonggi-do, South Korea in kicking-off the Global Taipei Exhibition at the Discovery Center of Taipei on September 4.  According to Ko, The exhibition showcases the achievements of the city government in promoting city-to-city diplomacy and exchange over the years, starting with the inking of sister cities agreement with Houston in 1961. As of today, Taipei has sister city relations with 48 cities across 34 countries, as well as 3 partner cities and 5 friendship cities.  He added that this year marks the 36th anniversary of sister city relations with Gold Coast in Australia. The two cities have carried out frequent exchanges over the years in the areas of trade, cultural exchange, personnel training, and tourism. With Mayor Tate and the Australian delegation in town for two rounds of investment-related meetings, he believes that the two municipalities can expand the scope to other areas in the future.  Mayor Tate remarked that he looks forward to seeing more students from Taipei matriculating in schools at Gold Coast. In addition to promoting educational exchanges, he also looks forward to strengthening the friendship of the two cities. With both cities holding major marathon events, the mayor took the opportunity to invite Mayor Ko to visit Gold Coast to take part in the Australian citys marathon.  At the close of the press event, Mayor Ko, Mayor Tate, and the representatives of Gyeonggi-do signaled the opening of the exhibition by attaching a I love Taipei sign onto the large map upon the location of their respective cities.  The Secretariat pointed out that the exhibition at the 3rd floor of the Discovery Center will last from today through January 10, 2019. Visitors will have a chance to witness the presents exchanged during visits by Taipei mayors with their foreign counterparts, as well as the achievements through city-to-city exchanges, and an overview of major international activities and events over the past years.
On September 3, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the autumn season memorial service remembering armed force members who gave their life for the country. He also greeted members of the armed forces and the surviving families of fallen soldiers in the audience.  The mayor was accompanied by the Commissioner of Compulsory Military Service Fu Yung-mao and Commander Li Tsung-tai of the Taipei City Reserve Command.  During his address, the mayor pointed out that lately there has been criticism belittling the armed forces. He stressed that the armed forces are the key to safeguarding the nation and the ones charged with the duty to protect the country at times of danger. There are even times when soldiers are required to sacrifice their life to this end.  Adding that honor is the life of soldiers, he hopes that people should have a healthy respect for all members of the armed forces.  September 3 is also the Armed Forces Day in Taiwan.
In an effort to aid local firms to expand international business opportunities, the Department of Economic Development (DED) led local partners in setting up the Pavilion of Taipei Fine Goods booth at the Taiwan Expo 2018 in Thailand.  The showcase took place from August 30 through September 1. During this period, a total of 200 vendors and businesses visited the booth, among which 20 companies have the potential to become future partners for possible product localization.  In the demo area for Taipeis smart city projects, the new technologies on display and Taipeis platform offering living lab opportunities quickly became a spotlight for Thai businesses and media. Taipei Smart City Project Management Office conducted talks with over 100 local businesses, showing outstanding results.  During the 3-day period of the expo, members of city halls delegation and industry representatives also took the opportunity to visit facilities in Thailand including HUPPA, dtac accelerator, and the National Science and Technology Development Agency.  According to DED, in addition to attending the Taiwan Expo in Thailand, it has plans to hold two matchmaking/pitching sessions for biotech and ICT industries in Taipei during September and November. Another delegation will also be heading to the Taiwan Expo 2018 in Malaysia around the end of October.
To welcome the start of the new semester, the Neihu Recycled Furniture Center organized a special back-to-school discount event on September 2. The event invited Mayor Ko Wen-je to serve as the head auctioneer.  During his address, the mayor talked about the city governments effort in promoting the 3R policy highlighting the aspects of reduce, re-use, and recycle. He pointed out that the administration is pursuing advanced programs in the area, including implementing circular economy ideas at public housing communities and drafting plans for industry energy conservation efforts.  Since the start of the agencys furniture recycling business in 2003, the Department of Environmental Protection has repaired over 70,000 disposed furniture and 6,000 bicycles, bringing in nearly NT$130 million to the city coffer. A total of 1,092 refurbished units were given away to 409 disadvantaged households as well.  The spotlight of the sales event includes wooden bed frames used at the athletes village during the 2017 Taipei Universiade. A total of 50 refurbished units are available for NT$1,999 a piece  roughly 30-percent-off market price and comes with mattress.  Other items of interest include closet renovated by master carpenters, dressing table made of incense cedar, elm closet, and chicken-wing wood bookshelf, as well as a selection of elm shoe rack, magazine rack, and more.  For those who missed the event, theres no need to worry: DEP announced that another back-to-school recycled furniture sale will take place at the Wanhua Recycled Furniture Center on Saturday, September 8.
The 2018 Taipei International Water Environment Forum and Exhibition are being held at the Songshan Cultural and Creative Park between August 30 and September 1. The event attracted participants from 13 countries, including New Zealand, the Netherlands, Japan, and Australia.  The Feitsui Reservoir Administration is showcasing its smart security surveillance network comprising of virtual fencing and LoRA devices. According to the agency, the LoRA network has the advantages in long range data transmission and the low amount of power required, which offers an ideal solution to the agencys issue of vast surface area and limited electricity supply coverage.  The project has been recognized and chosen as one of the winners during the 2018 Smart City and IOT Award.  Meanwhile, the booth set up by the Sewer Systems Office highlighted topics including water treatment, water treatment circular economy, treatment plant low impact development demo area, sewer connection and back alley beautification, and pipeline improvement project.  The showcase highlights the water treatment process, and how result sludge is transformed into pottery works and reutilized in the form of recycled bricks. The zone also displays the achievements of the agency in recycling water, marsh gas, and sewage sludge.
The first group of foreign college interns has arrived in Taipei on August 21! The hiring of these talents is part of the Taipei City Long-term Implementation of Global Education Program ratified by the Department of Education earlier this year.  In the interest of strengthening foreign language education and the vision of borderless school campuses to nurture talents of tomorrow, the city established six public experimental bilingual schools and became the first in the nation to implement a US-Taiwan dual-curriculum high school diploma program.  The current intern program involves the agency signing an agreement with US colleges and universities, bringing English native speakers to teach at 18 local elementary and middle schools from August 30 through December 31. The foreign interns will work with local teachers to conduct classes in English reading, games, theatrics, and other areas of diversity learning.  For the foreign language interns, supervising professors at the University of Taipei are appointed to assist them on the internship. The interns are also required to attend instruction classes at the university on a regular basis for discussions with their supervising professors. The universitys English department also connects the intern with other students to collaborate on language and cultural exchanges, as well as assistance on diverse issues in daily life. The program also consists of monthly activities introducing the interns to culture, history, traditional arts, and leisure activities in Taiwan.  According to Education Commissioner Tseng Tsan-chin, the city government has invested over NT$100 million into the field of international education to nurture future talents with global visions and encourages faculty and students to go abroad to conduct exchanges, as well as transform the city into a learning base for international students.
In light of the recent storms and torrential rain pommeling southern Taiwan, the Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) carried out inspections for slopes and hillside terrains listed on the observation list of the agency.  According to the agency, it has completed the check on soil and water conservation facilities for 212 development projects. Results indicated compliance rate reaching 90-percent.  However, 19 cases are required to conduct improvements or clean up drainage or grit chamber. The agency also found violations in 2 cases in the form of unauthorized modification of retaining walls and redesigning sediment basin into landscaping ponds.  GEO pointed out that the agency has also boosted effort to encourage self-administered inspection of soil and water conservation facilities. Among the expected 530 cases, 70-percent of completed the filing process. For those whose inspection indicated concerns, the agency offers the dispatch of soil and water conservation engineers to the site to provide advice and suggestions. Free house visits can be arranged via GEOs Chinese website.  In addition, consulting service provided by soil and water conservation engineers is also available between 9 AM and noon on Tuesday mornings at GEO (Address: 3F, No. 300, Songsu Road TEL: 02-2759-3001, ext. 3730).
In light of the crowdedness at MRT stations during rush hours and likely inconvenience for passengers such as families with strollers and pregnant women, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) is pilot-testing the concept of priority queuing areas for expectant moms and families at selected locations along the Tamsui-Xinyi (Red) Line and Songshan-Xindian (Green) Line.  Working in coordination with designated family-friendly carriages, the priority queuing zone is located at the area corresponding to the third and fourth carriage of MRT trains. The corresponding platform areas are marked with pink-color stickers on the gates identifying the area as the priority queuing for families and pregnant women.  The family-friendly carriages can be found along trains serving the aforementioned lines, which see a high volume of parents and kids traveling to travel destinations during weekends and holidays. Some of the carriages are currently decorated with under the sea themes featuring whales, sea turtles, jelly fish, octopus, starfish, and other creatures of the ocean.  TRTC also reminds women expecting babies to pick up free pregnant women stickers at the information counter across all MRT stations. The company suggests that the sticker can be placed on hand bags or ID tags for repeated use.  For more information, please call TRTC 24-hour customer hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline. Details are also available on the companys Chinese website (http://www.metro.taipei/)
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the 2018 IT Service Industry Strategy Conference in the afternoon of August 28. He shared his views on the governments smart city strategies with the other participants and audience, emphasizing the role of the government as a platform.  Citing examples such as the Two Trillion and Twin Start Development Project, he remarked that past efforts where government taking a direct role in supervising industries usually result in failures. He suggests opening up the city as a platform welcoming everyone to conduct experiment as an alternative, stressing innovation as the foundation of development.  Ko pointed out the tendencies of civil servants being conservative and avoiding innovation has its roots in several issues - especially an environment which does not permit civil servants to be innovative. He recalled a statement made by Fred Gibbons of Stanford University in attributing the low success rate of venture capital in Taiwan to the islands emphasis on boosting success rate. The matter of fact is that venture capital is to create an environment where people are not afraid to fail.  That is why he seeks to change part of Taipei City Governments culture by allowing them to make mistakes. Citing the decision on whether to suspend work and class during typhoon as an example, he stressed the importance of respecting the judgement of professional meteorology team.  He also recalled the mistake with the hiking event for seniors during Double Ninth Festival last year, where the turnout of 30,000 participants greatly exceeded original assessment  with only 7,000 souvenirs prepared. The incident taught him two things: elders use LINE as a way to connect with their friends and share information and souvenirs with cash value reaching NT$450 are very attractive. None of the staff was punished for the incident, since doing so would make people fearful of doing things and destroy the basis for innovation  of which not being afraid to fail is important.  On smart city policies, the mayor commented that the city government has selected 5 key industries as its focus for its top-down approach. These areas include public housing, transportation, healthcare, education, and payment. He also emphasized the importance on cybersecurity, noting that the highest concentration of cyber-attacks targeting the island took place on the opening night of the Taipei Universiade.  As for the bottom-up aspect, the city government plans to open up the entire city to everyone to conduct experiments. However, the key to achieving these objectives is to change the culture of civil servants. Therefore, he made comprehensive digitization as the policy of his administration, and he has hired experts from IBM to hold classes for senior officials and school directors.  Regarding the smartization of public housing, Ko stressed that Taiwan has the advantage in smart public housing, despite being ranked lower than US and Japan in the IT industry world ranking. Taipei City is currently building 12,000 units  the number reaches 20,000 units if counting joint-development projects with private partners. The total money invested into these projects top NT$100 billion, while the portion devoted to smart infrastructure and services consists between 3 to 5 percent of this sum  enough to stimulate Taiwans smart industries.  For transportation, the government will be working on traffic signs and parking which falls under its authority. For example, card-free utilization of public parking lots will be in place by the end of the year, and 4,000 roadside parking will be incorporated into smart parking mechanism managed by smart phone apps.  On smart payment, the mayor also added that he seeks to enforce the policy of EasyCard being the only accepted payment at the cafeteria and shop across Taipeis elementary, middle, and high schools, as well as public institutions. His ultimate objective is eliminating all cash and coins inside Taipei City.  In his conclusion, the mayor emphasized the importance of starting from the inside and working out, as well as beginning with the public sector and extending into the private sector. He also believes that the key to digitization is economy of scale, and that is why the government should take the lead. The government also needs to shift its attitude from working hard to working smart. 
Taipei Water Department (TWD) signed an MOU promoting technology exchange with Thua Thien Hue Construction and Water Supply State One Member Company (HueWACO) on August 27. This is the first step in collaboration of Taiwan and Vietnam on Water business.  The MOU was signed during the Vietnamese delegations visit to the agency. The delegation was headed by HueWACOs CEO Truong Cong Han.  According to TWD, HueWACO supplies water to roughly 1 million residents in its locality. The company employs over 500 workers and has been actively seeking international cooperation to strengthen its water-related technologies in recent years.  After signing MOUs with the water companies in Perth, Australia and Yokohama, Japan last year, HueWACO proposed a similar arrangement to TWD during their visit to Taiwan in April 2018. The MOU focuses on water supply technology, customer service, historical site revitalization, and staff training.  The Vietnamese delegation also took the opportunity to visit the Zhitan Water Purification Center, which is the largest facility of its kind in East Asia. They also stopped by the Water Museum to learn about revitalizing historical sites as well as experiencing the excitement of the ongoing Taipei Water Festival.
On August 27, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a press conference on medical intervention treatment for driving-under-influence (DUI) offenders. He noted that the city government continues its effort to minimize the damages from drugs and alcohol upon the public.  The mayor began his address by expressing his gratitude to the District Prosecutors Office. He noted nearly 75-percent of the people incarcerated in Taiwan have committed crimes related to drugs or alcohol.  Citing his background in the medical field, Ko remarked that drug and alcohol addiction are topics which medical centers are not interested in, since addicts do not have any impact on revenues from National Health Insurance payments. For doctors, they have less interest in dealing with patients who are addicts or alcoholics, as they might as well spend the time on outpatient service and surgeries, which generate income.  He explained that this is why he asked the Department of Health to work with Taipei City Hospital (TCH) on this issue, since for doctors of the hospital are employed by the government, their pay will not be affected by investing their time and effort on this issue.   Another point he highlighted is that DUI offenders should not be treated as criminals, but as patients. This has advantages in the long run. He also emphasized that DUI is a problem that consumes social resources heavily and must be dealt with. He warned not to expect the private sector to confront this issue for the government or to rely on moral persuasions. The government should be the one driving the effort, with help from the departments of social welfare, health, legal affairs, police, and prosecutors  even the assistance of staff of prisons and medical institutions are important. Currently, TCH Superintendent Huang Sheng-jean is serving as the head of the project.   Ko noted that cost performance of the treatment process is an important factor, hoping that remedies for those enrolled in the program can be effective  or ones for which treatment is regarded as necessary to prevent repeated offense. He proposed having the prosecutors office coming up with a list of candidates, but pointed out that determining maximum efficiency is a scientific question.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the 2018 TLC Taiwan Legend Championship in Xinyi District on August 26.  During his address, the mayor pointed out that e-Sports is growing in popularity across the world. Based on related statistics, the global audience of e-Sports exceeds those of MLB and NBA. In 2017, the number of e-Sports event viewers in Taiwan has already exceeded 1.7 million.  He recalled that the live broadcast of the annual League of Legends championships at the Youth Development Office always seem to be packed with people. He attended every one of them, and even though he does not understand what hes watching, he could witness the excitement and interest demonstrated by the young fans.  Ko remarked that Taipei treats e-Sports not only as a sport, but also an industry. The city governments policy is to let the private sector lead the way, with the government playing a supportive role.  The videogame competition is supervised by the six direct-rule municipalities and co-organized by UPMEDIA and Garena, with help from Ptt Bulletin Board System. The entire tournament is broadcasted by Chunghwa Telecom MOD and Hami Video.  The mayor noted that the representatives from the six direct-rule municipalities will be vying for the top honor in the tournament. He also reminded the crowd that e-sports is an official category in the ongoing 2018 Asian Games in Jakarta and reminded them to keep track on the progress of Taiwans team during the competition between August 27 and 29 to cheer for local gamers.
In an effort to attract more Malaysian and Singaporean tourists, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) joined hands with Malaysian singer-songwriter Namewee to unleash a new tourism promotion clip on August 25.  The spotlight attracted 300,000 views within 24 hours of publication.  This is the second collaboration between TPEDOIT and Namewee. Roughly 1 year after the success of the previous clip, Namewee returns in Fun Taipei Funny Ads ft. AMOi-AMOi to introduce viewers to Taipei travels focusing on topics such as Taiwanese drama, variety shows, and pop music. The spotlight also featured well-known tourist attractions such as Taipei 101, Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall, National Palace Museum, Dadaocheng, Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall, riverside parks, night markets, and more.  Namewee pointed out one of the highlight of the clip is to highlight the differences in cuisine and lifestyle Singaporean and Malaysian tourists may encounter in Taipei. While similarities do exist  such as Lo Mai Kai and Bi Ge, Bakkutteh and Yao Dun Pai Gu, the delicacies are still quite different.  According to TPEDOIT, Malaysian tourists account for the lions share of tourist from Southeast Asia topping 528,019 in 2017. Compared to 394,326 visitors in 2013, the latest figures indicated a growth of 33.9-percent. The number of Singaporean tourists also jumped from 364,433 in 2013 to 425,577 in 2017  showing a growth of 16.68-percent. 
On August 25, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited the 2018 Tibetan Cultural Exhibition at the Taipei Expo Park at the invitation of organizers.  During his address, the mayor noted that the cultural exhibition explores the history and culture of Tibet, with highlights this year on the oldest and largest version of the Tripitaka assembled by the Derge Parkhang. The collection consists of 108 books, which represents ways to alleviate 108 types of worries of the masses. The anthology is a collection of Buddhist scriptures, laws, and theories.  According to Ko, the history of Buddhism is long and rich, with followers distributed around the world. In addition to interacting with different cultures which resulted in unique developments at respective regions, the Tibetan Buddhism spotlighted at the showcase is a special combination of religion and culture with a place of its own.  Ko remarked that being born a human is a rare opportunity and the chance to listen to the dharma is also hard to come by. He expressed his gratitude to the organizers for investing many years to promote Buddhism, hoping that visitors will receive an infusion of positive energy by learning more about the religion.  When asked by the media about his visit, the mayor explained that he is curious about many things and has a lot of interest in Tibetan Buddhism.
The pedestrian bridge located at the intersection of Chonqing South Road Section 2 and Nanhai Road will be demolished during wee hours this weekend.  The New Constructions Office (NCO) reminds residents to take detours and avoid the area during construction time.  The demolishment of the footbridge will take place between 10 PM on August 24 and 6 AM on August 25.  During these hours, the intersection and roads around the vicinity of the construction site will be either closed to traffic or fall under traffic control to make way for construction vehicles and operations. Drivers in the area during construction hours should either take detours to avoid the site or follow the direction of traffic control personnel.  According to NCO, the cost for dismantling the bridge is NT$900,000. Since August 1, the facility has been closed to pedestrians, and the staircase sections have been removed. The teardown operation will focus on the removal of the bridges primary structure.  
Taipei Broadcasting Station (TBS) announced that the stations radio shows have been shortlisted in five categories for the 2018 Radio Broadcasting Golden Bell Awards!  The finalist list published by the award organizer on August 22 indicated that TBS programs have been nominated for the following categories: Sound Award, Best Children Program, Best Education and Cultural Program, Best Comprehensive Program, and Comprehensive Award Host.  TBS Director Tina Chen noted that given limited resources and manpower, she is pleased to know that shows and hosts of the radio station have been recognized through the nominations in 5 categories. The radio station will continue to produce quality shows as a way for thanking listeners for their support.  The three hosts for Taipei+ING will be competing in the Best Comprehensive Program and Comprehensive Award Host categories, while both the show Republic of Dream and its host Maruko appear as candidates for Best Children Program award. Yang Zhao and his show His Books have been nominated for Best Education and Cultural Program. Chen Wen-bin from Metropolitan Theater  Waiting for Flowers have been shortlisted for the Sound Award.  TBS broadcast shows around the clock and invests much effort in creating quality shows, hoping to let listeners access the voice of Taipei from wherever they are. Please tune in to FM 93.1 or AM 1134 to listen to TBS, or check out the online platform of TBS (www.radio.gov.tw) to access the radio station from across the world. 
The Department of Information and Tourism has teamed up with China Airline, KKday, and local tourism companies in South Korea to offer the FUN TAIPEI Winter Travel Package for Korean tourists planning to visit Taipei.  During the press announcement event at city hall, Information and Tourism Commissioner Chen Su-yu and celebrity Jasper Liu introduced Beitou as a destination combining spas with unique local attractions such as the Beitou Public Library, Hot Spring Museum, Plum Garden, and Thermal Valley.  The 3 main target groups of the newly-designed FUN TAIPEI Winer Travel Package include office workers, friends traveling together, and families. Korean travelers who purchase the FUN TAIPEI flight-and-hotel package from China Airline before November 30 can enjoy amazing discounts, including prices as low as KRW 298,000 for a 3D2N package or KRW 274,000 for a 2D1N package.  Furthermore, under an arrangement with the Korean tour company Modetour, individuals who purchase the designated 4D3N Taipei Hot Spring Tour Package from either Modetours website or at the upcoming COEX exhibition in Seoul between August 30 and September 2 will be eligible to receive a limited version FUN TAIPEI Travelers bag prepared by Taipei City Government. The city government and KKday has also introduced 19 tour packages for independent travelers  Recently-released tourism figures published by the city government indicated that among the 9.7 million international tourists visiting Taipei in 2017, a total of 980,000 visitors hail from South Korea. Roughly 54-percent of the Korean tourists are independent travelers.
To celebrate the 5th anniversary of signing of the MOU on strengthening tourism exchange in 2013, Taipei City and Hamamatsu City co-organized a concert at the first floor of Taipei City Hall to celebrate the occasion on August 22.  At the event, the 24 members from Hamamatsu Lionet Childrens Choir performed a total of 8 songs, including tracks from the animation movie Totoro, while the performers from Donghu Junior High School presented 5 pieces ranging from Taiwanese childrens song Cloudy Day to One Fine Day from Madame Butterfly.  Deputy Commissioner Chen Yu-hsin of the Department of Tourism and Information remarked that Taipei has working on promoting itself as a destination for Japanese school field trips. Noting that the visiting choir comprises young boys and girls, she emphasized that through cultural exchanges, students from both cities will be able to develop international perspectives and learn from each other. This is one of the reasons why Taipei City investing much effort to promote field trips as well.  To celebrate the city-to-city partnership, the two cities announced a joint project to send more tourists to visit the other city. Hamamatsu is the second city to enter such agreement with Taipei City. Under the initiative, tourists visiting the other city between September 15, 2018 and December 15, 2018 will be eligible for free gifts. Taipei will offer trinkets including customized EasyCard, handmade bags, mini lanterns, and cough drops packs. Hamamatsu will give away freebies such as LED light key chains, masking tapes, badges, stickers, and folders.  Hamamatsu City is located in central Japan, a major industrial hub situated in the western part of Shizuoka Prefecture. Many well-known Japanese companies have their roots in the city, including Suzuki, Honda, and Yamaha. The city is also known for hosting major events such as the Hamamatsu International Piano Competition and the Hamamatsu World Youth Music Festival. Well-known tourist attractions in the Japanese city include Hamana Lake (the tenth largest lake in Japan), Hamamatsu Castle, and Hamamatsu Flower Park. For more information on Hamamatsu, please visit the Hamamatsu tourist information website: http://hamamatsu-daisuki.net/ (Japanese)
With the approach of the Moon Festival, September promises to be an exciting month at the Weekend Farmers Market at Taipei Expo Park!  For those looking forward to organizing a delicious outdoor barbecue party while enjoying the view of the full moon, the farmers market is a great place to visit for affordable and quality ingredients.  During the Moon Festival long weekend of September 22 through 23, the organizers will hold fun games to celebrate the festival. Winners of the game will bring home small souvenirs! Visitors can also taste and try out selected farm at the stall next to the main stage, and purchase them for bargain prices! There are also music performances between 2:30 PM and 3:30 PM every Saturday and Sunday at the event.  The activities for the month of September are as follows: Pitaya Weekend (September 1  2) Yunlin County Pomelo and Pineapple Weekend (September 8  9) Nantou County Pomelo and Pineapple Weekend (September 15  16) Hualien County Pomelo Weekend (September 22  23), and National Farm Produce Weekend (September 29  30).  For details on the upcoming Taipei Expo Farmers Market, please visit the Facebook fan page of the activity (https://www.facebook.com/%E5%8F%B0%E5%8C%97%E8%8A%B1%E5%8D%9A%E8%BE%B2%E6%B0%91%E5%B8%82%E9%9B%86-723721420993772/?hc_ref=ARRAGFV4BTUg6VIvO7CjNz32LrAo7hLf7eJphpWfRmZjcRln8RnCk_nNclo24ICu0CU&fref=nf), the Facebook fan page of Department of Economic Development (https://www.facebook.com/doed.taipei/), or the official Chinese website of Taipei Expo Farmers Market (http://www.expofarmersmarket.gov.taipei/).  Taipei Expo Farmers Market Date: Every Saturday and Sunday Time: 10 AM  6 PM Venue: Taipei Expo Park Yuanshan Area 
The Taipei City Youth Development Office (YDO) will hold the Behind the Photos joint photography exhibition at the 5th floor saloon of the agency between August 18 and September 13.  During the opening tea party on August 18, the professional photographers met and chatted with young people who are interested in photography, as well as sharing the story behind the works. A total of 220 works are displayed at the exhibition venue.  The Behind the Photos showcase is the collaboration between YDO and She-jie Photography Forums. The organizers invited professional photographers such as Guo Yong-song and Wu Hsin, as well as members from the photography club of National Taipei University of Technology and YDOs photography summer camp, to showcase their works.  There will also be free hands-on photo studio shootings sessions for visitors during weekdays (first session from 10 AM through noon, and second session from 2 PM through 4 PM) and weekends (10 AM through noon on Saturdays and Sundays). The first 10 participants will receive a high resolution printout.   The exhibition is open between 9 AM and 5 PM. For more information, please visit the Chinese website of YDO (http://www.tcyd.gov.taipei).  Behind the Photos Joint Photography Exhibition  Date: Aug. 18  Sept. 13 Time: 9 AM  5 PM Venue: 5th Floor, YDO (Address: No. 17, Section 1, Renai Road, Zhongzheng District)
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press conference announcing the Taipei Gourmet Month on August 20.  According to Ko, the activity seeks to integrate good food with e-payment. He hopes that in the future, Taipei residents will be able to leave home without their wallet and can enjoy all the great cuisines out there with only a card (or a cell phone).  During his address, the mayor remarked that Taipei became the 30th city to be covered by the Michelin Guide in 2018. While this important event provided a significant boost to Taipeis portfolio in the global cuisine scene, many people noted that only two Taiwanese cuisine restaurants made it onto the list.  Attributing this result to judgements based heavily upon western perspective, the city government invited gourmets to introduce the eight Taiwanese cuisine restaurants participating in the press conference. In addition to raising young peoples awareness about these eateries, the activity also seeks to serve as a warmup to next years Michelins Guide to Taipei.  The mayor also highlighted the city governments push to create a cash-free society. While he admitted that it is impossible to eliminate all cash, his administration has invested much effort into the promotion of cashless transactions. Having visited a marketplace in Wanhua District a few days ago, he considers that the policy has achieved new grounds, noting the presence of EasyCard readers at every stall. Meanwhile, the number of companies dealing with third party payments has grown from 2 in 2016 to 13 today. 
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) will hold the 2018 Dance in Metro International Street Dance Party at the Taipei Arena on August 25!  The organizers invited numerous celebrities to the show, including JR, NikeChen, ANNA, GBOYSWAG, and MJ116. They will have a chance to test their street dance skills against guests from abroad  A-Team Philippines, the Jinjo Crew, and Royal Family Dance Crew.  Other performers taking to the stage include TSD Hip Hop, May the Dance Be with You show winner IP Lockers, third place winner of BOTY competition HRC, and 2018 HHI Taiwan adult division champion HiZam, MoveOn, HRC KiDS, EXPG KIDS, Dance Soul-Flash, Search, and more!  To promote the event, MRT trains decorated to reflect the theme of street dance will be serving passengers traveling the Bannan Line starting today. The dcor seeks to convey the message of vitality and dream realization through integrating images of dancers with urban landscape elements such as graffiti, streets, and roller shutter doors.  The dance party will be broadcasted live on TTV and MOD Channel 301 (SET Taiwan). Live streaming of the event will also be available via Vidol, iQIYI Taiwan, and KKBOX Facebook Live.  For more information on the event, please visit the official Chinese website (http://danceinmetro.com.tw) or the Chinese website of TRTC (http://www.metro.taipei). Details are also available by calling the 24-hour customer service hotline of TRTC (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline.
Kicking-off on August 13, the 2018 X BFA U12 Baseball Championship attracted the participation of teams from Japan, Indonesia, Sri Lanka, South Korea, India, Hong Kong, Pakistan, and Chinese Taipei.  The competition this year is organized by the Baseball Federation of Asia (BFA) and co-hosted by the Taipei City Government Department of Sports and the Chinese Taipei Baseball Association (CTBA).  The finals and the award presentation ceremony were held at the Youth Park baseball field in the evening of August 19. Dignitaries attending the event include Deputy Commissioner of Sports Liu Ning-tian, CTBA Chairman Jeffrey Koo Jr., and BFA Chairman Peng Cheng-ho.  Following a week of heated competition, the local team emerged as the winner after defeating South Korea with a final score of 3 to 2. This is the 7th first place trophy brought home by the young athletes of the Chinese Taipei team.  During his address, Deputy Commissioner Liu praised the local athletes for their effort in taking first place. He also encouraged the participants from different nations to continue their hard work in setting new records and achievement. He also expressed his gratitude to the audience for taking time to cheer for the young baseball players.
At the invitation of a local religious organization, Mayor Ko Wen-je presided as the head ceremony official at a pudu event to commemorate the Ghost Festival.  As the head ceremony official of the event, the mayor donned traditional priest garments and read from the scripture to pay his respects to the deceased.  During his speech, Ko noted that pudu is referred to as Ullambana in Buddhism. Both the pudu and Yulan Festival seeks to assuage the suffering of the deceased in the underworld and the ghosts who are lost or no longer worshipped.  According to the mayor, the purpose of the Corporation Republic of Hwa Dzan Society is to purify the souls of the mass, provide support for Pureland followers, and promote the teachings of dharma master Ching Kung. He believes that many residents have seen them on TV before, promoting traditional culture education through a diversified approach combining the elements of Confucianism, Buddhism, and Taoism.  Citing the Hwa Dzan Societys focus in promoting Chinese culture and filial piety in recent years, the mayor noted that the group has also strengthened efforts related to diversity education and ancestral worship. The mayor added that he is here to seek blessings and prosperity for the people of Taiwan, wishing everyone good fortune for the year.
On August 16, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the award ceremony for the 2018 Fashion Art Taipei Design Competition. He took to the catwalk dressed in a black-and-white overcoat which incorporated the image of several Taipeis landmarks.  The mayor also presided over the award presentation for the 1st place winner and the design with the most marketing potential. He also took the opportunity to congratulate all 12 winners of this years competition.  During his address, the mayor remarked that he cant even recognize himself in the glamorous outfit. Noting that Taipeis rich supply of design energy, he pointed out it has numerous advantages as a city of design, including large scale clothing cluster with strong characteristics.  In terms of facilities, he noted that the Department of Economic Development has set up the Fashion Taipei center at Taipei Expo Park in 2018. Combined with the Xiyuan 29 Fashion Institute, the Design Atelier, and renovated second-through-fourth floors of Yongle Market, Taipei demonstrates much potential in transforming itself into a wholesale and processing center for the fashion and textile industries.  He cited that over 70-percent of the designers working for Taiwanese brands live in Taipei, showing the high concentration of talents in the city. The city government has been organizing the fashion art-related events for six years, and many of the past winners have ascended to the global stage to promote their works. He cited Justin Chou as an example  one of the winners of past competitions and currently a rising star in New Yorks fashion industry.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press event announcing the Beautiful Touch II: Reading Space Tour event in the afternoon of August 16. The activity seeks to promote the Garden City 2.0 programs effort to create reading areas at parks and green spaces across Taipei.  During his address, the mayor noted that the first step is to establish the relationship between men and books and the next step is to work upwards and relink people to people.  Praising this concept as something new and innovative, he recalled that in the beginning the ambition behind the implementation of the Garden City Initiative was to make the city into something more than a jungle of concrete. With the gradual success of the project in creating more green spaces across the urban landscape, the Garden City 2.0 seeks to integrate elements of maintenance and design into the landscape. This is why the city government is working with the staff from Beautiful Touch.  He pointed out that the environment needs to be maintained, and people are required to ensure that the books placed in the public open area is kept safe from the elements and remain organized. This interaction will slowly encourage interaction among members of the community, which helps people to become connected once again.  The mayor also expressed his gratitude to the team from Beautiful Touch. He noted that the working relationship with the organization has been successful since their first collaboration with Shidong Market.  The setting up of reading spaces across city parks has been made possible with the help of 30 borough chiefs across 10 districts, as well as the input from 20 designers. The 30 sites can be found across administrative districts including Zhongzheng, Daan, Neihou, Zhongshan, Songshan, Xinyi, Shilin, Nangang, Beitou, and Wanhua.
To welcome the start of the fall semester, the All Pass Ticket monthly pass can now be purchased and merged with student EasyCards and student ID EasyCards starting August 27.  To purchase the monthly pass, students will need to bring a student EasyCard or student ID EasyCard (a digital student ID for students 12 years old which is jointly issued by the EasyCard Corporation and local government/school authority) to MRT stations kiosks or ticket vending/value-adding machines.  Since the introduction of the MRT-and-bus monthly pass on April 16, numerous commuters have adopted the option and significantly boosted the utilization rate of public transportation among residents of Taipei City and New Taipei City.  According to the Department of Transportation, an average of 220,000 monthly pass has been used on the public transportation network each day over the 4 month period since April. It also reported a repeat purchase rate reaching 90-percent.  Meanwhile, the utilization rate of MRT, public buses, and YouBike has seen a respective 1.7-percent, 1-percent, and 25.5-percent growth between April and June when compared to the same period in 2017.  The agency emphasized that the monthly pass program is an important element of the overall policy encouraging green transportation. By integrating measures such as Metro Bus, YouBike transit discount, reevaluation of motorcycle and car fees, and banning of mopeds from arcades and sheltered walkways, the city seeks to increase the share of green transportation to 70-percent by 2022.  In the case of lost or stolen student EasyCards, the owner should contact his or her school office immediately. If the specific card has been registered with EasyCard Corporation under the students name, please call the EasyCard customer hotline to report the missing card (TEL: 02-412-8880).
The first solar-powered bus stop in Taiwan is now open to the public at the MRT CKS Memorial Hall Station (Bureau of Labor Insurance) stop!  Served by 10 bus lines, the bus stop is able to run 14 days without need to recharge when the batteries are full. It also allows commuters to help generate electricity for the facility via hand cranking device while waiting. The display screen at the stop can display information for up to four routes at a time.  Due to limits regarding power line deployment in the vicinity, the bus stop has never received a smart upgrade, with commuters unable to access real time information through the facility. Therefore, the location has been given the priority in site selection for the solar-powered bus stop project.  Compared with traditional smart bus stops which require 4 to 6 months of construction time, the solar-powered version only requires road construction permit and can be up and running within a month.  The Public Transportation Office pointed out that the solar-powered bus stop pilot project offers an alternative solution to tackling the problem of inability to access the power grid at specific bus stops. In 2018, a total of 10 bus stops with solar panels and hand crank generators and 2 pure solar-powered bus stops will be installed under the program.
In the interest of promoting tourism, the Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation will be adding Japanese to the station arrival alert at a number of MRT stations frequented by Japanese tourists starting August 10.  The station name pronounced in Japanese will be added to the broadcast when the train approaches the respective stations. The arrival alert currently includes the station name pronounced in Mandarin, English, Taiwanese, and Hakka.  A total of 13 stations are on the list of stations with Japanese language alerts, with service to be implemented for tourist attractions such as MRT Shilin Station and MRT Taipei 101/World Trade Center Station.  Over time, the Japanese language station arrival alert will be expanded to the other stations, including MRT Dongmen Station, MRT Tamsui Station, MRT Jiantan Station, MRT CKS Memorial Hall station, MRT Beitou Station, MRT Xinbeitou Station, MRT Zhongshan Station, MRT Taipei Main Station, MRT Ximen Station, and MRT Longshan Temple Station.  According to statistics, the Greater Taipei Area attracted 3.4 million tourists from across Asia in 2017. Among these tourists, 1.5 million came from Japan, accounting for 47-percent of Asian visitors.  TRTC noted that ticket vending machine currently offers interface in Chinese, English, Japanese, Korean, Malaysian, Thai, Vietnamese, Indonesian, German, French, and Italian.
The Department of Sports (SPD) organized a meeting between Sports Affairs Commissioner Lee Tzai-li and athletes from Taipei preparing for the upcoming Asian Games in Indonesias Palembang at the National Sports Training Center on August 13.  Lee presented bonus meal money to the members of the team on behalf of Mayor Ko Wen-je, noting that he looks forward to outstanding performances by the athletes in the competition made possible through months of intense training. He also wished the athletes the best of luck at claiming trophies.  With the national team, a total of 78 individuals hail from Taipei City and will compete across 25 sports categories, including track and fields, table tennis, taekwondo, badminton, golf, gymnastics, karate, and more.  Stars like pole vault expert Wu Jia-ru and sprint runner Sophie Liao have continued to set outstanding records and express their confidence in achieving top results at the 2018 Asian Games. The badminton team includes top players such as Wang Tzu-wei, Hsu Jen-hao, Wang Chi-lin, and Lee Chia-hsin all look forward to bringing home the gold medal.  Through the implementation of Regulations Governing the Establishment of Grassroots Training Stations, SPD has worked hard on strengthening competitive sports training for athletes for over a decade. It will continue its effort in the future and support these training stations in areas such as the replacement and expansion of equipment training environment upgrade recruitment of foreign coaches arrangement of training sessions abroad subsidies for training frees sports science and training optimization and introduction of sports injury prevention team.
Pianist Rolf-Peter Wille received his ROC ID card at the Daan District Office on August 13. He is the 6th foreign national who has been naturalized based on personal skills and accomplishments. He is also the first musician among this privileged group of new citizens.  According to Daan District Household Registration Office Director Tsai Wen-ru, Wille and his wife Lina Yeh are the pioneers in Taiwan for concertos featuring two pianos. They also perform and conduct exchanges with top international orchestras and groups. They also serve as host for a show aired on Philharmonic Radio Taipei, introducing piano music and renowned pianists throughout history to listeners.  A German national, Wille taught at the Taipei National University of the Arts and contributed over 40 years of his life into the music education of locals. He and his wife has also been invited to meet with Pope Benedictus XVI and performed on behalf of Taiwan for a concert at the Vatican, significantly boosting the islands international profile. For this accomplishment, he was awarded a Muyi Diplomacy Medal by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.  Wille remarked that since his arrival on the island on the day of his 24th birthday, he has treated this place as his home. He recalled that all the concerts, performances abroad, students, written works, and music compositions more or less have to do with Taiwan. He enjoys Taiwans living environment, noting that his favorite leisure activities including hiking at mountains near Taipei and riding the bicycle along the riverside paths.  To welcome Wille to the great community of Taipei, the district office prepared souvenirs including a Hakka-design coaster and German snacks for the couple, to express their gratitude for their works in the realm of classic music over 4 decades and their contributions to the island.
The Department of Civil Affairs (DCA) will be teaming up again with 20 temples and shrines across the city to implement the policy of replacing paper money with rice packages for offerings.  The pilot project kicked-off on August 11. In addition, the first 100 people adopting the practice are eligible to receive the bonus gift of limited-version rice spoon from the agency (An individual subscribing to the practice is eligible for only 1 rice spoon).  Some of the partner institutions working with DCA on the program for 2018 include: Jifu Temple, Gangkou Fengsheng Temple, Xinyi Tianhou Temple, Zhenan Temple, Jiufu Xianshi Puhui Shrine, Zhifu Temple, 228 Peace Park Fude Temple, Changqing Temple, Beimenkou Fuju Temple, Dalongtong Bao Gong Temple, Taipei Beian Temple, Bangka Qingshan Temple, Jingmei Jiying Temple, Lingzhen Temple, Nangang Ciyan Temple, Funan Temple, Taipei Huguo Yanping Temple, Jinbi Temple, Tianmu Sanyu Temple, and Shilin Street Fude Temple.  According to DCA, the practice is inspired by Yinfu Shouzuo (divine blessing upon the wine and food offerings) of Zhou Dynasty. The peace rice is taken to the temple and presented as offerings to the gods. After the ceremony, it is brought back to the home and shared among other members of the family. Such act symbolizes the sharing of divine blessings as well.  For more information about the practice, please contact DCA via the 1999 Citizens Hotline (1999, ext. 6239, Ms. Chang) or visit the Chinese website dedicated to carbon emission reduction through best practices during religious ceremonies: http://reduce-co2.civil.taipei/Default.aspx 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the 2018 Maokong Chinese Valentines Festival Tea-sealing event. He noted that the mountainous region of Wenshan is one of the most important tourist attractions of Taipei, and the top place to visit for those seeking good tea or great cityscape view at night.  In his address, Ko pointed out that growing tea is one of the most important industry in the area. The promotion of each local produce incorporates elements of culture, and that is the reason for the practice of fengcha (literally Tea-sealing). He pointed out that these sealed cans are created by putting tea leaves and written well-wishes into a tea can at the end of the year or on the day of a special event  an act of treasuring good fortune.  For the Chinese Valentines and Tea-sealing event at Maokong, the mayor called out to young couples to take the bus to Zhinan Temple and visit the local marketplace at the temple. They can buy a souvenir and attend hands-on session for making fengcha, placing their well-wishes in the time capsule of tea leaves.   The mayor also lauded the convenience provided by smartphone apps for point collection. All customers have to do is to scan the QRcode of participating businesses or use the app to accumulate points. He added that Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation runs the Maokong Gondola and encourages visitors to take public transit to keep the roads clear of busy traffic.  When answering media questions on the progress of the Three-Mao Project, the mayor remarked that planning is still ongoing. In addition to the construction of the zoo mall, he stressed that many experts who visited the site noted that there will be a problem with balancing out the cost if only the zoo mall exists. Therefore, it is important to devise an overall plan covering nearby areas such as section 4 and 5 of Muzha Road, the zoo, and Maokong. Currently, a total of NT$5 million has been invested in the overall planning.
On August 11, the Department of Civil Affairs (DCA) will hold the Enjoying the Summer Breeze Concert at the Lin Antai Historical House. The organizer invites the public to enjoy music and refreshment, enjoying summer afternoons in a more traditional manner.  Artists appearing at the event include Michael Shih, Kid King, and Bah-Tsang-Kak.  Starting at 3:30 PM on the day of the event, visitors will be able to visit stalls showcasing goods and games from decades ago, including tops, menko, and all sorts of traditional playthings resurrecting nostalgic memories of adults. Beginning at 3:30 PM, the event organizer will give away material packs allowing individuals to build pull-string toys. A total of 300 packs are available.  At 4 PM, visitors can pick up freshly-cut watermelon, as well as a bowl of fig gelatin ice to fend off the summer heat. A total of 600 servings will be given away.  For fans of traditional Chinese architecture, volunteer guides offer an in-depth tour of the mansion as well. Theres also a hands-on event teaching visitors on how to use four-color printing boards for those interested.   The organizers have arranged for free transfer shuttles leaving from MRT Yuanshan Station (Exit 1) every 30 minutes between 3 PM and 5:30 PM on the day of the event. For more information, please visit the Chinese website of Lin An Tai Historical Home at: http://linantai.taipei
To strengthen promotion of traffic safety among young motorcyclists, the Department of Transportation (DOT) organized a quiz and giveaway event at the Vie Show Cinema Xinyi Plaza on August 9. The agency is strengthening promotion efforts targeting the age group between 18 and 25 during the summer vacation period.  Top prizes include the latest championship T-shirt of Dacin Tiger, attracting the attention of numerous fans of the basketball team.  Taking advantage of the off-season period of local SBL pro basketball league, the agency invited the athletes from Dacin Tiger to the event. Basketball celebrities including Lin Yi-hui, Wong Jia-hong, Chang Chia-jung, Shih Yen-tsung, and Sung Yu-hsuan attended the event to interact with fans.   Lin noted that he himself rides motorcycles and understands the importance of motorcycle safety. He calls upon motorcyclists to observe the speed limit and pay attention to their own safety when on the road. Wong reminds motorcyclists not to play with their smartphones when waiting for the red light or moving.  DOT reminds the public that with the end of summer vacation and the start of school in September, young people should avoid speeding and switching lanes without warning when they ride their mopeds to minimize the possibility of accidents.
Mayor Ko Wen-je kicked-off a series of activities celebrating the upcoming Double Ninth Festival by joining senior citizens and dance instructor Kimiko in performing the new Bravo exercise dance on August 8.  During his address, Ko noted that living and moving (ones body) are closely related. Exercising not only helps you maintain a healthy body, but is also effective in slowing down the aging process, as well as lowering the possibilities of dementia and incapacitation. However, realizing that workouts may be boring, the city government designed the Bravo exercise dance to make the routine more fun.  He stressed that the group of residents who are 65 or older will account for 20-percent of Taipeis population in another 4 years. This is the effect of the postwar baby boom and the drop in birth rate over the years. Taiwans aging problem results in a gourd-like shape in the age group demographics of the citys population, and that is the reason why the city government needs to build more social welfare institutes serving senior citizens.  The mayor remarked that senior citizens have different needs based upon their age and conditions. He hopes that elders lives not only longer, but also a healthier life. Noting that Finnish elders who can still move around outdoors even before their final days, Taiwanese elders spend an average of 7 years being bedridden at the end of their lives. That is why Taipeis senior citizen policies seek to encourage them to go out and explore, whether through discounts on bus rides, establishment of shared meal locations, classes at activity centers, or introduction of hospital services and checkups at places where they assemble.  Ending his speech by stressing the importance of constructing a comprehensive care system for old people, Ko pointed out that we need to take the necessary preparations in the face of a rapidly aging society. 
The Taipei Symphony Orchestra will be holding a performance at an unprecedented venue  the Beitou Train Depot  for three consecutive nights from August 10th through 12th.  The Surrogate Cities opera is the work of composer Heiner Goebbel, who received inspiration from Hugo Hamiltons novel of the same name. The musical spectacle has been held at over 80 cities around the world. Following a successful performance at the Volkswagen plant in Germanys Hannover last year, the Beitou Depot has been chosen as the venue for the events Asian premiere in 2018.  For concert attendees, the Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation will offer transit trains which will travel between MRT Qilian Station and the Beitou Train Depot during the concert period.  Those planning to take the transit train should meet outside Exit 1 of MRT Qilian Station at the designated meetup time. By producing their concert tickets, concert attendees will receive a wristband which serves as boarding ticket and needs to be worn at all times on board the train.  Surrogate Cities: A Concert by TSO Date: August 10, 11, 12 Time: 7:30 pm  9 PM Venue: MRT Beitou Depot  Info on Special Transit Train from MRT Qilian Station Commute Time: 20 minutes Meetup Point: At the entrance of MRT Qilian Station Exit 1 (outside the MRT station) Meetup Time: August 10: 6:20 PM August 11: 6:00 PM (1st train), 6:20 PM (2nd train) August 12: 6:00 PM (1st train), 6:20 PM (2nd train) 
To strengthen tourism promotion in Japan, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) took part in the lantern parade procession at the renowned Nebuta Festival of Aomori Prefecture. This is the first time for foreign tourism agency to participate in the parade at the invitation of the organizers.  According to statistics from the Tourism Bureau, over 1.8 million Japanese tourists visited Taiwan in 2017. The number of Japanese nationals arriving in Taiwan between January and May of 2018 saw an increase of 3-percent compared to the same period last year.  In the interest of attracting more tourists, the city government has strengthened its exchange with numerous cities and prefectures in Japan. Following its participation at the 2018 Taipei International Lantern Festival and exchanges on organization of large-scale events with Taipei City, the city of Hirosaki invited Taipei City Government to take part in one of the largest festivities in northeastern Japan.  In addition to taking part in the lantern parade, TPEDOIT also set up booth to promote city tourism and the 2019 Taipei International Lantern Festival at the plaza in front of Hirosaki Train Station. In addition to the rows of lanterns decorating the booth, those who stopped by the booth also received souvenirs including a key chain decorated by images of Taipeis famous food culture.  As one of the three major festivals of the Tohoku region, the Aomori Nebuta Festival is usually held between late July and early August in several cities within Aomori prefecture, such as Aomori, Hirosaki, Kuroishi, and Goshogawara. The festival attracts 1.6 million tourists from across Japan every year and was placed on the list of important intangible folk culture property of Japan in 1980.
Taipei Broadcasting Station (TBS) celebrated its 57th anniversary on August 7. The press conference merged broadcast and Facebook live-streaming to create an on-site experience for listeners, therefore allowing the audience at the event to share their experience online.  Dignitaries attending the press event included TBS Director Tina Chen, Mayor Ko Wen-je, and Department of Information and Tourism Commissioner (TPEDOIT) Chen Su-yu, former director and centenarian Liu Chien-han, and the heads of local and neighboring boroughs of the radio station.  During his speech, the mayor remarked that TBS has experienced four major eras since its founding in 1961, including past incarnations Tien Hsing Radio Station, Civil Defense Radio Station, and Taipei City Administration Radio Station. He expressed his hope that the radio station will deliver the message of values of improvement and joining citizens in welcoming a future characterized by City of Glory.  Commissioner Chen of TPEDOIT hopes that TBS will incorporate even more vitality and creativity into the creation of quality programs, in an effort to reflect the opinions of citizens.  According to Director Chen, TBS has accompanied the society through development and changes over the past 57 years. Today, the radio station continues to provide quality and diverse programs, promote city policies, and adopt new technologies to better serve the public.  The celebration this year added the awareness of charity to the conference, encouraging the audience and listeners to donate uniform invoice. The forms and other donations will be forwarded to Ti-hwei Childrens Home.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended an event at Taipei Confucius Temple commemorating Fathers Day on August 5. During his address, he noted that while it is easy to provide offerings to satisfy material needs, its significantly more challenging to continue showing the love and attention to ones parents. He encourages the public to chat with their mom and dad, as doing so will make them happy.  The mayor noted that if you look at the number 8 horizontally, you see the symbol representing infinity. That is why the activity is called 88  Infinite Love.  Dividing the generations into three groups  20 to 40 years old, 40 to 60 years old, 60 years old or older, Ko remarked that people between 40 and 60 years of age, which he calls the pressure generation, face the most challenge as they have to look after both kids and aging parents. He recalled phoning his mother in Hsinchu to check on how she was recovering from a twisted ankle last week, but during the 10-minute long distance conversation she didnt even mention anything about the hurt ankle. The conversation itself is already something enjoyable for her.  Ko pointed out that he realized parents tend to forget everything else when their kids show their affection for them and willing to talk to them. Being able to maintain such relationship is much more difficult than satisfying their material needs.  Responding to media questions about whether he has a chance to chat with his dad on celebrating Fathers Day with him, Ko replied no because his father is hard of hearing and dislikes talking over the phone. As for whether his kids will celebrate Fathers Day with him, he completely ruled out the possibility.
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the inauguration ceremony for both the Guandu Water Supply Pipe and Dadu Distribution Pond and Booster Station on August 3.  In the interest of creating an environment for stable water supply, the Water Department has implemented plans to construct a dual supply pipe backup system. The new facilities allow both Shilin and Beitou districts to be included into the zones served by the dual supply pipelines, as well as ensure the water supply of important locations such as the Beitou-Shilin Technology Park, Guandu plains, and Shezidao.  The Water Department explains that Taipei City is divided into 11 areas in terms of water supply. Given that the supply pipeline for each district works as a major artery, it is vital to have another backup pipeline system which will be able to serve as substitute in the event that the main pipe is damaged by road construction or other accidents. This arrangement also ensures no interruption in water supply to households when conducting scheduled maintenance and leak checks.  According to the agency, the recently-completed distribution pond has a capacity for 25,000 tons of water. Furthermore, the booster station offers three specs of desired pressure to water supply. Compared to traditional booster methods, the new method is able to conserve 30-percent of the electricity. This translates into a NT$2.5 million reduction in the utility bill per year.  The facilities also help to resolve the problem of long period of waiting time required for water supply to resume after water stoppages. For Beitou and Shilin, the wait time is reduced from 8 hours to 4 hours. 
On August 2, Labor Commissioner Lai Hsiang-lin led staffs from the Department of Labor (DOL) on an inspection visit to the MRT construction site on Nanhai Road. The visitors checked outdoor working conditions of workers and heat preventive measures adopted by the site operator.  The delegation found that the temperature of the worksite reached 39 to 40-degree Celsius, and the site operator has set up rest areas and water supply facilities in compliance with local regulations.  As of July 31, DOL has conducted 1461 rounds of inspection and issued 23 improvement orders.  The summer heat has set a new record in Taipei, with thermometers reaching a record-breaking 38.5-degree Celsius on July 6. The Central Weather Bureau continues to issue excessive heat warnings, and the blazing sun is expected to push temperatures past 37-degree Celsius in the month of August.  Some of the outdoor occupations which are at risk of extreme temperature include workers dealing with constructions, installation of billboards and signs, window-washing, street maintenance, gardening, and cable line repair. Hazards include high temperature-related illness (such as heat stroke, heat exhaustion, and febrile seizure) and triggered accidents resulting from feinting, inability to concentrate, or other negative effects from the blazing heat.  Commissioner Lai reminded businesses and companies to comply with section 6 of article 324 under the Rules for the Occupational Safety and Health Facilities, adopting preventative measures in response to weather conditions. These may include lowering workplace temperature, providing shaded place for resting, offering appropriate drinks or salt water, adjusting work hours, increasing work site patrol frequency, implementing health management schedules, or other measures. Violators who cause employees to suffer heat-related illness may face fines up to NT$300,000. 
The Department of Information and Tourism published the guidelines on the licensing of Bravo the bear  the well-known mascot of the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei  during a press conference on August 2.  Dignitaries attending the event included Kuai Kuai CEO Chou Ming, Story Accessory CEO Wilson Ma, and Founder of Hypersonic Chou Yin-huan.  According to TPEDOIT Commissioner Chen Su-yu, there was a period following the success of the Universiade which saw the release of many pirated Bravo merchandise in the market. This situation convinced the agency to set up the guidelines to protect the intellectual property rights of Bravo. In addition, she believes that there should be more opportunities for the mascot of the city government by making it into a brand.  Chen added that the licensing arrangement will not affect Bravos capacity as the city governments spokesscot. In addition to its participation in the upcoming Equal Rights for Childrens Music project in September, Bravo will also travel to Japan and the US later this year to promote Taipei City.  An array of Bravo-licensed products was also unveiled at the press conference, spanning silverwares to car accessories to snacks.  In principle, there are two types of licensing agreement for Bravo the Bear  non-commercial use and commercial use. For the complete licensing guideline and the review process, please visit the Chinese website of Taipei Travel Web: 
The Department of Economic Development announced that the renovation of the third floor of Yongle Market in Datong District has completed after 9 months of working. The facility is Taiwans most vibrant wholesale market for cloth and fabric.  The overhaul project cost a total of NT$60 million and is jointly funded by both the Market Administration Office and the Self-governing Association of Yongle Fabric Market. In addition to renovating the dated appearance of the floor, constructions also renewed pipelines, air-condition facility, and powerlines to strengthen the safety of the marketplace.  Dadaocheng has been an important hub of international commerce since the Japanese colonial period. Shipments of locally produced oil, rice, sugar cane, dye, tea, and camphor travel to destinations around the world.  Among the merchandise, clothing and fabric used to rank on top of the list, with Yongle Market being the most well-known as the place to go for fabric wholesale. However, with the global trend shifting from bespoke garments to affordable clothing, the majority of customers of the market also underwent changes as well.  Established in 1985, the fabric marketplace on the third floor of the building is known for quality fabric with an affordable price. Customers can also acquire products such as tailor-made curtains and bed sheets, while many celebrities and cosplayers consult experienced weavers to create the clothing they need. Bravos costume is also the work of the master craftsmen at Yongle Market.
The Public Transportation Office (PTO) announced that solar-powered smart bus stops will be installed at selected sites in the near future as a part of a pilot program.  In the interest of making public transportation more accessible, the expansion of smart bus stops has been a focus of Taipeis public transportation strategy. However, there are a number of bus stop sites within the city which has problem connecting to power lines.  As a result, PTO will be implementing the pilot program to test out two kinds of smart bus stops which utilizes solar power to run on its own. The two models include:   Smart bus stop integrating solar panel and hand crank generator: This bus stop includes both solar panels and hand crank unit, allowing users to help power the bus stop if they want. When fully charged, the bus stop can operate for 14 days without sunlight. The stops running display can show up to 4 bus routes at once. Smart bus stop with solar panel: This bus stop comes with solar panels covering a larger area. When fully charged, the bus stop can operate for 30 days without sunlight. The stop itself also offers a running display which can show a maximum of 8 bus routes at once.   According to PTO, these bus stops can be monitored remotely to keep track of battery status. Furthermore, the display units of the bus stop are the first in the nation to incorporate electronic paper technology. This helps to reduce power consumption and  factoring the protection offered by UV anti-dust coating  significantly extends the life expectancy of the facility in outdoor environment.
Do you need new suggestions on where to visit to ward off the heat of the blazing sun? The Taipei Expo Park invites the public to visit the newly established aquatic plant zone at the Xinsheng Park Area.  The new aquatic plant zone is located next to the Rose Garden. Parks and Street Lights Office Director Huang Li-yuan noted that the Xinsheng Park Area has always attracted visitors who enjoy taking short walks and exercise. A large number of flower enthusiasts and photographers turn up at the garden during the spring and autumn seasons as well. In addition, the Garden Maze nearby is a fun facility for visitors who enjoy exploring and finding their ways in a plant-filled labyrinth.  According to Yuangshan Park Facility Management Division Chief Lai Cheng-fu, the new aquatic plant zone consists of several large containers housing aquatic plants. The presence of water has the benefit of cooling surrounding temperature and attracts birds to the area. To provide shaded resting areas for visitors, large parasols have been set up with seats placed underneath.  Furthermore, some of the more heat-resilient roses are also blooming at the Rose Garden next door, making this area an idea place for parents to take their children during the summer break.  PSLO indicates that the plants in the aquatic plant zone includes ginger lily, umbrella sedge, water bamboo, taro, papyrus, lotus, water lily, water poppy, alisma, arrowhead, pipewort, mosaic plant, and more. 
After installing a number of indigenous culture-inspired bus stops across all 12 administrative districts in 2017, the Public Transportation Office (PTO) continues its effort to promote indigenous culture by replacing 2 aged bus stops in Nangang and Shilin districts with new ones boasting indigenous elements.  The two stations are officially inaugurated on Indigenous Peoples Day (August 1).  According to PTO, the design for the new bus stops is handled by indigenous artist Milay. The new facilities  Nanggang High School stop located at Nangang District and Wesley Girls High School stop at Shilin District respectively  incorporate the indigenous totem images owl, mountain, and forest with the characteristics of Beiyuan Hall and Indigenous Peoples Park to create vivid and three-dimensional works which merges traditional and modern art.  The agency stressed that the concept of the bus stop outside Nangang High School is based on the concept of encountering owls. The facility adopts steel plate painting, spray lacquer, and totem-design benches to provide a 3-dimensional appearance of the art decorations. For indigenous culture, owl is the auspicious symbol representing good fortune.  On the other hand, the key concept for the design of the bus stop at Wesley Girls High School is waiting for you in the mountains and forest. Milay produced an artwork incorporating the beauty of rural lifestyle and objects symbolizing the colors and vitality of the great outdoors, hoping to evoke tranquility for those waiting at the bus stop and freeing them from the confines of busy urban life. 
To express its gratitude to the members of the public who took part in the participatory budgeting process pertaining to the FY 2018 Budget, the Department of Civil Affairs organizes a thank-you tea event for those involved at the first floor lobby of city hall on July 28.  In addition to honoring individuals whove submitted proposals, members of the public review committee, and schools, the mayor also presented them with a special commemorative EasyCard Buzz Card to express the city governments gratitude for their contribution.  Among the many proposals submitted via the participatory budget process, the creation of a folk dance club for new immigrants set forth by Ms. Kuo and Ms. Tang seeks to help foreign spouses establish a new channel for social interaction through the organization of new immigrant dance course, the providing of venues, and the construction of a dedicated website.  Another case attracting attention is the proposal of establishing a guideline to create a pedestrian-friendly space in lanes and alleys. The proposal by Ms. Chang seeks to establish green pedestrian walkway on one side and paid parking space on the other side of alleys to ensure that these routes remain free of obstacles.  During the district-level review phase of the participatory budget proposals, the city government organized 12 proposal submission information sessions, 46 resident meetings, and 31 review workshops. A total of 3,896 residents took part in the activities, determining 42 cases for implementations and 49 cases to be submitted to i-Voting for final decision. A total of 102,948 people participated in i-Voting.
The Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) is currently conducting renovation work to overhaul the facilities at Muzha Incineration Plant to reduce carbon emission, boost efficiency of electricity generation, and improve building safety. However, the decision to alter the design of the chimney had evoked different opinions among residents.  In the interest of incorporating public opinions on the design, DEP announced that the image on the chimney will be decided through i-Voting mechanism. The results of the online voting will be reviewed and discussed by committee members of the Taipei City Public Participation Committee.  The i-Voting process will be finalized in 3-month, with the design determined by the end of October at the earliest.  According to DEP, the renovation period of the incineration plant will last through 2019. Facilities including the chimney, the emission treatment system, the thermal heat recovery unit, and the electricity apparatus will be reinforced.  The plan of replacing the current giraffe chimney with blue magpie design was proposed on June 13, followed by a local hearing session on July 6. Topics such as schedule, improvements, progress, and environmental impacts were covered during the event. However, many among the audience expressed the desire to retain the original giraffe design. To ensure the input of citizens in the planning process, DEP decided to adopt i-Voting as a way of incorporating public opinions into the final decision.
After 30 years of service, the playground, pavilion, and walkway facilities underwent a series of renovation to incorporate new emphasis such as green beautification and replacement of the old looks. After renovations, the pavilion and playground facilities won many praises from local users.  With the limited resource of urban space and the diversified needs of growing number of residents, the Parks and Street Lights Office focused the design concept on connecting people and forging relationship.  According to PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan, one of the most obvious changes in the park could be found in the design of the playground facility. The new design allows parents to watch while kids enjoy swings, climbing, and sliding actions. Furthermore, a wash basin nearby also allows kids to clean their hands and feet after standing time playing.  Chief Lin of the Yangmingshan Park Facility Management Division pointed out that the parks playground facility was originally located under tree shades, shielding kids from the glaring sun and summer heat. However, the aged and deteriorating floor mat poses a risk to children playing in the area.  After the overhaul, the facility has been relocated to a larger open space  in addition to creating a second playground. The floor area is now covered by an artificial turf for added protection, while gravel material has been used for the slides and other play facilities to enhance shock-absorbance ability.
On July 29, Mayor Ko Wen-je headed a city delegation on a visit to Hsinchu City Government for city-to-city exchange.  During his meeting with Hsinchu Mayor Lin Chih-chien, Ko noted that Hsinchu City is his hometown and an important place for him. Through the city-to-city exchange, he hopes to provide Hsinchu City references for future development through Taipeis experiences in urban renewal under the West District Gateway Project and the organization of the 2017 Taipei Summer Universiade.  Ko recalled that he had never left Hsinchu City until college, but both his father and mother, as well as the majority of relatives and classmates, still reside in the city. In a survey of people who accessed his Facebook account, he noted that users from Hsinchu accounts for the second highest number of visitors, showing the close link to people from his hometown.  The city government forms delegations to visit other municipal government twice a year. There is a special meaning for choosing Hsinchu as the destination for this visit. As a city with 300 years of history, Hsinchu is the home to the renowned Hsinchu Science Park, as well as a large number of residents with high income. He believes that a cluster comprising such high income and highly educated individuals has a significant impact on Hsinchus cultural scene.  The mayor also praised Lin for his professional attitude. Being the youngest mayor in Taiwan, Lin takes much effort to administer a municipality consisting of high income and highly educated population. Ko says he knows the details because his parents live in the city and they would share their opinions on city administration with him. He contributes the rapid development of the city to the young mayor, a responsive central government, and a well-established city foundation.  Regarding the rapid growth of the city, Mayor Lin noted that the park inside the local zoo is slated for completion by the end of August, while the overhaul of the entire zoo facility will be completed in July next year.
To encourage the habit of reading among children during summer vacation, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) will organize a used book swapping and giveaway at the first floor lobby of city hall on July 30 and 31.  The Midsummer Yanhui Book Warehouse event invites students to bring their student ID and other identification document to receive free books. Members of the public can also bring unwanted books from their homes to swap for books from the warehouse, as well as bring used batteries to the event for book exchange.  At the event, there will be a reading area along with public art pieces for visitors to take picture with, as well as interactive game booths for youngsters.  In addition, there will be a main stage at the event with scheduled performances, including magic shows, music concert by physically-challenged individuals, and lessons on how to reutilize paper vessels.  According to the organizer, the first 200 visitors to check-in on Facebook at the activity will receive a special check-in gift. Furthermore, to reward early bird book lovers, the first 100 guests to arrive at the venue will also receive free gifts. 
Taipei City Government held the Taipei Vision: Developing towards a Circular City International Forum on July 26.  The objective of the forum is to explore the potential changes to policies and impact on future development brought about by the concept of circular economy. To implement the vision, the city government introduced its initial plan covering eight areas, including water, energy, food and waste management.  The Public Works Department is responsible for the implementation of sponge city and the construction of underground water storage system, while the Department of Environmental Protection is in charge of the planning of biogas and kitchen waste electricity generation. The Department of Social Welfare and Market Administration Office are entrusted with the responsibility to dispatch unwanted food ingredient to social welfare organizations via unwanted food platform.  The mayor expressed his hope that the circular concept will add to the administrations objective of creating a sustainable future for both the city and its industries.  The event also featured booths organized by the Parks and Street Lights Office to showcase the idea of Garden City. According to the agency, in addition to utilizing city-owned empty land to set up gardens, it also encouraged the participation of private sectors in the movement of creating garden bases. As of June of 2018, there are 571 farms and garden plots taking up roughly 175,111 square meters (equivalent of 24.5 soccer fields). The policy has attracted the participation of 133,111 people as well. 
Leading a delegation comprising officials from the departments of economic development and urban development, Deputy Mayor Charles Lin inspected the construction site of the Nangang Biotech Cluster on July 25. The site was the home to former Zhongxiao Military Encampment.  The Nangang Biotech Industry Cluster Development BOT Project is the second BOT project to complete investment recruitment during the administration of Mayor Ko Wen-je. With the inking of the agreement between the mayor and private sector investor Shikang Development Corporation on April 30, the company expects to complete the construction and begin operations in 2022.  During his speech, Lin pointed out that the project is an important component of the East District Gateway Project, given its strategic location. The complex will link up nearby institutions such as Academia Sinica, National Biotechnology Research Park, and Nangang Railway Station.  He also remarked that a pedestrian bridge will be constructed to connect the office space on the east side of the MRT Nangang Station complex with the biotech facility to ensure quick access to nearby exhibition facilities for the parks companies.  According to Shikang Corporation, the company expects to invest NT$5 billion into the project, constructing a biotech startup and incubation center taking up over 5,000 pings in area which will offer preferential rates to attract startup and SMEs in the field of biotech, as well as 12,000 pings of biotech space for major enterprises and laboratories. The 50-year-long BOT project is expected to create 3,100 jobs and annual output value exceeding NT$50 billion, bringing in at least NT$6.8 billion to the public coffer. 
On July 24, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the award ceremony honoring the top designs for Taipei Smart Ecological Community blueprints. He noted that Taipeis vision is to establish a livable and sustainable city, characterized by convenient lifestyle, energy conservation, and environment-friendliness.  During his address, Ko recalled that many people proposed great plans in the early stages of developing the vision, but he decided upon a clear objective that involves creating a place where people can live and work without worries.  To achieve this goal, it is necessary to combine the strengths of both public and private sectors. From last years pool of submission, the city implemented 40 projects, including smart street light, permeable pavement, disaster prevention well, rainwater recycling, and eco ducts.  The mayor pointed out that city hall expects to implement 55 smart eco projects this year based on the concept of plan your own community. A total of 126 submissions were received for this years competition. When factoring in the works received after the deadline, actual numbers showed a growth of 3 times compared to 2017.  The growing public interest for the event indicates the gradual realization of concepts such as open government, public participation, and policy transparency. Another important point is that the city government makes an open call to the public for suggestions on community planning. The submissions will be reviewed by not only the award committees, but also city hall. Therefore, successful designs are usually practical and doable.  In conclusion, the mayor invites everyone to look at the works submitted this year, and promised to make adjustments to allow the competition to continue into the future. 
Deputy Mayor Charles Lin inspected ongoing constructions for the Yongchun Urban Renewal Project on July 24. He greeted the residents who were able to return to their homes early and expressed the heavy emphasis the city government placed upon the project.  The recommencement of constructions took place on February 13, 2018. According to the builder Senyeh Construction Company, the project is slated for completion in 2020. The renovated site will include a 15-story structure in the front and two buildings in the back row, with 15 floors and 21 floors respectively.   The Chairman of Yongchun Urban Renewal Project Liu Te-fen, Senyeh Construction President Huang Cheng-tsung, and residents at the site expressed their gratitude to city hall for its assistance in the project. They also invited the deputy mayor to attend the completion ceremony in the future.  During his address, the deputy mayor stressed the importance of procedural justice, hoping that Yongchun Urban Renewal Project will serve as an example to help future cases avoid such difficult path. He also noted that the city is holding an exhibition on city-led urban renewal planning this month, seeking to reinitiate city-level redevelopment of these areas.  Lin pointed out that the Building Administration Office has received instruction to provide necessary assistance to the project. He also asked the builder and supervising architect to keep a close watch on construction quality and adherence with the blueprint. 
The 9-day riverside event 2018 Taipei Riverside Childrens Fun Festival came to a successful conclusion in the afternoon of July 22. The activity attracted approximately 16,000 visitors over the course of the event.  According to Information and Tourism Commissioner Chen Su-yu, this is the third year for the City to organize the festival, with more shows and programs added each year and a continued emphasis on participant safety.  With spotlights on Bravo the bear this year, the event attracted large number of families and children. Furthermore, the organizers have opened up the kids pools around the major pool to the public without need for preregistration. The presence of coffee vans and food trucks, alongside other stalls offering creative merchandise, ensures that adults can also lay back while kids enjoy playing with water.  The commissioner contributed the success to the support provided by the departments of fire, police, and health, as well as the backup of medical personnel. The tens of professional staff across different fields on standby and participating performers are the key to the successful event.  With a total of 14 play areas and facilities at the festival this year, including water slides, pools, and water walking balls, many kids return two or more times to enjoy the excitement at the event with their family. 
With the arrival of the dengue fever season, the Commissioner of Health Huang Shier-chieg and Commissioner of Environmental Protection Liou Ming-lone held a meeting to synchronize plans to prevent the further spread of the disease on July 23.  Xinzhuang District of New Taipei City reported 2 confirmed indigenous cases last week  the first for this year. Given the close proximity to Taipei City and the number of people commuting between the two municipalities on a daily basis, The Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) announced that it will step up efforts in patrolling and conducting environment cleanup to reduce the possibility of outbreaks.  In addition, it also requested the assistance of the Education Department in helping to maintain a clean environment at schools, as well as help from the Parks and Street Lights Office and Geotechnical Engineering Office to oversee sanitation at parks and other areas under their respective jurisdictions. A joint effort involving staff across all 12 of the citys districts will also take place on July 15, including agency workers, volunteers, and community residents.   Over a 5-day period, the agency dispatched 300 workers to clean up 145 locations, emptying out 190 water containers and removing 103 kg of garbage.  According to the DEP, due to frequent heavy rain over the past weeks, empty containers and vessels in outdoor areas can collect water and become the breeding ground for mosquitos which carry the dengue virus. The agency advices households to conduct frequent check on containers such as vases, pots, plates, waste tires, and other items that might collect rainwater to clean, empty out, or dispose these items to minimize the chance of mosquitos breeding.
Beitous Hushan Borough will be organizing the Hushan Midsummer Concert at the Centenarian Sapindus Tree plaza on September 1, spotlighting the KIKIKOKO band whose members consist of local elders.  For many people, the image that comes to mind with the mentioning of Beitou District is hot springs. Very few among the public know about the Hushan community which is hidden deep within the mountainous areas.  According to the Geotechnical Engineering Office, the Hushan area used to be a village consisting of immigrants from Quanzhou City of Fujian Province. In the early day, women of the village would gather the seeds from Sapindus trees as cleansing material for their laundry. The area where the tree is located serves as witness to the history of the community.  The agency completed a series of projects for the area, including a walkway encircling the lake, as well as a plaza around the centenarian tree. In addition, visitors are attracted to local landscapes comprising of old mansions, bricked pigsty, and camellia paddies.  Borough Chief Li Chiu-hsia reminded visitors to take public transportation because parking space is extremely limited in the vicinity. Individuals can take the MRT to Xinbeitou Station and transfer to S25, disembarking at Wucuo Stop. Alternatively, they can take the train to MRT Shipai Station, transfer to bus 535, and disembark at Wucuo Stop.  
To enhance the knowhow and performance of foreign caretakers, the Foreign and Disabled Labor Office (FDLO) is now offering on site trainings to sharpen the caretakers skill in providing better care. Families employing foreign caretakers are welcomed to take advantage of the program.  According to FDLO, given the rising need for caretakers in the advent of an aging society, there are currently 43,337 foreign caretakers working in Taipei City. Given the changing needs of the subject due to changing health conditions, the foreign caretakers also need to improve their abilities to administer care.  The program will be conducted by professional teams comprising professional home care nurse, care instructor, and bilingual interpreter. Following an assessment on the health management status of the subject of care, a visit to the workplace of the foreign caretaker will consist of one-on-one instruction session.  Lessons will cover patient care skills such as oral hygiene and cleaning turning and positioning and simple mobility exercise. If the subject of care satisfies the requirement for professional service under Long-term care 2.0, the case will be referred to individual case managers in the follow-up.  Employers interested in the program can complete and submit their application (https://goo.gl/pza15p) (Chinese). For more information, please call project personnel Mr. Yeh (TEL: 02-2333-1955, ext. 134) or Ms. Chen (TEL: 02-8648-8388, ext. 121).
On July 19, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening press conference of the 2018 Taipei Night Market Festival at city hall. He joined celebrity Wu Feng in preparing tofu pudding on the stage.  During his address, the mayor noted that this is the eighth year for the city government to organize the night market festival. The participants of 2018 include Ningxia Night Market, Yansan Night Market, Liaoning Street Night Market, Huaxi Street Night Market, Linjiang Street Night Market, and Guangzhou Street Night Market.  According to the mayor, night market food is on the top three reasons for international tourists to visit Taiwan (the other two being natural landscape and shopping). This also coincides with the release of Michelins guide to cuisines in Taipei in 2018, further affirming the citys status as a destination for gourmets.  He also mentioned two policies which boost the attractiveness of local night markets, including the creation of a food ingredient registration platform which allows the public to track the sources of the entrees they are tasting and the expansion of EasyCard applications, which can now be used at many night market stalls. The mayor also praised Ningxia Night Market vendors support of the Citys policy of banning disposable and melamine utensils by installing automated dishwashers and providing reusable utensils for customers.   As for activities, a vote on top ten night market snacks will be conducted between July 19 and August 10. Participants will have a chance to bring home voucher worth NT$3,000.  Ko added that a raffle will also take place on August 10 at Ningxia Night Market, offering prizes ranging from TV to Tablets to smartphones.
Located inside the Fudekeng Environmental Restoration Park, the Taipei Energy Hill has claimed the top honor in the environment and culture category of the 2018 Taiwan Real Estate Excellence Award. The competition is organized by FIABCI (International Real Estate Federation) Taiwan.  On July 18, Commissioner Liu Ming-lung from the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) attended the award ceremony to bring home the trophy. First held in 2006, the annual award is considered the top honor on the nations construction scene.  The agency noted that it plans to enter the project into the FIABCI World Prix dExcellence Awards to highlight Taipeis accomplishment in green energy development.  According to DEP, it considered international cases of revitalizing landfills before selecting the site as the ideal candidate for placing 2 MW solar panels to implement green energy in a city where real estate prices remain high. To speed up the process of green energy development, the city offers the plot for private sector investment and operation. Following the signing of contract with Tatung Company in July of 2016, construction was completed in January of 2017, installing 7680 units of solar panel as a demonstration of the public-private-partnership endeavor.  Green power generation is not the only objective of Taipei Energy Hill Project. In the future, the facility will also explore possibilities of incorporating solar power with landfill gas utilization, as well as the power generation capabilities of Muzha Incinerator to move the city forward in terms of renewable energy that is environmentally-friendly. 
As one of the biggest pumping station in Southeast Asia, the Yucheng Pumping Station is a key component to the flood prevention mechanism of Songshan, Xinyi, and Nangang districts.  According to the Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO), to ensure that machineries are operating in the best conditions, it has replaced 3 units before the start of flood season this year. The works for replacing an additional 2 units will go underway after the flood season, with completion slated for May of 2019.  According to Chief Luo of the agencys River Engineering Section, Yucheng Pumping Stations catchment area covers roughly 1627.4 hectares and a prohibited parameter bordered by Xinhai Road to the south, Keelung and Guangfu roads to the west, Xianyang Road to the east, and Keelung River to the north. As the territory comprises facilities such as Taipei City Hall, Nangang Software Park, Songshan Railway Station, and Nangang HSR Station, ensuring the facilitys operation is top priority.  Luo pointed out that the pumping station has a total of 7 pump units. Despite regular maintenance works, the apparatus has not been renewed for over 20 years and is in need for overhaul, resulting in the replacement project.  Due to the necessity of retaining pump capabilities during flood season, the replacement is being implemented across different phases. Since 2016, the agency replaced one set of machines between November and April each year to ensure the facility receives an overhaul while maintaining operations. 
City Spokesperson Liu Yi-ting announced that Land Administration Commissioner Li Te-chuan has succeeded Deputy Secretary-general Lin Wan-fa following the latters retirement of on July 16.  Li will retain his role as Land Administration Commissioner after taking on the new position.  According to Liu, Mayor Ko Wen-je expressed his gratitude for Lins support city affairs. With over 40 years of experience in civil service, Lin played an important role in the implementation of city policies and plans. The mayor hopes that even in retirement, Lin will continue to offer advice and support on city affairs.  Regarding the Deputy Secretary-general cum Land Administration Commissioner, the spokesperson noted that Lis stint in civil service include important posts such as Urban Development Director-general at Tainan City Government and Director of the Bureau of Housing and Township Development at Taipei County Government.  With a PhD in urban planning from National Taipei University, Li has played a key role in the implementation of city policies such as the establishment of Taipei Smart Land Administration System and Smart Eco Communities.
With the approach of Chinese Valentines Day, the city governments mascot Bravo the Bear made a quick guest appearance at Xiahai City God Temple in the afternoon of July 17.  The purpose of his visit is to seek the blessing of the Old Man under the Moon for a number of messages in bottles acquired during last years Taipei Riverside Festival Sounds from the River activity.  Having received an overwhelming response from the public during last years event, the Department of Tourism and Information is seeking to fulfill its part of the promise by sending off the messages received during last years event before Chinese Valentines Day. Bravo has volunteered to bring these bottles to the temple for additional blessings.  During his visit, the host opened one of the bottles and read the attached letter, which is for Bravo. After enjoying the letter, the bear mascot passed the bottles over the brazier for the Old Man under the Moons blessing. Before he concluded his performance, he showed off a dance which was well received by spectators.  The 2018 Taipei Riverside Festival Sounds from the River will take place between August 17 and 19. For more information, please visit the Chinese website of Taipei Travel Net (https://www.travel.taipei/zh-tw). 
The 2018 Bangka Cultural Carnival will kick-off at 7 PM at the Bangka Park on Friday, July 20. The organizers welcome the public to come and enjoy the shows, experiencing the art and cultural atmosphere of the historical district!  The Night of Traditional Arts will take place between 7 PM and 9:30 PM on Friday, July 20. Highlighting the temple-related festival culture, the organizers invited Ming Hwa Yuan Arts and Cultural Group to perform the play Mai Yi Wang Jia. The Taiwanese opera performance merges traditional arts with modern theatric techniques.  From 2 PM through 9 PM on July 21, a series of performance will take place at the main stage. Starting with the Loongz General whose work combines the Asian dragon, Lead General processions, and street art performance. The show will be followed by stage acts by various student groups from local schools and local performance clubs to showcase the vitality of Wanhuas communities.  According to District Director Chan Tianbao, this is the 14th year for the Wanhua District Office to hold the event. The annual event has been included in the overall plan to promote tourism for the district. With the revitalization of central Wanhua through the overhaul of Bangka Park, Longshan Underground Mall, Longshan Creative Industry b2 Base, Bangka Clothing Commercial District, and Bopiliao, the city expects to instill new vitality into the district.  Due to limited parking space in the area, the organizers encourage those who plan to visit the two-day festival to take the MRT (disembark at MRT Longshan Temple Station) or public bus. For more information, please call the district office during work hours (TEL: 02-23064468, ext. 206) or visit its Chinese website (http://whdo.gov.taipei/).
The Creating a New Vision with Garden City series of events kicked-off at Taipei 101 Water Dance Plaza on July 16. The event is co-organized by city hall, Taipei 101, and Sony. From now through August 26, there will be activities such as designer counseling on garden layout, farmers market, picnic, and more on the weekends!  According to Economic Development Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh, the Garden City concept has been implemented and laid out a solid foundation. In the future, the promotion of Garden City would start with the community and extend outwards to reach beyond the gardening enthusiasts to other groups.  It is also recommended that implementation can merge with local needs, allowing the respective groups to develop their own version of the policy.  The Garden City project allows the city to reinvent the stereotype of the urban landscape as cement-city and reintroduce green living spaces to connect communities.  Since the implementation of the project in 2014, the Department of Economic Development has provided services such as professional counseling, classes and training sessions, setting up edible landscape demos, community promotion, and material and ingredient resource information. Over the years, it has helped to establish roughly 25,128 square meters of edible landscape, replied to 73,156 inquiries, and realized the transactions of NT$4.3 million worth of green rooftop materials.
Do you know that the few remaining rice paddies are located in Taipei City? The Guandu Plain boasts rich biodiversity and cultural landscape, as well as being the home to the citys paddy fields.  The Department of Economic Development has joined hands with Beitou Farmers Association to hold the 2018 Beitou Rice Cropping Hands-on Activity on Saturday, July 21. The organizers invite residents to bring their family to experience the closeness with rice crops and rice-eating culture through the event.  In addition to going down to the rice paddies to harvest rice crops and to operate traditional manual threshers, visitors can also participate in making scarecrows and try out various kinds of rice cuisine. The cost of materials for making a scarecrow is 100 NT per scarecrow (with suggested class size of 3-5 participants for making one scarecrow). To register for scarecrow-making activity, please call the Beitou Farmers Association (TEL: 02-29824185, ext. 330, Mr. Wei).  The local farmers association has also prepared rare winnowing machines and rice polishing apparatus, allowing urban dwellers to learn more about how the crops are transformed to the white rice sold in the markets.  Visitors who stop by the Grain of Love booth on the day of the event and Like the Facebook fan page of the agency (https://www.facebook.com/doed.taipei/) will receive a small souvenir. There are also demos of various rice-based entrees and drinking water for those who stops by!
On July 14, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening ceremony for the 2018 Taipei Riverside Childrens Fun Carnival at Dajia Riverside Park.  One of the spotlights of the event is Bravos Water Park, with the opening event featuring a battle between Bravo and a dinosaur as they battle through a 6-meter waterslide and shooting match with water guns.  During his address, the mayor noted that in addition to completing near summer and winter break assignments during the respective vacations, students should be doing things they like. The Riverside Childrens Fun Carnival is held under this belief. Noting Taipeis close access to mountains and rivers, he pointed out that there had been relatively few riverside events organized by the city government. He pointed out that some of the key elements needed to bring people closer to the rivers are clean water and safety assurance. These are matters to be dealt with step-by-step.  At the end of his speech, he noted that the event is very popular, as the opening for activities was filled rapidly once the registration information was posted online. For the activities, the mayor stressed that there are 300 slots available online and 100 openings available on site for each day.  When asked by the media whether he enjoyed the experience when trying out the facilities, the mayor remarked that the importance thing is that kids find the experience amusing and fun. As for his last time playing on a slide, Ko said that was about 50 years ago, adding that kids today are very fortunate.
Mayor Ko Wen-je met with the middle school and elementary school participants of the City Affairs Summer Camp during their final event on July 12.  In his address, the mayor encouraged the students that facing and solving problems are the first steps. It takes little to bring about a little change each day. However, the accumulation of small changes will allow the nations to advance. Think of yourselves as small sharks, and ask any question you have in mind!  When asked by a student whether each ping of an old home can be exchanged for the same ping after renovations, the mayor replied by citing an anecdote: A person was promised to be reincarnated as human for his good deeds. The person then asked the Lord of the Underworld if he can also have a son who can score first place in the civil service exam and group of wives without quarrel. The Lord of the Underworld complained that if such a perfect deal exists, he would take it himself.  Another student asked him whether making the choice of not cancelling classes and work when Typhoon Maria arrived was difficult, Ko answered that as someone who used to be a doctor, he chooses to believe in professional advices. While theres no correct answer about treating the head or the stomach first if you injured both in a car accident, trusting professional opinions is a kind of culture. However, the catch is that the professional team must be dependable.  As for his views on people who abandon pets, the mayor replied tersely: If you choose to keep a pet, then dont throw it away. The culture of taking up responsibility requires nurturing.  The City Affairs Summer Camp for middle and elementary school students attracted a total of 59 students. The participants had a chance to visit 10 city agencies, including the departments of education, water, police, fire, public works, tourism and information, economic development, urban development, and social affairs, as well as Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation. 
The Department of Information Technology (DOIT) announced that the city government has claimed two prizes at the 2018 IDC SCAPA Awards. The winning projects include Taipei IoT Integration of Transportation and Smarter Infrastructure Platform.  According to the agency, it established the Taipei Smart City Project Management Office in 2016 in an effort to realize the vision of a livable and sustainable city. The role of the new institution include: to survey citizens needs and match them with potential solutions available in the private sector to assist the government in bringing in smart solutions to solve problems and to create a IoT Living Lab in Taipei through tapping sites and resources of the public sector.  With the purpose of constructing a convenient, green, and sharing-based smart transportation network, the city government integrates real time traffic information spanning YouBike, public bus, MRT, parking, and traffic control, including an integrated 3U transportation service, covering YouBike, U-Motor, and U-Car.  In addition, the implementation of PoC experiments to businesses and enterprises, as well as test runs of driverless vehicles, all demonstrate the city governments efforts in integrating smart technology with transportation. Through these approaches, it seeks to herald in a new era of smart transportation for its residents.  Seen as an integral part of smart transportation, the presence of a communication-ready infrastructure is a necessity for smart city. With a solid foundation in terms of infrastructure, the city government builds upon this advantage to integrate services such as smart pipeline management and IoT-linked smart street lights to bring more convenience and accessibility to everyone who live in Taipei.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over a briefing session on damages caused by Typhoon Maria at the Emergency Operation Center on the morning of July 11. He stressed that the decision to maintain a regular work day for July 11 is based on the suggestion of professional team of meteorologists at National Taiwan University, and the city government should respect professional advice.  After listening to reports by agencies, he instructed the Fire Department to collect all issues discovered by involved agencies throughout the operation. After senior officials have the time to review the list, confirmed problems will require new SOPs to be written to address the issue. The final result will be reviewed by a work meeting headed by Deputy Mayor Teng before arriving at the mayors desk.  The mayor noted that he recognized several issues in the current operation. First, he remarked that work and classes should not be cancelled at 4 PM, but instead to cancel work for the night, to prevent large number of workers leaving work at the same time which imposes a heavy burden on city traffic. Another issue is how are overtime pays and transportation stipends handled if the neighboring municipalities reach different conclusions on class and work suspension? He instructed the departments of education, social welfare, and labor to come up with an SOP.  Regarding the removal of downed road trees, Ko noted that he learned something from his trip to the Netherland. Given the fact that typhoons occur every year, there is a need to replace road trees frequently. There should be an initial plan for gradual replacement, which will significantly cut cost in comparison to mass replacement in a short time. Therefore, the city government has to figure out what trees to plant for which sidewalks, and replace downed trees directly if it happens to be one already on the replacement schedule.  As for sandbag giveaways, the mayor believes that returning sandbags every time is too costly. If residents take the sandbags home, they should keep them for use next tap, and only pick up needed amounts when the next typhoon comes. They should definitely not dispose of unwanted ones by dumping the contents into drainages.  He reiterated the importance of listing out the problems after each typhoon, so they can be dealt with, gradually improving the overall response system in the long run. 
With the departure of Typhoon Maria, the Department of Transportation (DOT) made the following announcement regarding vehicle parking and YouBike service in the morning of July 11.  Yellow/Red Line Parking: With the evacuation gates reopening, the agency reminds vehicle owners who parked their cars next to yellow and red lines in Taipei City to move their vehicles before noon (July 11). Any vehicles left parked at these locations after the deadline will be removed and their owners fined in accordance with the Road Traffic Management and Penalty Act.  YouBike: For the convenience of users, YouBike will resume operations at noon today (July 11). However, DOT reminds users to ride cautiously when they hire the shared bicycle, as roads remain wet and slippery.  As the YouBike Service Center remains closed on July 11, for any possible questions, please call the 24-hour service hotline (TEL: 02-8978-5511, or 1999, ext. 5855 [hours: 7 AM-10 PM]) or visit the Chinese website of YouBike ().
With the land warnings for Typhoon Maria being issued in the late hours of July 9, city government agencies remind residents to keep track of the latest typhoon updates and take steps to safeguard their wellbeing.  The city government reminds residents to avoid entering mountainous areas during typhoon. The Geotechnical Engineering Office has suspended access to selected hiking trails upon the issue of land warnings. For updates on related information, please visit the agencys Chinese website on slope and mountainous terrain information (http://www.geomis.gov.taipei/GEOINFO/MainPage/index.aspx).  The Hydraulics Engineering Office has removed all temporary facilities from riverside parks, including wharf facilities, bicycle rental stations, mobile toilets, and construction machines. The public should avoid entering the riverside parks during typhoon.  The Department of Environmental Protection has dispatched staff members to strengthen drainage and gutter cleaning to remove debris and to ensure the functioning of these facilities during heavy rain.  According to the Sewerage Systems Office, all water treatment plants, pumping stations, generators, water level monitoring sensors, and remote surveillance system have been checked and are on standby to deal with any possible emergencies.  As of 8 PM on July 10, the Department of Transportation has imposed an Exit only order for riverside parking lots in the districts of Zhongshan, Songshan, Shilin, Wanhua, and Datong. Furthermore, parking will be allowed for all roadside yellow and red lines on roads with width of 8 meters or more in the respective districts. Roadside parking will be free during the typhoon.  The Water Department reminds residents to prepare regular and drinking water in preparation for possible high turbidity in local rivers and lakes due to heavy downpour. In the event of water supply restrictions, the Water Department will set up 21 emergency water supply stops and 20 temporary water supply stations, as well as using 124 public schools across the city as water supply centers. For more information on water supplies, please call the departments 24-hour hotline (TEL: 02-8733-5678) or visit its Chinese website (www.water.gov.taipei).  During the typhoon, please call the 1999 Citizens Hotline to report any flooding, road damages, or fallen trees. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the inauguration event of a new reservist counseling center in the district of Shilin on July 7. He also attended a flag presentation ceremony for the local neighborhood watch at the new center.  During his address, the mayor noted that the center is the last piece to the puzzle, whose existence ensures that reservists will have a place to meet, relax, and train at locations across all 12 of the citys administrative districts.  Ko recalled that the idea emerged from City Councilor Chen Chung-wens comment on the possibility of building similar facilities for each district at the opening of the reservist counseling center in Beitou two years ago. He also recalled Chens suggestion about how the reservists can play an important role in the case of natural disaster, and how conducting cross-district training is important for such support.  He also asked for help from Compulsory Military Service Commissioner Fu Yung-mao, who happens to be a retired senior officer in the ROC Army and commands much respect among members of the armed forces.  Noting the limited resources of the public sector, he admitted that it will take a long time for cleaning up in the aftermath of a major typhoon if relying upon only the staff from the Labor Department and the Parks and Street Lights Office. That is why he is asking everyone to help out. However, it is also necessary to train and maintain equipment, so everything will be ready when the need appears.  The mayor also expressed his gratitude to the Ministry of Defense and reservists who helped out during the disaster prevention drill in March. He believes that to make Taipei a safer city, disaster prevention education and training should be carried out at the level of boroughs.
To offer kids from disadvantaged families an unforgettable summer vacation, Bravo took 40 kids from Wanhau Children Welfare Service Center a ride on the double decker bus on July 6. They also have a chance to visit the observatory of Taipei 101.  For the lucky passengers, many of them were astonished of how buildings like the Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall and Songshan Airport appear much smaller when looking down from the roof deck of the bus.  Despite the searing heat, the children were excited for the opportunity to ride the tall bus. One of the young passengers even shouted Im so close to the traffic lights!  When the bus arrived at Taipei 101 and pulled into the bus stop, the participants saw Bravo the Bear waiting for them at the entrance of the building and giving each of them a high five. Furthermore, the mascot also entertained the children with quiz questions as they explore the observatory to enjoy the birds eye view of the city and surrounding mountains.  A participant surnamed Pan noted that it was her first time to take the bus and that the chubby-looking bear is very cute. I was a bit afraid when taking the elevator, but when I looked down at the cars and houses from up there, they were so small. Theyre so cute, like looking at a map.  For more news on Bravo, please visit Bravos Chinese fan page on Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/bravotaipei/) 
To safeguard the health of migrant workers in Taipei City, the Foreign and Disabled Labor Office, Taipei City Hospital, and Tzu Chi International Medical Association (TIMA) will organize a one-day clinic at Taipei Railway Station on July 8. The event will also commemorate the approach of the Chinese Valentine Day.  The clinic will take place at the open area between West Gate 1 and North Gate 3, lasting from 1:30 PM to 4 PM. All checkups are free of charge.  In addition to free checkups, there will be experts from the fields of ophthalmology, dermatology, dentistry, otorhinolaryngology, Internal Medicine, Gynecology, orthopedics, Psychiatry, and Chinese Medicine to answer questions participants might have.  With over 40,000 migrant workers laboring in Taipei City, Taipei Railway Station has become a popular meeting place for the expat population. For Thai, Filipino, and Vietnamese workers, couples usually celebrate Valentines Day on February 14. For Thai migrant workers, the event is celebrated along with the Loi Krathong in November. While Muslims do not celebrate Valentines Day, Indonesians are nonetheless affected by western culture and give flowers and chocolate as presents.  According to Labor Commissioner Lai Hsiang-lin, migrant workers from Southeast Asia form an important part of the urban scene and are a key element for Taipeis caretaking industry. With the longest duration of work extending 14 years, it is understandable that they miss their family and friends at home as they interact with their local employers and society. The event offers them a chance to relax and raise awareness on their health and fitness.
To boost awareness on safe driving among freshly-trained motorcyclists, the Department of Transportation will hold the Motorcycle Safety Knowledge Camp in 2018.  Individuals who 1) are 18 years or older, 2) enroll in motorcycle driving lessons at one of the participating driving schools listed below, and 3) obtain either a standard or heavy motorcycle license by November 9, 2018, will be eligible for a NT$1,000 subsidy for their lessons. Only 500 applications will be accepted.  The objective of the program is to lower the accident rate among motorcyclists from the 18-25 year old age group. Those who undergo the training at driving school will acquire substantial knowledge on defensive driving techniques and an in-depth understanding on the mechanism of motorcycles. This will help boost danger awareness among new motorcyclists and enhance their abilities in identifying risks, thereby lowering the possibilities of accidents.  The participating driving schools include: Greater Taipei Driving School, Fuan Driving School, Updrive Driving School, and Huafeng Driving School.  For more information, please call the respective driving schools:  Greater Taipei Driving School (TEL: 02-2858-5700) Fuan Driving School (TEL: 02-2893-6872) Updrive Driving School (TEL: 02-2893-6889) Huafeng Driving School (TEL: 02-2783-0101)  
Great news for holders of Co-branded EasyCard/Debit EasyCard! The monthly pass that grants holders to limitless ride on MRT and buses will be available for purchase for the aforementioned card holders starting Thursday, July 5.  To purchase the NT$1280 Monthly Pass, cardholders can simply visit any staff of the 117 MRT stations across Taipei and New Taipei cities and purchase the pass from either the automated add-venue machines or the information booths.  The purchase of the pass can be conducted without the need to add cash to the machines. Cardholders can select the option Automatic Add-value from the list of services offered by the kiosk. The staff at the information booths can also assist cardholders if they are unsure about how to operate the machines.  As a reminder, EasyCard add-value machines will automatically determine the amount added (500 NT, 1000 NT, or 1500 NT) based on the current balance inside the co-brand/debit card used. After adding the machine-determined value to the card, the charge of 1280 NT will be subtracted, with the remaining sum becoming the new balance of the electronic wallet. For debit EastCard users, please make sure that there is enough cash in the linked bank account before using the add-value service.  For Co-branded EasyCard without automatic add-value feature, card holders can bring their cards to the add-value machines at MRT stations or convenience stores (7-11, FamilyMart, High Life, or OK) to activate the function. 
The Department of Economic Development and the National Association for the Promotion of Community Universities is joining hands with the community colleges of Wanha, Xinyi, and Songshan districts to organize three sessions of community garden guide tours in July.  To register for the tours, please call the Community Garden Promotion Center (TEL: 02-2598-9712) or visit the Chinese registration website: https://goo.gl/forms/GHSQ6v1Ri8sE6fo43  Session 1: LOHAS Tour in Wanhua Date and Time: 9 AM  Noon, Friday, July 13.  Participants will have a chance to explore the neighborhood in the vicinity of Youth Park and the facility itself. Located next to a major green space, the Youth Community is frequented by stray cats. Residents take advantage of this trend to create a garden which uses cats as its theme, as well as building a habitat for cats next to the garden. The park boasts a unique co-habitat design for city gardens.  Session 2: Cultural and Historical Tour of Xinyi Date and Time: 9 AM  Noon, Friday, July 20.  Few people know about the history and culture of Xinyi District, an area swamped by high risers and department store complexes. Led by members from Xinyi District Community College Literature and History class, participants will explore the Futai New Village, the remnants of irrigation cannels, the therapy garden of Hengai Development Center, and Huoshinren Farm at Songshan Cultural and Creative Park.  Session 3: Ecological Tour of Songshan Date and Time: 9 AM  Noon, Tuesday, July 24.  In addition to planting crops, community gardens also help to create a friendly atmosphere for residents. The Sanming LOHAS Rooftop garden is a good example of this, combining community interaction with diversified crop selection. Visitors will also stop by the Fuming Ecological Park. 
In the interest of encouraging innovative smart city applications and speed up the development of 5G and IOT infrastructure, Taipei City Government and Chunghwa Telecom inked a MOU on 5G and Smart City Application Services on July 2.  The document was signed by the city governments Information Technology Commissioner Lee Wei-bin and Chunghwa Telecom (CHT) President Chen Ming-shih.  The two parties will collaborate in areas including Proof of Concept (PoC) projects in mobile network integration and application for smart streetlight, Smart City innovative apps experiments and trials, and 5G innovative app demos and trials.  Deputy Mayor Charles Lin noted that the city government has opened up its streetlights and traffic signals to installation of base stations building networks such as 5G, NB-IOT, and various types of smart sensors in the interest of promoting 5G and IOT development and expanding the coverage ratio of the respective networks. Hopefully, this will help the development of application which allows operations such as smart lighting to help reduce carbon emission and energy consumption traffic and pedestrian flow detection for solving traffic issues and information feeds for connected vehicles and driverless vehicles, applications that are expected to improve efficiency of city services and to promote commercial and tourism businesses.  Chunghwa Telecoms Hsieh Ji-mao remarked that through the collaboration with city hall, the company will push for the integration of smart streetlights with IoT and 5G network devices. It will employ the IOT platform and IOC centers developed by the company to introduce key knowhow in the areas of AI, big data, cloud computing, cybersecurity, and AR.
On the first day of city affairs summer camp, Mayor Ko Wen-je addressed the participating university and college students during an orientation event at Liu Ming-chuan Hall. He presented an oversized city hall staff ID card to the student representative.  The mayor noted that one of the characteristics of Taipei City Government is its willingness to listen to the voice of the younger generation. Whether in the Universiade or in the Taipei International Lantern Festival, young people have a chance to try out their visions, and the result indicated that the policy is effective. He encouraged the participants to visit city agencies and learn from the experience. For the city government, it is considered city policy promotion, but for the students, they can ask questions and offer suggestions, thereby infusing new perspective into the government.  A total of 62 university and college students have been accepted in the summer camp. They will have a chance to visit 14 city government agencies and obtain hands-on experience of how work is conducted at the respective departments. On the last day of the program, they will take part in a mock city executive meeting.  According to the Department of Education, the interns will be split into two groups following the orientation. One group will accompany Education Commissioner Tseng Tsan-chin in attending a showcase event organized by Bloomberg Philanthropies Global Scholars at Xue Xue Institute Building, while the other members will follow Deputy Secretary-general Lin Wan-fa to Feitsui Reservoir Administration for an inspection trip.  This is the fourth year for city hall to organize the city affairs summer camp since its naissance in 2015. The sessions for middle school and elementary school kids will kick-off on July 10 and 12, respectively.
The annual Taipei Zoo summer program for kids will kick-off starting July 7!  During the event period (through August 25), the zoo will extend its hours to 9 PM every Saturdays, as well as holding activities such as All-mighty Animal Caretaker and Nannys Storytime for visitors both young and old.  As a part of the summer event, the Animal Caretaker event will take place at the main stage area on July 7. Activities include animal caretaker duty simulation, fun quiz on animal facts, showing of international conservation documentary, wildlife protection flea market, and other shows and performances.  The activity Nannys Storytime will take place on the days with extended hours. Staff members of the zoo will take participants on a 15-minute-long guided night walk to explore the specific theme animal of the respective day.  Online visitors can participate in weekly quizzes about animals by visiting the Chinese website (www.zoo.gov.taipei) or the fan page of Taipei Zoo.  During the extended hours of the zoo on Saturdays, the Amphibian and Reptile house will be open, in addition to other facilities such as the main stage area at the gates, the Insectarium, the Formosan Animal Area, the Education Center, and the Childrens Zoo. Lucky visitors might have a chance to encounter night crawlers such as wild ferret-badgers, masked palm civets, or crab-eating mongoose during their visit.
On June 30, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a matchmaking session for startups in the fashion industry at Fashion Taipei. The event is organized by the Department of Economic Development.  During his address, Ko recalled a conversation with Lin Hsin-i, Senior Advisor to the President, regarding how ICT industry takes up 40-percent of the total output of Taiwans economy. He asked Lin whether to strengthen this advantage or focus on other areas, but the senior advisor answered that the overwhelming share is not because Taiwans ICT is strong the reason is that other fields are weak compared to ICT, and it is risky to put all eggs in one basket.  Noting his previous trip to Silicon Valley, the mayor pointed out that given its economic prowess, the US is able to withstand failures  even for projects reaching one trillion NTD in investment. However, one success can easily make up for multiple failed projects. Unfortunately, Taiwan does not have such prowess, so it has to shift its strategy towards equal development of all industries.  Adding that the Department of Economic Development has prepared 21 bases to house innovative startup from different fields, Ko noted that while the administration have plans for such complexes, it does not determine what the exact theme will be. Recalling that he presided over the opening of the industrial cluster the day before yesterday and the matchmaking session today, the mayor explained that the private sector knows the market and ecosystem better than the government. Therefore, he believes that the role of the government is to serve as a platform and to facilitate matchmaking of ideas and funds. The role of the innovation base is to offer affordable venues for startups and provide professional assistance.  According to Ko, the event invited 11 groups of fashion startup to meet with potential investors. By providing young people with supports in logistics and opportunities, they will have the courage to head out and explore unchartered terrains.  
The 2018 Taipei Sports Science Forum came to a successfully conclusion at the Taipei Stadiums Audio Visual Room on June 30. The event was organized by the Department of Sports (DSP).  The forum invited a number of domestic and international experts in the field of sports science to share with the audience their expertise in combining knowledge in science and sports. The audience includes athletes, trainers, coaches, and people interested in the field of sports science.  The 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei rekindled a new wave of enthusiasm for sports activities. By holding the sports science forum, DSP seeks to encourage the merging of sports science into training facilities and conversations among the fields of sports medicine, trainers, and sports science.  DSP Commissioner Li Tzai-li remarked that employing scientific methods to enhance the performance of athletes isnt something new. However, there are times when the interests of training and academic development differ and cannot fully integrate. He is pleased that the city government took on the leadership role in organizing the sports science forum to implement scientific methods into training facilities, helping local athletes to achieve better results.  With 150 seats for the public, all the seats were quickly booked in a week after registration opened. This demonstrated a need for similar activities, and DSP will continue to organize future activities to encourage further development in the local sports scene.  
In the morning of June 28, Mayor Ko Wen-je inspected emergency response exercises taking place inside and in the vicinity of Taipei Railway Station.  During his address, Ko expressed his gratitude to all participating agencies and staff members, noting that much result have been generated since the first exercise in 2016. He pointed out that experience, technologies and knowledge can be utilized to establish an SOP for emergency management, which can be applied to other transport hubs.  According to Ko, the Taipei Railway Station complex is fairly complicated, with trains, buses, and high speed rail converging in and around and daily passengers. With traffic volume of more than half a million, the number is expected to see further increase in the foreseeable future.  The mayor remarked that the exercise was the fourth to take place in the complex, aiming to establish an SOP that can be applied to other transportation hubs such as Nangang Railway Station.  The exercises featured scenarios such as armed holdup, explosives detection and disposal, and chemical leak crisis. Mayor Ko mentioned that emergency preparedness and responsiveness require specialized knowledge and the involvement of multiple government agencies from both central and local governments. He added that the city government will continue collaborating with central authorities to improve the Taipeis emergency management system.
The motorcycle lane (for Taipei-bound traffic) on Huazhong Bridge is set to reopen at 9 AM on Saturday, June 30. The facility has remained closed for nearly one year for overhaul.  The motorcycle lane helps to alleviate the overwhelming vehicle traffic in the section between Huazhong Bridge and the ramp at Fuming Road that connects with Shuiyuan Expressway  especially for those heading in the direction of Gongguan, Jiangquo Expressway, and Xindien area.  Together with the new pedestrian walkway and cycling lane which have been refurbished in 2017, Huazhong Bridge will bring different experience for road users with its new pavements and renovated guardrails.  The construction of an additional automobile ramp is slated for completion by the end of 2018. Upon completion, traffic around Wanda First Fruit and Vegetable Wholesale Market, as well as those along the lane on Fuming Road bounded for Shuiyuan Expressway, will have an easier time.  The New Construction Office reminds road users to be aware of speed limits and possible route adjustments.
Staring July 1, the Taipei Astronomical Museum and Taipei Childrens Amusement Park will offer combo admission tickets for NTD200saving up to more than 50% off! Come scoop up the deals!  Visitors holding the combo admission may enjoy screenings featuring Doraemon and others at Cosmic Adventure and a session at 3D Theater in the Astronomical Museum, while receiving admission to Childrens Amusement Park with unlimited rides at park facilities.  This one-day package is available through July 19. Supply is with limited quantities for both sites. The ticket is valid through December 31, 2018.  For more information, please contact Ms. Zhan at 02-28314551 ext. 508 (or ext. 523 on public holidays) or visit the Astronomical Museum website: http://www.tam.gov.taipei.  The opening hours of Taipei Astronomical Museum during July and August are as follows: 9 AM  5 PM on Sunday, Tuesday to Friday. 9 AM  8 PM on Saturday  
To ensure safe access to drinking water, Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) has performed sampling and testing of water from the citys 283 drinking fountains and found that safety standards have been met.  Of the 283 drinking fountains, 83 are installed at MRT stations, 7 at schools, 158 at parks, and 35 at government agencies. The sampling and testing was conducted between May 10 and July 14. Results show that the E. coli bacteria level in the samples is all below the benchmark of 6 CFU/100 ml, indicating that the water is safe for drinking.  To enhance management of drinking fountains, Taipei Water Department has requested responsible agencies to conduct daily patrol, perform quarterly water test, and utilize a QR Code system to monitor water quality in real time.  According to DEP, regulations require responsible agencies to carry out monthly maintenance and keep a copy of the maintenance record visible near the drinking facilities. Quarterly water test should be performed by certified institutes to ensure that safe drinking water is available at all times. 
Are you looking for opportunities to teach your kids how to ride a bike? The Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) might just have the thing!  This summer, the agency and Kanmy Enterprise are offering cycling lessons targeting children ages six (kindergartener) through nine (3rd grader). The lessons are free of charge, with bicycles, helmets, and protective gears provided and insurance covered. Participants will learn the basics of riding a bike under the guidance of professional instructors  A total of eight sessions will be open for registration starting July 1. Applications are accepted via the Chinese website: https://goo.gl/YuSJVM. To ensure best coaching quality, each session accepts a maximum of 20 participants and may be cancelled if the minimum number of 15 is not met.  Classes meet at Guanshan Bike Rental Station (inside Guanshan Riverside Park) and run between 2PM and 5PM. For safety reasons, participants must be accompanied by adults.  For more information, please visit Kanmy Enterprises website http://www.ukan.com.tw/main.html (Chinese) or dial (02)2258-7425.   
On June 26, Taipei City Mayor Ko Wen-je took to the podium before the Urban Planning Review Committee of the Ministry of the Interior (MOI) to brief the committee members on development plan for Shezidao.  Stressing that small problems can escalate into big ones if left unattended, Ko remarked that even though the project has gone through five task force committees since the plan was submitted to the MOI in 2016, it remains unresolved even today. That is why he decided to take the opportunity to express the citys determination in promoting the project.  Ko recalled an overnight stay in Shezidao, from which he experienced the inconvenience encountered by Shezidao residents on a daily basis. He emphasized the importance of facing the problem honestly before attempting to solve it.  According to Ko, what concerns Shezidao residents most is issues associated with demolition and relocation, for which Taipei City Government has already devised an array of plans including the provision of housing units, step-by-step development, and rental subsidies for low-income households.  The mayor noted that the development of Shezidao should accommodate its natural, cultural, and historical contexts while introducing smart innovations.  He expressed Shezidao residents anticipation for lifting the ban on developments in the area, which has been in place for about half a century, and looks forward to obtaining support from members of the committee.  
During a conversation with a linguist from Singapore during a forum on bilingual education at Yangming Senior High School on June 25, Mayor Ko Wen-je remarked that the objective of Taipeis English curriculum for elementary school students is to be able to spell at least 180 words and utilize a vocabulary of 300 terms or more in daily conversation.  He explained that while the standard complies with the guideline established by the Ministry of Education, it is difficult for local students to compete with international students  even for middle schoolers whose required repertoire has been expanded to 1200 words.  Noting that the city government began implementing its own English curriculum in 2001, the mayor explained that two English classes are required each week for grades 1 and 2, and 3 classes per week for grades 3 through 6. For middle schoolers, the frequency is increased to 4 classes each week. Furthermore, the city government incorporated English into other subject areas for a pilot project started in 2016. A total of 18 schools enrolled in the program for the 2017 school year.  The mayor believes that in order for the curriculum to be effective, it should take up at least one-third of the overall curriculum. He also stressed that bilingual education is not simply to increase the number of English classes or to teach English by English, but to incorporate English into teaching other subjects. What is even more important is to infuse English into daily life.  Citing his one-year stay in the US, Ko noted that even though he understands what every word means, there are still times when he failed to comprehend the context of use in daily conversation. That is why he sees the incorporation of English into day-to-day life so important, which has been overlooked in a curriculum emphasizing textbook English.  Ko admitted that he was a bit weary in promoting bilingual elementary schools as the political environment does not tolerate failure. However, having received over 93-percent positive response from parents of students enrolled in bilingual program at Dongxing Elementary School in Nangang and Wenchan Elementary School in Shilin, the administration decided to expand the bilingual curriculum to include 3 more elementary schools and 1 middle school. 
As one of the rare government-operated pawnshops in Taiwan offering members of the public secured loan services, Taipei City Secured Small Loans Service (SSLS) received the top honor in Overall Services category of the Executive Yuans Government Service Award.  Emerging as the winner from a pool of 174 competitors, SSLC focuses on providing customers services which based on 4 core strategies abbreviated as LIFE (Liable, Impressive, Financial, and Efficient).  By offering low loan rates and preferential rates for disadvantaged customers, the agency assists the public to meet short term financial needs. It also boosted service convenience by strengthening appraisal abilities of its employees, implementing nighttime business hours, and simplifying SOPs.  Given its unique responsibilities, SSLS also offers assistance in job training and suicide prevention on behalf of city government. The agency defies the traditional image people have of pawnshops, providing the public with detailed and guaranteed service.  In addition to providing loans, the agency also created the islands largest auction platform for dealing with retired public properties  the SHWOO platform. The project is one of the ways which the agency strengthens its commitment to establishing a circular economy and promoting sustainability. 
In the morning of June 24, Taipei Mayor Ko Wen-je visited Taipei Gymnasium to preside over the opening ceremony for an invitational badminton tournament.  During his address, Ko pointed out that to live a good life, one must keep an active lifestyle. The mayor mentioned that in clinical practice, a six-minute-walk test is used to predict how long one is expected to live the trial indicates a positive correlation between the distance walked within six minutes and long term health.  Ko remarked that he was impressed by how well the event is attended and by the cooperation among the citys parents associations.  According to the mayor, badminton is a sport which is comparably more affordable as it can be played either outdoors or indoors  even without a net. Anyone can play badminton with rackets and shuttlecocks. The sports suits Asians well and can be promoted in Taiwan, said the mayor.  Since 2015, the event has invited elementary school students who play badminton to serve as the judges, which according to Ko is the innovative embodiment of thinking from a different perspective and also contributes to establishing positive interaction among students, parents, and teachers.
The Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) will give away 480 packs of soil conditioner to members of the public. Applications are accepted starting June 25.  According to the agency, the soil conditioner of high quality is produced from dead leaves and twigs collected. Since the end of 2017 when the PSLO first started giving away the soil conditioners, the agency has given out more than 1500 packs and received positive feedback from the public.  In the interest of promoting material reuse and resource sustainability, PSLO also encourages the public to compost food scraps at home and grow their own food.  To submit a request, please visit the Chinese website of Farmcity and fill out the form with real name and contact information: https://farmcity.taipei/site/soil/soil_list.  The offer is available for Taipei City residents only. Each individual can only request for one pack. A confirmation email will be dispatched once the application has been completed.  Applicants can pick up the soil conditioner at the designated location between 2PM and 4PM between July 2 and 6. They should present their ID cards when collecting the package. Failure to pick up at the due time will be treated as cancellation.  The soil conditioner is placed in zipper bags, and each bag contains roughly 10 liter. The agency reminds applicants to bring their own bags to the pick-up sites to bring the zipper bag-filled conditioners home. 
Thinking of expanding the selection on your dinner table with fresh summer produce? Come and visit the Taipei Expo Park Weekend Farmers Market for a chance to pick up fresh ingredients for your family!  The July program kicks off with spotlights on grapes hailing from Changhua County (July 7  8). Each strand of grapes resembles necklaces made of black pearls. The sweetness of grapes during the summer season also boasts high sweetness levels.  Following the grapes showcase will be the Mango weekend (July 14  15) highlighting produce from Tainan. When talking about Tainan mangoes, most people will think of Aiwen Mangoes. Whether eaten directly or served on shaved ice, these mangoes are treats for the summer season.  For the weekend of July 21 and 22, Taoyuan farmers will offer visitors a shipment of peaches boasting high water content and sweetness. Those who enjoy eating peaches should not miss this opportunity.  Finally, for the last weekend in July (July 28  29), the organizers will introduce the delicious pears grown in Miaoli County. The crispy and yummy delicacies are delivered straight from the farms and available at an affordable price.  For more information about the Taipei Expo Park Farmers Market, please visit the Chinese fan page on Facebook or the activitys official Chinese fan page . 
The long-awaited Bravo fan meetup is here! Today, Bravo met his fans at his third floor office space at the Discovery Center of Taipei. In addition to playing interactive games with young kids, he also taught the excited visitors about how to wash hands correctly and how to prevent enterovirus.  Those registered to take part in the meetup hail from across Taiwan  including a Japanese mom residing in Taiwan who brought her kid. There was even a lady surnamed Po from Hualian who took a train at 6 AM to travel all the way to Taipei for the fan event.  According to Division Chief Hong from the Department of Information and Tourism, the agency organizes monthly meetings for Bravo to engage fans which takes place on Thursdays of the fourth week each month. However, it plans to add additional sessions during the summer months, which means fans can meet the bear also on the Thursdays of the second week of the month as well.  In addition, in response to the popularity of Bravo, the agency also offers a wide range of souvenirs at the souvenir center located on the first floor lobby of city hall. Merchandises include mugs, folders, masking tape, face masks, and more!  As a reminder, the Bravo theme shop will close its doors on June 29, so fans of the mascot bears should take advantage of the remaining days to pick up items stamped with the image of the mascot.  For detailed schedules, please visit the Chinese Facebook fan page of Bravo (https://www.facebook.com/bravotaipei/).  
For three school years in a row, Zhongshan Elementary Schools special education program has focused on the concept of mountain as a school. On June 10, resource class teacher Cui De-long led a team comprising five students from the program to embark on a three-day mountaineering trip to Jade Mountains.  The team comprised the five students (one second grader, one third grader, one fourth grader, and two fifth graders), a students sibling (third grader), as well as parents and volunteers.  Since the 2016 school year, these students have been learning about overcoming challenges that came with autism or mood disorder and engaging in the mountain education program. Goals are established for the short term, the mid-term, and the long term respectively.  Mountain education is intended to help students build physical strength, explore personal potentials, and connect with nature. Three of the students were accompanied by their parents on the trip.  The school pointed out mountain education is not meant to cultivate mountaineers, but rather to engage teachers, children, and families. It invites members of the public and media to exchange their views and ideas about the mountain education program.
City to Strengthen Crackdown on Littering on Traffic Islands  The Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) has earmarked ten locations for heightened crackdown which targets drivers littering from car windows. The campaign will take effect on July 1.  According to the agency, it will dispatch personnel to the respective sites and will use enforcement cameras to nab littering. Violators may face fines up to NT$6,000 in accordance with Article 27 and Article 50 of the Waste Disposal Act.  DEP said litters on traffic islands are valid environmental hazard, as the wastes can increase flood risks when clogging road drainage or causing safety concerns for road users. The removal of trash on traffic islands and roadside may also pose threats to cleaning workers and hold up traffic, which will garner complaints from road users.  The list of the ten locations is provided below. Signs are installed at each location to remind drivers not to toss trash from the car window.   Intersection of Songren Road and Zhongxiao East Road Intersection of Yongji Road and Zhongpo North Road Intersection of Guangfu South Road and Civil Boulevard Intersection of Zhongxiao East Road and Fuxing South Road Intersection of Heping East Road and Xinsheng South Road Intersection of Minzu East Road and Songjiang Road Intersection of Beian Road and Jingye 2nd Road Intersection of Gangqian Road and Lane 82 of Gangqian Road Intersection of Zhongxiao East Road and Dongxin Street Intersection of Roosevelt Road and Roosevelt Road  
Taipei City Government announced that all activities at the Huashan Grassland would be suspended from June 19 onwards, following a homicide incident at the site earlier this month.  The property owner of Huashan Grassland is the Judicial Yuan. The site has been leased to Taipei City Urban Regeneration Office (URO) up through June 30, 2018.  URO pointed out that it has leased the venue to promote urban regeneration efforts and diversity. With the lease expiring soon, the agency decided to open the venue for public use by granting permission to art group Unregulated Masses to utilize the venue as the site for a temporary artist village lasting from November 2017 through June 30, 2018.  In setting up the artist village, Unregulated Masses called for artistic and creative proposals from the public and requested participants to comply with rules set out by the management team and authorities. Unregulated Masses expressed regret over the tragedy and said it will cooperate with investigations.  All resident teams on the facility have begun evacuation and the site of the incident will be dismantled after investigation has been completed. With the facility now closed to public access, URO said it has started preparation work to return the property to the Judicial Yuan. 
With his successful performance at the 2018 Taipei Muslim Carnival and Eid Celebration, Indonesian singer Pasha Ungu took a day off his schedule to enjoy a daytrip on the double-decker bus with his family.  Asked about the advantages of the double-decker bus, Pasha noted that the high elevation of the bus allows him to take pictures from a great perspective, snapping shots of the street scenes as the bus traveled towards Taipei 101.  During his stopover at Taipei 101, the buildings mascot character Damper Baby appeared on the scene and presented a birthday cake for Pashas daughter, who just happened to have her birthday on the previous day.  Despite the short stay in Taipei, Pasha remarked that he enjoyed the Eid celebration and Muslim Carnival, promising to share his experience with his fans upon his return.  According to Information and Tourism Commissioner Chen Si-yu, the majority of Muslim tourists visiting Taipei City are from Indonesia and Malaysia. According to statistics from the Tourism Bureau, a total of 189,631 Indonesians visited Taipei City in 2017, while 528,019 Malaysians stopped by in the same year.  With roughly 1.8 billion Muslims around the world, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) is proactively seeking opportunities to tap into to this potential market. In April, the agency invited Indonesian Internet celebrity DindaKirana to Taipei for an in-depth tour involving DIY pineapple cake lessons and visits to night markets.
The Animal Protection Office (APO) has taken aggressive actions to deter animal abandonment by imposing heavy penalties. Owners who have been confirmed to have abandoned their pets will face a penalty of NT$30,000 or higher severe cases may incur a penalty of at least NT$50,000 and may be banned from keeping pets for lifethe heaviest among the islands municipalities.  Between 2015 and May, 2018, administrative penalties were imposed on a total of 64 confirmed pet abandonment cases, with the combined amount reaching NT$ 1,955,000.  According to APO, many of the owners who have abandoned pets are economically disadvantageous. As of end of April 2018, among the 50 offenders slapped with fines, 46 individuals earned less than NT$50,000 annually. Since laws require that punishment should factor in the aggressors ability to be take blame and financial well-being when it comes to monetary sanction, such situations often result in the minimum monetary penalties being imposed. As such, APO would resort to compulsory implementation and conduct regular property inspections to heighten enforcement.  To avoid individuals from abusing the dis-ownership process, APO has lifted the threshold for dis-ownership application, hoping owners to give a second thought before surrendering their pets.  The agency pledges to safeguard animal welfare and calls on public members to report incidents of animal mistreatment.
In the company of Civil Affairs Commissioner Lan Shih-Tsung, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited borough heads in Chungshan District to appreciate their hard work and to extend holiday wishes to residents on the day of Dragon Boat Festival.  Kos first stop involved a meeting with Bitou Borough Head Lin Ming-qing at Bitou Community Center. Lin expressed support for the citys attempts to improve livability, citing that after pedestrian walkway markings were added to the boroughs alleys, the roads has become more orderly and parking violations declined in numbers, allowing pedestrians  especially elders  to walk without fear of passing vehicles.  The mayor commented that a primary reason for visiting boroughs and business districts is based on the perception of the governments role as a service provider, rather than a supervisor, for the residents. He said that a switch in stance will allows things to progress more efficiently.  Ko stressed that it is not possible for the government to know the market better than industry players. By reaching out to borough heads and businesses for frontline information, the public sector can make more informed decisions, he added.  Stressing his belief in communitarianism, Ko pointed out that the citys senior resident meal-sharing program is intended at engaging the elderly and providing them a chance to become connected. The Farmcity program also serves similar functions, the mayor added.  In conclusion, Ko lauded the role of the citys borough heads for providing down-to-earth, first-hand information in the citys policy-making process. 
In the interest of ensuring the safety of tenants, even before the Ministry of Interior (MOI) categorizes rental properties that are divided into more than six rooms or equipped with more than 10 beds as H-1 and identified such properties as for public use, Taipei City Construction Management Office (CMO) has already taken action to ask homeowners of such properties to improve interior material fire ratings and escape planning.  According to CMO, revelation of incompliance cases often requires members of the public and related agencies due to manpower shortage on the agencys part and limitations of probing private properties.   Once any incompliance is reported and confirmed, the agency will notify the responsible property owner in writing, informing him or her to conduct safety checkup and file the results within a specified period. As of June 12 this year, seven cases have been processed, according to the agency. If the landlord fails to take due actions accordingly, they will face possible penalties under Article 91 of Building Act.  When applying for the renovation permit to divide a property into multiple rooms for rent, the landlord should file a safety report at the same time.  For rental properties that are divided into less than six rooms or have less than 10 beds in total, the city has proposed to MOI to expand core requirements on interior materials to ensure tenant rights to safety. 
With the Taipei International Dragon Boat Festival taking place starting June 16, the Taipei Water Department (TWD) seeks to use the opportunity to promote reduction of bottled water and promote the use of drinking fountains.  To this end, the event organizers will not provide any bottled water during the competition. Furthermore, TWD has also set up 21 mobile drinking fountains across the venue, offering the public 41 locations for accessing drinking water. A number of the locations are equipped with glass-filler fountain heads which allows users to replenish canteens or other reusable water containers.  In addition to merging into the surrounding urban landscape, the design of the drinking fountains also take into account the needs of different users. For example, there are fountains geared towards adults and children, reverse L-shaped drinking fountains, and drinking fountains spelling out the words WATER.  According to TWD, the WATER drinking fountain serves multiple functions, including dispensing drinking water for on-site drinking or container refill, as well as water for simple cleaning purposes. The wooden material used for the facility and the big English letters WATER makes these drinking fountains easily identifiable.  For more information, please visit the Chinese website of the 2018 Taipei International Dragon Boat Festival: http://dragonboat.taipei/default.aspx
With just a few days before the Dragon Boat Festival, Taipei Mayor Ko Wen-je attended an event which highlighted care for seniors who live alone.  According to Ko, the number of individuals ages 65 and above in Taipei City has reached 4,450,000. They account for 16.58% of the citys population, and the ratio is expected to exceed 20% by 2021a threshold for becoming a super-aged society.  The mayor indicated that the city government is working on creating an elderly care system that is meant to last and provide comprehensive resources. To achieve this, the collaboration between both public and private sectors will be necessary. He recalled his visits to several public elderly day care facilities and pledged that more care centers will be established to accommodate the needs of senior citizens  especially those needing special care.  Ko said Department of Social Welfare and Department of Health have jointly rolled out a slew of services targeting the senior population, which include in-home care, in-home pharmacy, in-home nursing, and household task assistance. Each of the Citys 12 administrative districts has respectively one location in charge of the services.  The City also offers subsidies to low and middle income households who wish to make their homes safer. The mayor pointed out that those who wish to reduce the risk of tripping over thresholds or falling in bathrooms may take advantage of the program.  The mayor encourages senior residents to adopt a mobile lifestyle for quality living, adding that they can utilize their senior citizen cards to that end. As for whether the scope of applications of the senior citizen card should include long term care service for those with limited mobility, Ko said responsible agencies are still contemplating the possibilities. 
The price of bananas has dropped significantly this year due to a surplus production favored by hot weather. In a bid to support farmers, Taipei City Government called for its twelve district offices to help borough offices order bananas through Taipei Agricultural Products Marketing Co.  In just three days between June 6 and June 8, a total of 5,156 cartons  the equivalent of 77.34 metric tons  were ordered.  Shan Lian-cheng, head of Shunxing Borough in Wenshan District, ordered 200 cartons of bananas for the upcoming Dragon Boat Festival celebration event. Borough Chief Shan, whose past experience includes the agriculture industry, commented that he could relate to the feelings of the farmers, who have devoted more than ten months of hard work for an income that turns out being not commensurate with the toil. The bananas will be distributed as prizes at the event and he recommends residents to buy fresh, locally grown bananas, which are not only affordable but also nutritious and tasty.  Linjiang Borough of Datong District also ordered 200 cartons. Borough Chief Chen Li-xiang said the boroughs Dragon Boat Festival event, slated for June 16, will highlight bananas and promote the health benefits of the fruit.  Shi Zhong-sheng, Head of Qunying Borough of Daan District, paid for 100 cartons out of his own pocket. The bananas will be donated to charities and disadvantageous households in the borough.  Department of Civil Affairs Commissioner Lan Shih-Tsung expressed his gratitude to the citys district offices and borough heads for helping farmers through actions.  
On June 12, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a ceremony to present awards to outstanding law enforcement officers in recognition of their commitment and achievements.  During his address, Ko congratulated all the honorees as well as their family members, who form a strong support system behind these officers. He furthered that a major success often cannot be achieved by a single hand rather, it requires the support of supervisors, coworkers and family members. The mayor reminded the honorees to express gratitude to those who have offered them help while sharing the happiness from receiving the award.  Ko said statistics show a decline in violent crimes and an increase in intelligent crimes, adding that the citys legal enforcement as well as traffic management efforts should move in the direction of smartization to accommodate these trends. According to the mayor, many digitalization changes in the citys police department have taken place over the years and will continue into the future.  Citing the Crime Index 2017 compiled by Numbeo.com of which Taipei is listed as the third safest city among the worlds 378 cities with a crime index of 15.76, Ko attributed the citys low crime rate to the hard work of the police force.  At the end of his address, the mayor wished a happy Police Officers Day to all the cops.
The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) has reached an agreement with Agoda to either remove or suspend listings of illegal hotels in Taipei from its website. The booking operator also promised that it will assist consumers who have reserved such hotels to transfer to alternatives that are licensed and safer.  Expedia, another booking website, said it responded to Taipei Citys move with discreetness and had submitted the TPEDOITs list of illegal hotels to the companys legal department in the US for review and approval. An official announcement is expected in the near future, noted the company.  The website Booking.com has yet to respond to the city governments request. TPEDOIT said it will continue to reach out to Booking.com to achieve same consensus.  According to TPEDOIT, in 2017 alone, the agency processed 128 illegal transient rental cases. The penalties issued amount to NT$19,770,000.  Since the implementation of a crackdown targeting unlicensed hotels in November 1, 2017, a total of 53 illegal hotels have been identified as of the end of May. Among these hotels, 34 had ceased operation before electricity and water was cut off by the authorities another seven had been registered as legal operators. The remaining 12 establishments are either in the review process or on TPEDOITs watch list.  The agencys move is supported by local hotel industry. The Chairman of Taipei Hotel Association calls on all online reservation websites to join in on the war against illegal apartment rentals to ensure consumer rights and the wellbeing of the industry. 
On June 11, Mayor Ko Wen-je sat down with 25 startup teams from 16 countries who stood out among the 112 teams competing in the 2018 Global Startup Talents @Taipei program.  During his address, Ko noted that Taipei  a business-friendly city with huge business potentials and investment opportunities  has a lot to offer as a supportive partner to startups. He said Taiwan is an important location for companies looking to expand into Asia. The island excels in industrial design and manufacturing in the supply chain, Ko added, citing examples including Foxconn, TSMC, ASUS, and Acer.  The mayor commented that the winning teams span a wide range of industry fields and will engage in exchanges and collaborations with local companies. He pledged that the city government will continue assisting international teams to operate in Taipei and to expand to other parts of the world.  The presentation session followed the mayors address, which began with the 360Stories Team from the US sharing the application of AR/VR database to tourism.  Other highlights include AID: Tech from Ireland showcasing the use of Blockchain technology to improve transaction transparency and traceability. In another session, the Dutch team Bloo Vision showcased specialized binoculars that are designed to help children ages three to eight to get rid of lazy eyes.  
Central Weather Bureau has forecast torrential downpour to affect the island starting June 13 due to an approaching front interacting with a southwesterly flow.  According to the Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO), such downpour may cause river levels to rise abruptly, hence little time for notice and deliberation of best response. The agency calls upon members of the public to be aware of the dangers and take preventive measures against flooding.  HEO offers advice on three dos: keep ditch cover clear of obstacles, install flood protection barriers, and keep track of weather and flood warnings.  Roadside gutters collect road water and divert it into a drain. Yet, many of these facilities are often found overlaid with potted plants, mats, plastic board, or leaves. Sometimes their spaces are even occupied by vendor carts. All these can impede the flow of rainwater from road surface to drainage, leaving the road more susceptible to flooding.  Also, as required by current building codes, basement flood prevention system should be connected to the emergency power grid. Regulations also require flood prevention barriers to be installed and operated by qualified personnel. Regular drills should also be implemented to ensure preparedness.  Finally, individuals should keep track of weather and flood advisories. The public is advised to make use of the following resources:  Taipei City Disaster Prevention and Rescue Information: http://www.eoc.gov.taipei/EOC/  Taipei City Government LINE account: http://line.naver.jp/ti/p/%40taipei Subscribe to TCG LINE account: http://www.eoc.gov.taipei/EOC/WaterAlert/FloodAlert  Taipei City Disaster Prevention and Rescue APP:  Android: https://goo.gl/S07bSe iOs: https://goo.gl/jdRTSD  
In the morning of June 9, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended an event highlighting rice foods such as rice cake and zongzi. Zongzi is the iconic food eaten around Dragon Boat Festival, which falls on June 18 this year.  During his address, Ko expressed gratitude to the attending chairpersons who represent the respective business districts for creating prosperous communities and thereby helping boost local industries. It is the embodiment of the idea of turning small successes into a big one, the mayor commented.  According to Ko, the Yensan business circle, which is located near Taipei Bridge, is the origin of Taipeis rice-eating culture. There used to be a commercial area dubbed as the rice cake street in the area. Up to the present day, rice-processing stores in the neighborhood still practice traditional methods in making rice cake. In a time when local diet culture has been greatly influenced by the western diet culture, the event is particularly meaningful in promoting a rice-eating tradition, said the mayor.  This year marks the events 19th anniversary. The rice-centric event sees the participation of neighboring temples and holding activities where the faithful could wish good luck for exams.  The mayor also participated in the making of zongzi and red turtle-shaped mochi. At the end of his attempt, he concluded that its easier to eat the food than to prepare it yourself, leaving the crowd in laughter.   
Are you among those who have family members from Thailand, whose work involves interactions with new immigrants, or who just have an interest in Thai language and culture?  The Songshan District Office will offer Thai courses at the Nangang New Immigrants Hall. These courses are taught by native speaker Nitiwat Watthanapas and available at both beginner and advanced levels. Students will be able to develop fundamental skills in the language.  The beginners course will begin on August 5 and run through August 26. Classes meet on Sunday from 9 AM to 4 PM. The advanced-level program will begin on September 2 and end on September 30 (no class on Sep. 23). Classes meet on Sunday from 9 AM to 4 PM.  The courses are free, with the exception of textbooks and other learning materials.  Applications can be submitted starting at 8:30 AM, Monday, July 2. Only online applications are accepted. To apply, please visit: https://ssdo.gov.taipei/. As openings are limited, those with Thai family members or domiciled in Taipei City will be given the priority for admission.  For more information, please contact Ms. Lo at 8787-8787 ext. 736.
According to the 2018 Global Muslim Travel Index (GMTI) report, Taiwan now ranks fifth on the list of Muslim-friendly non-OIC tourist destinationsthe first time for the island to break into top five. Seeing the improvement as encouragement, as the destination of choice for international visitors to Taiwan, Taipei City will keep up its effort in making the city even more Muslim-friendly.  According to Commissioner Chen Su-yu of the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT), Taipei City Government has encouraged restaurants and hotels to achieve standards for Muslim/Halal friendliness and promoted pork-free and non-alcohol labelling among night market vendors to provide Muslim visitors and residents with a friendly and convenient environment.  While achieving Halal friendliness standards requires implementation of special practices which may differ from local customs, an increased number of restaurants are showing interest to become Halal-certified in light of the growing Muslim tourist market.  At this years Muslim Carnival which will take place on June 17 at Daan Forest Park, the municipal government will introduce vending machines that sell Halal certified foodsthe first of its kind to be introduced in non-Muslim countries. The vending machine has received strong support from both JAKIM (the Malay agency responsible for the Islamic affairs) and the International Institute for Halal Research & Training (INHART). The facility has also attracted the interest of foreign vendors.  The initial installation of these vending machines targets universities and colleges with higher number of Muslim students. The city government will also seek to cooperate with enterprises to help create a Muslim-friendly environment. The foods sold in the machine will include sandwiches, hamburgers, and instant rice meals, with more options on the way.  
Want to get away from the heatwaves and urban jungle? Why not visit the Pineapple Mansion in Datun Borough? Located in Beitou District, the former community known for its production of pineapples has been transformed into a tourist destination boasting cherry blossoms, pineapple, and a rural field by the staff of the Geotechnical Engineering Office.  According to the agency, the notable traits of the area include a pineapple-shaped pavilion, cherry blossom pedestrian walkway, walkway by the creek, and a fabulous location to take in a breathtaking view of the Guandu Plains.  Chief Chen from the agencys Slope Conservation Section noted that the community is known for its spring cherry blossoms, nighttime city skyline, riverside ecosystem, and historical community, as well as the hot springs nearby. The pineapple-shaped pavilion and the plaza next door are known local landmarks. The creek under the bridge has undergone conservation efforts over the years, restoring the ecosystem of the surrounding.  Furthermore, planning a visit to the area during the months of June and July will give visitors and opportunity to try out fresh bamboo shoots. The cool and delicious entre is sure to bring you coolness on a hot summer day.  Directions:  Take the MRT to MRT Beitou Station and transfer to bus 218. Disembark at Fuxing Middle School stop and walk to Lane 152 of Fuxing Third Road. Take the MRT to MRT Beitou Station and transfer to bus S9. Disembark at Baigong Villa stop and walk to Lane 152 of Fuxing Third Road. Take the MRT to MRT Xinbeitou Station and transfer to any of the following buses: 216, 223, or 266. Disembark at Fuxing Middle School stop and walk to Lane 152 of Fuxing Third Road.  
In light of mass-causality incidents associated with rooftop add-ons or illegal factory structures, Taipei City Government has prioritized the crackdown on 218 unauthorized structures that may endanger public safety.  The measure targets rooftop add-ons that have three or more utilization units. Fire alarm system will be required in such structures to ensure occupant and community safety.  For large illegal structures that may undermine public safety, the municipal government will begin with six structures that cover more than 300 square meters in June. Due to volume, the dismantling of such structures will take more resources and longer time.  Taipei City Government is committed to upholding public safety. To this end, it will continue efforts to remove existing large-scale unauthorized structures and preventing new ones from being constructed.  According to the Construction Management Office, the central government is contemplating amendments to regulations, allowing for imposing of penalties on unauthorized structures in an effort to deter illegal constructions and add-ons. Following possible amendment and implementation, the agency will enforce the rules. It calls on owners of unauthorized structures to abide by regulations and make rectification accordingly before getting caught.
On June 6, the Eindhoven delegation led by Mayor John Jorritsma visited the City Hall in the company of Guy Wittich, Representative and Head of Mission of Netherlands Trade and Investment Office.  The group met with Mayor Ko Wen-je and other city officials and exchanged views on topics such as smart city, innovation industry collaborations, and circular economy.  Taipei City Mayor Ko Wen-je welcomed the dignitaries to Taiwan and recalled his visit to Eindhoven earlier this year to be pleasant and fulfilling.  Ko pointed out that both cities share much in common such as commitment to smart city, sustainable management, and emphasis on innovation. He invites Eindhoven to take part in Taipeis GO SMART initiative and believes that both cities can benefit through the collaborations.  The delegation, comprising representatives from 17 Dutch startup companies, will attend InnoVEX to share their experiences and conduct exchange with other teams.  During his address, Mayor Jorritsma remarked that he is delighted to hear both Eindhoven and Taipei face similar challenges, work toward similar goals, and share similar ideas. He also looks forward to seeing more reciprocal collaborations between the cities in the future.  Taipei is a city with a vibrant and startup-friendly environment. More than 60% of Taiwans new foreign businesses that are incorporated over the past three years choose Taipei as the location of operations such trend is growing steadily, with 2017 seeing a growth rate of 67%. 
In the morning of June 6, mayor Ko Wen-je presented awards to outstanding vendors during the 2018 Taipei Traditional Market Festival at the award ceremony.  This year marks the 11th anniversary of the festival, which attracted a total of 165 vendors to compete for 14 titles at the event. The assessment process took two months.  Noting that the competition this year is particularly fierce as it drew the most entries it ever had, Ko said the municipal government spares no efforts in giving new life into the citys traditional markets for the past three and a half years.  While carrying out a makeover for the traditional establishments may be easy, implementing new ideas such as higher hygiene standards and e-commerce will be a challenge, noted the mayor. He has instructed Department of Economic Development to assist the citys newly renovated markets with aspects including waste sorting, waste disposal, hygiene management and maintenance, and e-commerce.  The mayor said street food and markets rank among the top three most enticing elements for international tourists visiting the island. He is looking forward to seeing more improvements. 
Stating June, the Foreign and Disabled Labor Office will provide six intensive training sessions for the citys foreign caregivers to help them sharpen caregiving skills and adapt to the local environment.  The trainings will be delivered by experts in the fields of nursing and consulting. Coursework spans a wide range of caregiving essentials, such as oral hygiene, safety points on moving the care recipient, administering back-patting on the recipient, meal-feeding techniques, wheelchair transport techniques, medication instructions, and mental health promotions.  Disability caregiving will also be covered in the program, which seeks to equip trainees with the specialized knowledge and skills in caring for special needs individuals. All the topics are essential for ensuring care and well-being of the care recipients.  According to Ministry of Labor statistics, as of end of 2017, there are 43,229 foreign caregivers working in Taipei city  roughly a thousand more compared to the year before. While most of the caregivers live in their employers home, their needs may not be heard easily. The training programs are designed to help them improve not only practical working skills, but also communication skills with their employers.  Trainees can connect and build a support network with their classmates. For those who are not proficient in the Chinese language, interpretation is available in four languages.  While the program is directed at foreign caregivers who work either in home or care facilities, care recipients and their family members are also welcomed to sign up.  For more information or registration, please visit the Chinese website (https://goo.gl/MmuNoc) or dial at (02) 2959-5855 ext. 14.
One of the biggest pains of using a public restroom is getting stuck in a stall that ran out of toilet paper. To save you from such embarrassing moments, the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) has introduced the islands first smart restrooms installed with sensors that can detect if toilet paper has been depleted.  According to the agency, the smart restrooms are located at the public restrooms No. 5 and No. 6 at Daan Park. The smart restrooms work by using IOT sensor technologies, which can monitor the amount of toilet paper and hand wash remaining in the restrooms and detect unpleasant odor.  Service personnel will receive a notification when theres a need for cleanup or restocking. The ingenious mechanism not only helps improve user experience, but also benefits management and manpower efficiency.  The big data collected from the user traffic will be analyzed via artificial intelligence applications to provide reference for supply procurement and coordination.  In addition to monitoring supplies and odor and sending notifications, future applications of smart restrooms will expand to include cleaner attendance management and enhanced clean-up schedules that accommodate actual user traffic.  
To promote awareness of water resources and conservation, Taipei City Government offers inspection services to help households check water meters, leaks, and install low-flow faucets starting July 2016.  As of end of May of 2018, a total of 11,329 households have taken advantage of the program. Inspections identified 2,200 toilet tank leaks and 1,174 cases of other leaking equipment. This accomplishment contributed to an aggregate reduction of water consumption by 613,000 metric tonsthe equivalent of NT$552 water bill savings per household per year.  The program is so well received that it will be extended.  To pass on water saving tips and visualize what actions one can take to reduce water consumption, Taipei Water Department has launched a campaign by dispatching a special promotion bus to conduct 160 promotion sessions at schools and communities. The public will have a chance practicing how to check water meters and toilet water tank and adjust faucet flow. Other water saving tips include reusing hand-washing water for flushes, using water saving shower heads and washing machines. The agency welcomes communities and boroughs to reserve a session by contacting its service center (TEL: 02-87335678).  At the ceremony inaugurating the bus on June 5, mayor Ko Wen-je called on members of the public to take actions in reducing water usage to minimize the possibility of water rationing.  
On June 4, Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the certification ceremony highlighting the participation of community doctors in the Citys suicide prevention program.  During his address, Ko expressed gratitude to the doctors for their commitment and commented that the new reinforcement strengthen the existing support network under Teacher Chang helpline and is accessible for people who are tempted to seek an abrupt end.  Citing suicide statistics in 2016, Ko said that while Taipeis suicide rate is 11.4 per hundred thousand  lower than the islands average of 16 per hundred thousand, suicide still claims the lives of about 300 residents annually over the past five years. He stresses the importance of statistics-based science, adding that 50% of those who attempted suicides have sought medical advice for symptoms such as headache, insomnia, or depression, before turning to suicide.  The mayor pointed out that if those showing signs of suicidal thoughts can be identified early onward and reported to responsible agencies when they turn to medical advice, we may have a more chance to prevent such tragedies from occurring.  The call volume of Teacher Changs lifeline has seen an increase. Operators have answered over 52,000 calls since its establishment in 2009.  
On May 22, the Department of Education (DOE) submitted a request to the Ministry of Education presenting the assessment of rating air conditioning as a necessity in classrooms across schools in metropolitan areas.  The DOE has commissioned architects to assess physical properties of the respective campuses. Upon completion of assessment, improvement projects such as thermal insulation and green cooling methods will be carried out, hoping to reduce heat gain while helping to conserve energy.  The agency said it will continue to build smart and green campus by introducing solar farm, greenery and vegetation, water vapor, roof-spray cooling, ventilation, shades, and so on. Apart from installing new air conditioning system and phasing out old ones, improvement will also be applied to existing units to boost energy efficiency. DOE expects the power distribution system improvements will be complete by steps over the next four to five years.  According to DOE, it will help arrange meetings for parent representatives and air con suppliers to discuss whether air cons should be acquired through leasing or procured on installment plan basis if the respective schools decide to install air con in classrooms. DOE will bring in experts to help schools determine power requirements for the air con procurement.  Making sure students are studying in a comfortable and healthy environment is part of MOEs focus. To achieve this, the agency views the establishment of intelligent and green campus as the long-term solution and air conditioning as a last resort it will turn to. 
On May 31, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended an interpellation session at Taipei City Council.  In response to city councilor request to improve hygiene and safety of public restrooms in tourist night markets, Ko said there should be a renewal plan for the night markets and that he would meet with Market Administration Office to find ways for effective improvements.  As for the possibility of establishing a red-light district, the mayor pointed out that the first step to solving a problem is to face it, adding that a task force has been assigned to gather opinions from society. He furthered that with confirmed cases of HIV infection on the rise, prevention is the first step for management from a public health perspective. There are also legal issues to consider, the mayor remarked.  The mayor agreed with city councilors opinion about establishing subsidy standards to support indigenous children who may miss opportunities due to limited financial means.  As for the location of the aboriginal culture park, the mayor said the Department of Cultural Affairs is still working on it with Yuanshan being considered as the possible choice.  In response to city councilor question whether the municipal government has reviewed last years Double Ninth Festival mountain hiking event, Ko stressed that the city government is a team that keeps reflecting on itself to avoid repeating old mistakes and to improve as it moves along.
Do you find skateboarding a hard sport and still debate whether to try it out? Are you inspired by the agility of extreme sports athletes? Here is the opportunity for you to explore the sports!  Department of Sports is offering free skateboarding and BMX Biking coaching for thrill seekers from June 1 at Taipei City Extreme Sports Training Center. National skateboarding coach Chang Ming-tang and BMX biker Zheng Cheng-zong will be sharing knowledge and helping participants sharpen their skills.  The coaching sessions are scheduled for Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, starting at 2 PM and ending at 6 PM respectively. There are also two Sunday sessionsone running from 9 AM to 12 PM, and the other from 1 PM to 6 PM. The sessions are open to sign up on site.  Located near MRT Nankang Station, Taipei City Extreme Sports Training Center is one of the few extreme sports centers in Taiwan that are certified by international standards. The center runs from 8 AM to 10 PM and free of charge. It also offers summer activities for children to try out and spend time practicing sports.  Department of Sports encourages sports fans, both adults and children, to enjoy the fun and thrill. The agency also reminds that participants should bring their own equipment (skateboards, bikes, and protective gear).   
In partnership with Niusnews, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) will roll out MRT travel packages for different itinerary lengths and travel styles.  With a purchase of the 24hr Taipei Metro Pass, 48hr Taipei Metro Pass, or 72hr Taipei Metro Pass, as well as group one-day pass or combo pass (MRT-HSR or MRT-Taoyuan Airport MRT), visitors will receive vouchers and a folded leaflet packed with tourist information.  The vouchers offer discounts in five categories, ranging from shopping, dining, cafes and dessert places, drinks and small bite stores, and specialty shops. Two vouchers may be redeemed for each category and are valid through June 30. (See more detail on the reverse side of the voucher.)  The voucher program covers many of the citys most visited attractions and establishments that are located along the MRT network, including Taipei 101 Observatory, Maokong Gondola, Childrens Amusement Park, Taipei Arena Iceland, Eslite Bookstores, Ice Monsters, Yannick, and many others!  The pass denominations include NT$150 (One-Day Pass), NT$180 (24hr Taipei Metro Pass), NT$280 (48hr Taipei Metro Pass), and NT$380 (72hr Taipei Metro Pass). Visitors are encouraged to travel around Taipei using the passes to enjoy unlimited rides during the given time.  For inquiries on the passes, contact the information counters at MRT stations or visit the TRTC website http://www.metro.taipei/ (Chinese). Information is also accessible by calling at TRTCs 24-hour line at (02) 2181-2345. For callers in Taipei City, dial 1999 for Taipei City Citizen Hotline. For those outside Taipei City, please dial (02) 2720-8889. 
On May 31, Department of Economic Development (DOED) joined Department of Environmental Protection, Department of Information and Tourism, Department of Health, Department of Transportation, and Department of Education to announce the kickoff of the Taipei Energy-Saving Season.  With temperatures continuing to climb and electricity consumption reaching new heights, how to enjoy summer in comfort while keeping electricity bills low becomes an important issue, especially considering that summer electricity rate will soon take effect on June 1.  Data show that 50% of the citys total final energy consumption is related to the service sector, followed by 40% from residential power demand. Old appliances might be the culprit of high electricity bills as they use more energy than new energy-efficient models.  To help households improve their energy efficiency, DOED has teamed up with 21 retailers to offer deals on approved energy-saving appliances. A total of NT$ 185,000,000 has also been committed to the energy-saving alliance rebate for the citys service sector, aiming to facilitate the phase-out of energy-intensive equipment and promote energy efficiency.  Taipei City Government invites members of the public to take actions to conserve energy and help make the city green!
Starting June 1 through July 31, the Animal Protection Office (APO) invites members of the public to take a closer look at one of the most common city birdsMalayan night heron  for a chance to win prizes by sending in sightings of the bird!  The event is cohosted by APO and the Wildlife Lab of School of Forestry & Resource Conservation of National Taiwan University. According to the agency, Malayan night herons are easily spotted in grassy areas near schools and parks. The scene of the bird tugging with an earthworm from the ground would often attract passersby to stop and observe. However, how the bird migrates and adapt to urban life may not be as well known to many.  The event seeks to encourage the public to take notes of the avian population living in our jungle of concrete. To participate in the event to win prizes, just send in pictures and provide information on the sighting, including location, leg ring color, its appearance, the surrounding and ongoing behavior of the bird at the time of the sighting.  A total of 30 individuals will receive useful prizes such as file folders, water bottles, and arm sleeves.  Other events will also take place in Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall on June 16, including a science workshop featuring the bird and a guided tour around the complex to locate and observe the bird.  Registration is required and starts at noon on June 1. For more information, please visit (Chinese) Facebook fan page or contact Wildlife Lab Assistant Mr. Chen at 02-3366-4637.
In light of low precipitation around the island since March, the Feitsui Reservoir Administration (FRA) stressed that current water supply is 180 million metric ton, which is 58-percent of total capacity of the reservoir. The volume is sufficient to sustain the citys population through the end of August.  According to the agency, the reservoirs catchment has reported little rainfall since March. The amount of rainfall between March and May reached only 38-percent of the average volume acquired during this period in past years, setting a new record in three decades.  The measurement taken at 8 AM on May 30, 2018 indicated that the water level remains at 150.43 meters, with an effective water storage capacity of approximately 177 million metric tons (roughly 55.77-percent of effective water storage percentage).  In addition to meeting the water-use demand of Taipei Citys inhabitants, the reservoir also covers part of the water supply to residents of Banqiao and Xinzhuang districts in New Taipei City. Statistics show that Feitsui Reservoir has provided a total of 53.6 million metric tons of water to the aforementioned area since January of 2018.  FRA also added that staff is on standby around the clock and will conduct artificial rainfall enhancement operations if weather conditions are right to assuage the dry spell.  In the meantime, the agency calls upon the public to save water through actions in day-to-day life, helping to conserve this valuable resource of nature.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended an interpellation session at Taipei City Council on May 28.  In response to city councilor request for a comprehensive review on Wanhua developments and the inclusion of opinions of borough leaders and local gentry in the policy making process, Ko said relevant issues are already placed on the meeting agenda and borough heads have been invited to the meetings for opinion exchanges. The mayor stressed that while follow-ups are important, compliance with administrative regulations is a must.  The mayor agreed with city councilors proposal on setting aside funding to equip police officers with heat resistant gear and rain gear. In response to city councilors request of resurrecting allowance for senior citizens, Ko said that still requires further thoughts.  The mayor pointed out that numerous projects are being implemented with steady progress and in efficient manners. Taipei is the only municipality in Taiwan that continues to pay off its debt. He stresses that improved efficiency and reduced public expenditure are key factors in changing the political culture.  On the scope of the applications of the senior citizen card, Ko said the card for elders is designed to encourage the elderly to go out and live an active life. It requires further analysis to determine whether the application scope of the card should be expanded to cover purchases of daily necessities.  Ko stresses that he will remain focused on fulfilling his role to the fullest and doing his best while in office. 
The Wan-an 41 air raid drill will start at 1:30 PM on Monday, June 4.  Between 1:30 PM and 2 PM, evacuation will take effect for the entire northern Taiwan (including Hsinchu and Yilan counties). The city government will also take this opportunity to conduct its first ever emergency response exercise for telecommunication infrastructures based on a bomb attack scenario.  During the drill, pedestrians and vehicles at outdoor areas should follow the instructions of police, military, and evacuation personnel to seek shelter and vacate the roads. Those indoors should shut all windows and doors, turn off power and gas, and comply with regulations under the Civil Defense Act.  Mayor Ko and other supervising officers will drop by Disaster Response Center to receive briefings about the preparedness of citys civil defense system and observe the drill after the raid siren goes off at the start of a 30-minute inspection itinerary. Afterwards, they will supervise the emergency response drill at the building of Ministry of Transportation and Communications and Chunghua Telecoms Renai office. The last stop of the delegation will be the citys second emergency response center, where the dignitaries will supervise the operation and monitor the effectiveness of the supplementary response center.  In light of preparation works for the drill, the section of Hangzhou South Road between Renai Road and Xinyi Road will be closed to traffic between 9:30 AM and 3 PM on May 31, June 1, and June 6 respectively. According to Public Transportation Office, three bus routes will be affected by the traffic measure. The agency reminds members of the public to plan ahead or utilize other forms of transportation.  For more information on the affected bus stops, please visit the webpage of bus service in greater Taipei area: ebus.gov.taipei (Chinese) or the mobile page version pda.5284.com.tw call 0800-005284, or consult the information board on smart bus stops.
Mayor Ko Wen-je inaugurated a special exhibition in Ximending highlighting governments anti-drug efforts on May 28. During his address, Ko expressed gratitude to both central and municipal government agencies, as well as groups from the private sector, for making the exhibition a reality.  Ko said Taipei has an iron triangle anti-drug force, comprising Drug Enforcement Center under Criminal Investigation Division, a specialized task force under Taipei District Prosecutors Office, and Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Center  with the mayor himself acting as the supervisor.  According to the mayor, substance abuse and the war against drugs is a complicated issue, noting the lack of a cure-all solution. It takes the input of agencies at different levels to minimize the impact of drug abuse on society.  Mayor Ko pointed out that the citys anti-drug campaign targets middle school students, given the average age of first-time drug users is surprisingly low as 15  with reported cases reaching as young as 12 year olds. He mentioned the importance of identifying high-risk youths at an early stage, including students and dropouts. He also believes that drug abusers should be treated as patients, not criminals.  The mayor remarked that he has pushed for the establishment of organizations to support rehabilitated drug users and prepare them for return to the workplace. It takes comprehensive efforts to tackle the drug issue, said Ko.  For help with drug abuse, please call 0800-770-885. 
With temperature reaching 38 degrees Celsius on May 27marking the hottest day of the year so far and the hottest May on record, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) issued the first heat wave warning for 2018 on May 27, calling for relevant municipal agencies to take steps against hot weather.  According to DEP, when forecast expects temperature of 38 degrees Celsius or with thermometers staying at 37 degrees for three days straight, an internal alert mechanism will be activated, notifying responsible agencies to take actions.  Possible responses may consist of the follows: the DEP will start spraying water on streets to counter heat and urban heat island effects the Department of Labor will conduct labor inspections at outdoor working environments, and outreach program for live-alone senior residents will be implemented by the Department of Social Welfare.  Other actions include enhanced promotion of market hygiene and food safety by the Market Administration Office and the Department of Health. All the counter heat wave measures are integrated as part of the citys emergency prevention and relief plan.  DEP reminds the public to stay in well-ventilated or air-conditioned indoor spaces to prevent heat-related illness, noting that elderly and young children belong to high risk group and would need special attention.  Outdoor activities in hot weather and direct sun should be moderate with protection measures taken. To prevent dehydration, drink water from time to time eat light to reduce the risk of heat exhaustion. The agency advises those feeling unwell to seek medical help immediately for signs of heat exhaustion: dizziness, headache, tinnitus, excessive thirst, and weakness. 
The beginning of summer also marks the start of the lily season. The Baishi Lake area in Neihu is known for its lily population. On one end of the Baishi Lake Suspension Bridge is a pond surrounded by Easter lilies. The Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) has added a pavilion and walking boardwalk in the vicinity to allow visitors to relax and enjoy the wonderful view.  According to elders of the local community, the area used to be a stone quarry known for its white-colored sandstone. As for the Easter lily around the pond, they look different from standard Taiwan Lily due to the white color on both sides of the petals. With a blooming period lasting 2 to 3 weeks, visitors will be able to bask in the sweet aroma when they visit the area during this period.  The GEO points out that the end of May is the best viewing period for lilies. The sight of leaves blown through the air and the sea of white blooming flowers allow one to temporarily forget the summer heat. Furthermore, the golden-color orange daylilies on the slopes are not only pleasing to the eyes, but also play a role in maintaining soil integrity and can endure harsh weather conditions.  Known for its strawberry farms, the Baishi Lake area also boasts a large selection of flowers for viewing. By taking a short ride on bus S2 and disembarking at Bishanyan stop, visitors can offer their prayers at Kaizhang Shengwang Temple before heading off to the suspension bridge. From the bridge, they can take in the beautiful scenery of the surrounding, which includes the indigenous forest of Wuzhishan mountain range and the traditional Minnan/Hokkien-style mansions, and more.  Directions  Driving: From the freeway, exit at Chenggong Road interchange and travel in the direction of Donghu. Take a left turn at Jinlong Road and continue to Bishan Road. Follow the signs until you reach Bishanyan.  Public Transportation: Take the MRT to MRT Neihu Station. Transfer to S2 at the station exit and disembark at Bishanyan stop. 
In the interest of enforcing bicycle parking rules, the police department has teamed up with the departments of civil affairs, environmental protection, and transportation to step up efforts in the removal of illegally-parked oBike across the city.  To report violations, call the 1999 Citizens Hotline or access the oBike app. Once the report has been received, the company will dispatch personnel to the site and remove the vehicles.  According to the Department of Transportation, in an effort to curb illegally parked oBikes in the streets of Taipei, the Police Department has been authorized to remove illegally parked oBikes and move them to the car pound, charging the operators with vehicle relocation and safekeeping fees since January 1 of 2018.  The two agencies joined hands with the Department of Civil Affairs and oBike to develop a communication platform as well. The parties agreed that oBike will take steps to remove illegally parked vehicles within an hour of receiving notice regarding illegally parked oBikes or oBikes taking up significant number of vehicle parking spaces.  Like other bicycles, oBikes can only be parked at bicycle racks, bicycle parking zones, parking zones for motorcycles and slow vehicles, and free parking spaces for motorcycles. oBikes are prohibited from parking next to yellow or red lines, toll parking spaces for motorcycle, or arcade and pedestrian walkways off-limit to bicycles and motorcycles.  Hopefully, the ratification of the Self-governing Regulations on the Operation and Management of Shared Vehicles in Taipei City will create a set of rules to regulate shared vehicle companies through measures such as designated service area, licensing fees, and cap on the number of vehicle deployed, as well as fines and penalties for violations. As of today, the first reading of the bylaw has been completed at Taipei City Council. 
On May 24, Mayor Ko Wen-je inaugurated a senior citizen service and daycare center and a child daycare center which are housed inside the Jiankang Public Housing complex.  Noting this is the citys first project incorporating welfare facilities into a public housing community, Ko said the project is also the result of collaboration between the Department of Urban Development and the Department of Social Welfare. Securing a location for social welfare facilities has always been a challenge, so Taipei City Government adopts a new practice where spaces on lower levels of public housing complexes can be allocated as venues for child day care, senior care, and community activities.  By the end of 2018, 24 more public housing complexes in Taipei will have day care centers and other care facilities, said the mayor. He reiterated the Citys ambition to complete the construction of required social welfare facilities within four to five years of time.  According to the mayor, the percentage of individuals 65 years or older among the citys population will exceed 20-percent within 4 to 5 years, signifying the demand for senior day care service and the need for preparation beforehand.  Ko stressed the importance of staying physically and mentally active to enjoy quality life as a senior citizen. He encourages the citys senior population to make good use of Senior EasyCard, pledging that more of the city governments facilities will be available for use by seniors in the future. 
To mark the 20th anniversary of Taipei Film Festival, the Department of Cultural Affairs joins Taipei Rapid Transit in rolling out MRTaipei, transforming MRT stations into theaters on May 26, as well as during the early hours of May 27.  Starting 11 AM on Saturday May 26, MRT Daha Park Station, MRT Nanjing Fuxing Station, MRT Zhongshan Station, and MRT Daan Park Station will take turns screening movies. All of the movies have been selected with care to reflect the characteristics of the respective stations and surrounding areas.  The idea behind the event is simple: city as a theater, connecting MRT, movies, and residents everyday life.  One major highlight of MRTaipei is the screenings at Songshan Railway Station, which will start at 1 AM on May 27 and last through 6 AM. As such, the organizers reminds that participants must be 18 years of age or older. There are only 300 seats available and admission begins at midnight, May 26.  Screening schedule and locations (May 26 and 27):  11 AM, fan-shaped plaza outside Exist 2 of Dahu Park Station: Mambo Girl 2 PM, pedway of Nanjing Fuxing Station: Great Buddha 4 PM, open area next to R79 Eslite Bookstore music department: Wild Tides 7:30 PM, Sunlight Hall inside Daan Park Station: First Launch 1 AM, Dome of Light plaza, Songshan Railway Station: A Breath from the Bottom, Victoria, a surprise screening, and a special edition of the festivals TV commercial.   For more information, visit Taipei Film Festival Facebook fan page https://www.facebook.com/events/989379677880448/ (Chinese) or its official website http://www.taipeiff.taipei/. Information is also accessible by calling at TRTCs 24-hour line at (02) 2181-2345 or on its website http://www.metro.taipei. For callers in Taipei City, dial 1999 for Taipei City Citizen Hotline. For those outside Taipei City, please dial (02) 2720-8889.  
Under the witness of dignitaries from both the central government and municipal government, Shin-Shin Bus Company and RAC Electric Vehicles Inc. inked a contract for the purchase of a fleet of electric buses on May 22.   The signing of the contract signifies one step closer to achieving the citys ambition to make public transportation eco-friendly.  Under the contract, RAC Electric Vehicles Inc. will deliver 12 low-floor electric buses, which are expected to hit the road in October. They will run on the following bus route: Taipei Zoo  National Cheng Chi University  Xinyi Expressway  precincts of the Taipei City Hall  Songshan Railway Station.  The electrification and operation of the bus route was reviewed and received approval in December 2017. Shin-Shin Bus  the operator of the route  will receive subsidies from the Ministry of Transportation and Communications for the acquisition of the 12 electric buses.  The electric bus service will run at an interval of 20 minutes during peak hours and 60 minutes during off-peak periods. The schedule may be adjusted to meet actual conditions.  According to the Public Transportation Office, a promotion program has been planned, aiming to put 400 more electric buses on the citys roads over a span of four years. For incentives, the promotion program will offer operators a mileage-based subsidy scheme (NT$ 5 per km per vehicle), instead of the existing one-off subsidy for fleet purchases (NT$1.5 million per new vehicle).  
For two successive Saturdays (May 26 and June 2), Wanhua District Office will stage two respective events to celebrate Wanhuas culture through DIY activities.  Wanhua District, the historical area of Bangka, is the site of the citys earliest settlements. The areas used to be a political, economic, and cultural hub in northern Taiwan. Up to the present day, Wanhua still exudes a nostalgic feel to its visitors.  Bangka is the home to a cluster of traditional herb businesses. To provide members of the public a chance to explore the traditional flavors of Wanhua, the event on May 26 will take place at Healing Herbar. Participants will have the chance to sample traditional herbal tonics and make their own tea.  The event on June 2 will take place at Taipei Window of Water to highlight an endangered craft tradition: dough figurine handcrafting. During the early days, dough figurine craftsmen could be found setting up shops at major religious events and celebrations, displaying their delicate works of art to the delight of passersby and customers. Participants of this event will be taught how to make their own figurines, foods, and street scenes out of color dough and pose their work in a vintage setting which speaks of the old Wanhua.  The activities are free but online pre-registration is required. For more information, please contact Ms. Jian at 02-23064468, ext. 201, or visit: http://whdo.gov.taipei (Chinese). 
As a continued effort in fostering innovation and facilitating exchanges with international startups, the Department of Economic Development (DED) organized the 2018 Global Startup Talents @ Taipei, a program targeted at international teams.  This years program attracted a total of 112 teams from 25 countries. Submissions span a wide range of industrial focuses, from information and communications technology (ICT), internet of things (IoT), Biotechnology (Bio), artificial intelligence (AI), augmented reality/ virtual reality (AR/VR), consumer internet (CI) to deep tech.  The panel reviewed entries based on their respective potentials such as level of innovation, marketability, team profile, possible business model, and possible relevance with the citys industries.  Originally set to award 20 teams, the high level of achievement demonstrated by the participating entries led to an additional 12 teams being included to the list of winners (See the list below for details).  According to DED, the winners will visit Taipei in early June and stay for at least ten days. They will have a chance to meet with local teams for more in-depth exchanges, work in incubation centers or co-working spaces alike, and demonstrate their expertise.   2018 Global Startup Talents @ Taipei Winners   No. Team Name Nation Category          360Stories USA VR/AR        ABIVIN Vietnam AI        AID:Tech Ireland IoT        Bloo vision Netherlands Bio        Crayonic Netherlands ICT        Dealavo Poland ICT        Deep Health* Israel Bio        Efa Israel Bio        FreshStrips Netherlands Deep Tech        Gate Production* Estonia ICT        Hakken Enterprise Mexico Bio        Ino-on* South Korea IoT        justInCase Japan ICT        Keezel Netherlands IoT        KILO* Lithuania ICT        Laboratik* Japan AI        Modar AI USA AI        Minimo.Tech* Malaysia ICT        Neuromersiv Australia VR/AR        Overture Belgium AI        OurHub* Netherlands ICT        Pison Contents USA ICT        QuantumViz USA VR/AR        Skills.Surf Lithuania ICT        SpaceDraft Australia VR/AR        Studio 1 Labs Canada Bio        Senskin* Moroco Bio        Symaps.io* France AI        Teggnet* UK ICT        Trabble* Singapore AI        uCrowds Netherlands AI        WellParko* Lithuania AI    Notes:   Winners are listed in an alphabetical order. Those with a star sign (*) are the additional 12 teams who will receive partial subsidies.    
From now on, all of 117 MRT stations and 219 trains offer free WiFi access! In addition, the service is also available at MRTs subordinate facilities, including Maokong Gondola stations, Taipei Children's Amusement Park, Taipei Arena, Zhongshan Metro Mall, East Metro Mall, and Beitou Resort.  To connect to the wireless network, enable WiFi on your device, and click on .TPE-Free AD WiFi if you are inside a MRT station. Alternatively, click on .TPE-Free AD WiFi-Car if you are on the MRT train.  No account or password is required for the connection. Users of the free WiFi access can enjoy 30 minutes online per entry. There is no limit to the number of times you can connect to the service.  The public wireless network is installed and maintained by Full Lin Industrial Free AD WiFi. For any connection problems, please dial the companys 24-hour service hotline: 0809-090-588 (toll-free for call made from landline within the city) or 02-7709-7073. Users may also visit Free AD WiFi Facebook fan page for assistance.  For more information, please call TRTCs 24-hour customers hotline (02-218-12345) or visit its Chinese website (https://www.metro.taipei/). For callers in Taipei City, please dial 1999 Citizens Hotline. For those outside Taipei City, please dial (02) 2720-8889.
On May 21, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the beam raising ceremony at Huan Nan Market to celebrate the start of a new renovation phase on the establishment which has been in use since 1978.  During his address, the mayor expressed gratitude to Public Works Department and Department of Economic Development for their joint efforts along the way. After completion, the complex will have six levels above ground and two below, with a total floor area of 155,346 square meters.  Basement levels will be used as parking garage while the first and second levels will be used by the market, and third to sixth levels are for office spaces and parking. Flexible space unitization will be adopted, said the mayor.  Noting that high standards are being set for the markets renovation project, Ko said the building will be both green and intelligent. The first construction phase is slated for completion by August 2019, followed by second phase which is expected to complete by February 2022. The entire project is scheduled for completion by March 2022. While admitting he would be pleased to see the work to be completed ahead of schedule, mayor Ko stressed that safe work practices remain the priority.  Huan Nan Market is an impartment food hub in Taipei City. The renovation project aims not only to improve health and safety conditions within the market and provide good visitor experience, but bring in new concepts of management as well.
On May 25, Animal Protection Office (APO) will join Taiwan Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and Asia Environmental Protection Association to host a dog adoption event at Taipei Animal Shelter.  The event is intended to help 16 Shiba Inu dogs which were rescued from an illegal puppy mill earlier this month find a loving home. All of the dogs, grow-ups and puppies, have received check-ups, initial vaccinations, de-worming, and spay/neuter services.  See the following for event details and adoption policies:  Applicants must be 20 years of age or older and arrive prepared with the original and copy of the ID card. Applicants should bring their own dog carrier, collar, and leash. Each household can only apply to adopt one dog. Only three applications are accepted for each dog. Applicants will be interviewed one by one in an order determined by a draw. A total of 48 number tickets will be distributed, with further applications being placed on wait list. At 9 AM, application forms and number tickets will be distributed at the shelter. At 9:20 AM, applicants with the number tickets may be allowed to meet and interact with the adoptable dogs. Application forms must be submitted no later than 10:20 AM. Interviews will start at 10:20 AM. Successful applicants will be announced and complete the adoption procedures on site. Application forms are reviewed to determine the eligibility of applicants. Factors such as animal welfare and responsible ownership will be considered to determine the appropriate adopter. Animal Protection Office has the final authority to adoption of the dogs at issue. Filling out the application form does not guarantee the approval of application. Applicants with a record of poor compliance with Animal Protection Act or pet abandonment will be denied for interview. No pets are allowed at the event.   APO calls for the public to help safeguard animal welfare and report any suspicious animal breeders and sellers to authorities. Follow-up visits will be performed to make sure the dogs are well taken after in their new homes.  Address of Taipei Animal Shelter: No. 852, Tanmei Street, Neihu District
The 2018 Hydrangeas Flower Festival will kick off on May 19 and last through June 24. The event organizers remind visitors that traffic control measures will be implemented for Zhuzihu area on weekends and holidays during the period. The measures targeting passenger cars and trucks will be in place from 9 AM to 6 PM.  Control measures include a one-way, clockwise travel direction for the route spanning Hutian Bridge, Calla Lily Boulevard, and the forked intersection heading to Zhongzheng Mountain. Two-way traffic is permitted from Hutian Bridge eastward to Dinghu. Single-direction allowed for Dinghu section, but drivers may not make U-turns here. Vehicles may depart the area taking the newly-constructed Shiban Road to Yangjin Highway.  Traffic restrictions will also be imposed on Yangde Boulevard: The uphill traffic restrictions begin at the intersection with Zhicheng Road between 8 AM and 3 PM. The downhill traffic restrictions start at intersection of Yangming Road and Zhongheng Street, as well as intersection of Gezhi Road and Kaoxuan Road, between 2 PM and 6 PM. The restrictions affect only private automobiles without passes.  Depending on weather and actual traffic conditions, local police authorities will impose flexible traffic control measures at Zhuzihu and on other sections of Yangde Boulevard.  Due to limited parking space availability on Yangmingshan, those planning visits are encouraged to take public transportation for their trip. Visitors can take bus at MRT Taipei Station, Jiantan Station, Shilin Station, Shipai Station, and Beitou Stations. Visit http://5284.taipei.gov.tw/ for bus information. Drivers who head to the affected areas are advised to keep informed of real-time traffic updates by tuning in Police Broadcasting Service radio or plan a detour ahead of time.
As summer heat starts to intensify, ice skating makes for a great way to beat the hot weather. Through June 15, Taipei Area Ice Land is offering great deals for group skaters of four.  The establishments spring specials will also be extend to the end of June. See below for details:  Weekday specials for group of four:  Available through June 15, excluding public holidays Price: NT$1,200 The price covers tickets to a two-hour skating session, skates and protective gear hire, four free pairs of gloves, plus two sets of limited edition pencils.   Weekday group admission:  Available through June 29, excluding public holidays Group reservations of 20 or more can enjoy free admission for two.   Weekend and holiday specials:  Available through June 30 NT$ 370 for standard admission NTD 270 for children between 7 and 12 years old and NTD 170 for children under 6 Includes a ticket to a two-hour session, as well as skates and gear rental.   For more information, call at Taipei Rapid Transit Corporations (TRTC) 24-hour line at (02) 2181-2345. For callers in Taipei City, dial 1999 for Taipei City Citizen Hotline. For those outside Taipei City, please dial (02) 2720-8889.  You can also check Taipei Arenas Chinese website (http://www.arena.taipei/) or visit the website of TRTC (https://www.metro.taipei/). 
With more than forty thousand Indonesian migrant workers in the city and a significant number practicing Islam, the Department of Labor (DOL) reminds employers who work with Muslim employees to accommodate the fasting and prayer rituals conducted during Ramadan.  The holy month of Ramadan began on May 15. The occasion marks a one-month-long observance involving fasting and religious reflection among Muslims. During Ramadan, food and even water are prohibited between dawn and dusk. This is intended to remind the faithful to count their blessings, refrain from human urges, and learn to share while feeling for the less fortunate.  DOL Commissioner Lai Hsiang-lin stressed that Ramadan is an important event for the Muslim community. She added that family and religion are sources of support for migrant workers who seek livelihood away from home. In light of this, Lai reminds the public to show tolerance for other peoples religious beliefs.  Ramadan concludes with the festival of Eid al-Fitr, an occasion celebrated with prayers and donning of new clothes to mark a spiritual renewal.  The Foreign and Disabled Labor Office will join the Department of Information and Tourism to host a celebration highlighting the Islamic culture. The event is slated to start at 10 AM on June 17 at Daan Forest Park. The agencies invite all members of the public to partake in the event and explore the exotic culture of Islam. 
During his report to city councilors on May 16, Mayor Ko Wen-je pointed out that the kindergarten tuition waiver will be further extended to cover three-year-olds. Starting September 2018, all three year olds who are domiciled in the city and enrolled in private kindergartens are eligible for the NT$13,660 subsidy per school semester. This extension will lead to a spending increase of NT$132 million.  Ko said the ideal ratio of public (public and non-profit) to private kindergartens is seven to three. However, with the number of non-profit kindergartens still falling short, the ratio is currently set at four to six. This forces many parents to send their children to private kindergartens, whose tuitions are far more expensive than public ones. The mayor admitted that its highly unlikely to achieve the ideal ratio of schools in the short term, adding that the tuition waiver may help take load off the parents.  Speaking of the promotion of publicized gardens, the mayor noted that the city aims to add 48 classes to non-profit kindergartens  thereby offering 1270 openings for sign-up and 34 class in public kindergartens for 510 two-year-olds exclusively. With the nations birthrate on the decline, elementary schools no longer need as much space and the unused space may be reallocated as nursery and kindergarten spaces. The ideal practice is that one spends his or her first twelve years enrolling at the nursery, kindergarten, and elementary school on the same campus, said the mayor.  While managing a class comprising of pupils spanning two to five-year-olds is challenging, the provision of two-year-old exclusive classes is also being planned. On the issue of whether two-year-olds should be included in the waiver program, Ko commented that society and professional communities have yet to agree on the need of having two-year-olds go to kindergartens. It is premature to address this issue. 
The Center for Prevention of Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault (CPDVSA) has worked in conjunction with Taiwan Tongzhi (LGBT) Hotline Association to roll out a training program to empower frontline workers of LGBT domestic abuse service with enhanced job proficiencies.  Consisting of beginner and advanced-level courses, the program covers a wide range of topics: introduction to sexual diversity, factors and types of domestic abuse in LGBT relationships, the target receivers of gender diversity service, and the creation of LGBT-friendly counselling rooms. Classes consist of lectures, role-play activities, and small-group practices.  A total of 148 members from departments such as social work, police, and nursing care have completed the training on May 11, 2018. Each graduate received a rainbow ribbon pin badge showing the possession of LGBT inclusion awareness and professional knowledge in that regard.  According to CPDVSA Director Chen Sue-chuan, the design of the badge incorporates purple ribbon (representing domestic violence awareness) and the rainbow flag (the symbol of LGBT movement). The badge will serve as an identification mark for the citys workers of domestic violence services.  Some participants who have completed the training lauded the courses for helping them clear up uncertainties and overcome stereotypes.  According to CPDVSA statistics, there were 75 LGBT-related domestic violence incidents reported in 2017, compared with 38 and 27 in 2016 and 2015 respectively. The agency pointed out that many victims are still afraid about reporting violence due to fears of their sexual orientation being made public and facing possible discrimination by authorities. Therefore, it is important to create a supportive environment for LGBT individuals seeking help and ensure that all people, regardless of sexual inclination and age, are protected. 
On May 19, Taipei City Government will join Chi Sing Eco-Conservation Foundation in holding an event highlighting bio conservation at Xinyi Plaza No. 21.  Coinciding with the International Day for Biological Diversity which falls on May 22, the theme of the event is diet and bio diversity and will feature stands operated by small-scale farms, organic tea growers, and representatives from many other fields.  Visitors will have a chance to explore the lives and habitats of different species and discover the impacts of ones food choices upon both humans life and the environment. For example, by choosing to eat non-toxic, pesticide-free foods, humans can help retain bio diversity in food supply network, thereby strengthening the sustainability of our environment.  At the press conference on May 16, the Butterfly Conservation Society presented delicacies prepared with indigenous cinnamon and aromatic litsea (known as maqaw by Atayal aborigines). Both are food sources for butterflies. Indonesian and Vietnamese immigrants introduced Southeastern Asian dishes flavored with familiar ingredients such as pandan leaf and turmeric, adding that such plants also provide food sources and habitat for other species.  City Government invites members of the public to stop by the venue and explore how eating can contribute to sustainability. 
During his report to city councilors on May 14, Mayor Ko Wen-je covered three major topics including the updates of Taipei Dome project, the unlawful conversion of commercial property to residential property in Dawan north section, and urban renewal as well as reconstruction of old, unsafe buildings.  Regarding public concern over the partial resumption of Taipei Dome construction, the mayor pointed out that the partial lift on suspension was the decision of Taipei High Administrative Court. Far Glory Group may resume work to address critical issues pertaining building integrity ahead of typhoon season. Ko stressed that safety is always the top priority, adding that the city government will fulfill its role as both supervisor and defender of public safety.  When speaking about the dispute over the questionable land use in Dawan north section, Ko commented that the problem is the result of social changes, lax law enforcement, flawed management system, and the private sectors incompliance with law. He said the city government has adopted five approaches to address the issue:  Enhance the commercial functions of the precinct Continue enforcement against unlawful use of properties Review urban planning and adopt more flexible and practical mechanisms Host discussion sessions to pool opinions from related parties Improve communications among government agencies   On the issue of urban renewal, the mayor stressed the importance of the private sectors input and the city governments supportive stance.  In addition to urban renewal, the city government also offers subsidies in elevator installations, building makeover and facelift, as well as old building inspections. According to Ko, more than 90,000 old buildings in the city are 30 years or older and most of them are susceptible to damage in earthquakes, posing threat to peoples lives and properties. He said the city government will step up working on regulations on old building management. 
On May 11, the Department of Labor (DOL) dispatched inspectors to Chunghwa Telecom and its contractor Honghwa International to verify if any regulatory violations had occurred. The telecom giant recently introduced a NT$499 flat-rate package, garnering long queues outside of its stores across the nation.  The inspectors reviewed random attendance records for the month of May and found that many employees had worked 12 consecutive hours or more on a workday, which violates Article 32, Paragraph 2 of Labor Standards Act.  Factoring in the evidence, impact scale, and both companies failure to make improvement, DOL ruled on imposing fines of NT$1 million on both companies respectively.  According to DOL Commissioner Lai Hsiang-lin, overtime is likely prevalent at all Chunghwa stores across the city due to the increased workload resulting from the popular deal. Records show that some employees even have worked from 11 AM to 4 AM or 6 AM on the next day, said Lai.  By law, employees are not allowed to work for 12 hours straight on workdays. Considering the business failure to manage the workload, pre-arrange staff assignment appropriately, and devise preventive measures, DOL does not rule out the possibility of conducting further inspections.
On May 12, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited Taipei Energy Hill at Fudekeng Environmental Restoration Park for an event highlighting low carbon emissions and green energy.  During his address, the mayor remarked that the former landfill site, now houses a solar power plant. Since its commencement in January 2017, the facility has generated two million kWh of electricity, achieving its annual power output goal ahead of schedule.  Following the success of the Fedekeng Energy Hill, Taipei will soon roll out a similar project dubbed Taipei Energy Hill Phase Two in Shanzhuku by end of the year. The aim of the plan is to generate one million kWh on an annual basis.  According to Ko, both power plants are operated by private entities on lots owned by the government. With the equivalent of 10% of the power generated as the rent, the more electricity generated, the more rent the city government will receive.  Noting that the degree of a citys eco-friendliness reflects the level of its civilization, mayor Ko pointed out that carbon emission reduction and green energy are among the values he has adhered to. The city will keep moving towards a sustainable future, said the mayor.  He also tried making stir-fried egg on a solar cooker.  In addition to being a home to the solar power plant, Fudekeng Environmental Restoration Park also boasts a facility that generates electricity from swamp gas recycled from the previous landfill. The Department of Environmental Protection plans to transform the park into the islands first model park dedicated to environmental education and eco-friendliness. 
Each year, the city government chooses a day in mid-May to host events to raise awareness on the issue of child safety. This year, the event falls on May 12, featuring a series of activities taking place at Taipei Expo Park. It is organized by Jing Chuan Child Safety Foundation and Fuan Center, with help from the Department of Social Welfare (DSW).  In April, Jing Chuan Child Safety Foundation conducted a questionnaire survey targeting elementary and junior high school students and parents on childrens self-protection awareness. The survey finds that on the issue of online interaction safety, while all children and teens respondents agree about not meeting a stranger online, nearly 50% of them indicated that they had met with their online friends.  On the issue of safe boundaries involving physical contact by someone known to them (family friends), 97.6% of the children and teens said they should not tolerate transgressions. Yet, 27.7% admitted that they did not speak up if encountering such event, while 1.2% of the parents responded that such contact should be tolerated.  The survey also indicated that children learn safety skills at schools and from family members, while less than 20% of the parents educate children on safety  about 10% never discussed this topic with their children. The foundation advised that parents should talk with their kids and teach them on how to stay safe.  According to Jing Chuan Child Safety Foundation, incidents involving personal safety constituted the largest share of news involving children victims in 2017. In most cases, the aggressors are people known to the children. Hence, acquaintances, such as family friends or online friends, can sometimes be the most likely offenders. The foundation also advised parents to be aware of their childrens online behavior to protect them from potential harms.  DSW reminds that child neglect can result in harm for children and that parents should be responsible in empowering children with safety skills.
Taipei Double-Decker Sightseeing Bus is offering a special Mothers Day deal to pay tribute to moms. Starting Mothers Day (May 13) through May 31, individuals who purchase a ticket (either standard or reduced ticket) may board with his or her mother for free.  The offer is only available for R.O.C. nationals and does not apply to single-trip ticket purchases. The offer cannot be combined with other promotions and special offers. Passengers are also required to present ID documents when making the purchase.  The double-decker bus runs along two set lines (Red and Blue), taking visitors to explore Taipeis cityscape from a higher point of view. Both lines depart at Taipei Railway Station and travel pass North Gate, Ximen, and East Gate. The Red Line will head for Taipei 101 while the Blue Line continues to the National Palace Museum.  The Red Line operates between 9:10 AM and 8 PM with a bus every 30 to 40 minutes. The Blue Line runs from 9:40 AM to 4:40 PM at intervals of 20 to 40 minutes. Free WIFI connection, charging facilities, and audio guide are available on the bus.  Take mom out for a free ride on the Taipei double-decker bus and explore some of the capitals top tourist attractions! For more information, visit the double-decker buss official website www.taipeisightseeing.com.tw or dial 02-8791-6557 ext. 6006.  
As Taipei ushers in early summer, the suburban part of the city is offering a picturesque landscape. At the Neishuangxi Nature Center, angel flowers (Angelonia) and love flowers (Agapanthus africanus) are in full bloom, adding a refreshing touch to the surrounding with their soft colors.  According to the Geotechnical Engineering Office of Public Works Department, Agapanthus africanus, commonly referred to as lily with hundred seeds by locals, is a perennial flower. The name agapanthus (flower of love) derives from the Greek word for loveagape, and anthos, meaning flower. The agency invites the public to come and enjoy the extravaganza Mother Nature has to offer.  Starting May 12 and lasting for three consecutive weekends, the center will be open to visitors between 9 AM and 4 PM. No preregistration for entry is required during this period. Guided tours around the center will be available free of charge. Visitors will also have a chance to see medicinal herb and aromatic plants at the center.   Address of Neishuangxi Nature Center: No.27, Lane 150, Section. 3, Zhishan Road., Shilin District, Taipei City  Directions: By bus:  Take City Minibus No. 1 (bound for Feng Gui Zui) at MRT Jiantan Station and get off at Neishuangxi Nature Center stop. Take Capital Bus No. 18 (bound for Shengren Waterfall) at MRT Jiantan Station, get off at Bixi Bridge stop, and follow the signs to the entrance of the center.  By car: Take Section 3, Zhishan Road. Take Bixi Industrial Road uphill to reach the center. While parking is available at the center, only a limited number of parking spaces are available. For visitors convenience and for eco-friendliness, visitors are advised to take public transportation.   
With Mothers Day just a few days away, Mayor Ko Wen-je joined internet celebrity Show-on at a press conference highlighting the launch of the Citys temporary babysitting service on May 10.  During his address, Ko wished all mothers a happy Mothers Day, noting that modern-day moms often have to struggle for a balance between work and family. To help relieve the burden, the city has offered child care and babysitting service in womens centers and parent-child centers across the citys twelve districts.  The new babysitting service is available for temporary needs at designated locations. Parents and caregivers of children ages between six months and six years old may apply for the service by phone call. Take the Wenshan location for example. The service is available from 9 AM to 5 PM, Monday to Friday and a maximum of four children will be taken at a time. To ensure safety of the kids, the venue is designed to accommodate needs and meet code requirements.  According to the mayor, the service is implemented on a trial basis. The results will be reviewed to determine if the scale of operations should be expanded. Before the completion of a dedicated website slated for the end of 2018, applicants will need to call to make appointments, said the mayor.  Among the citys various resources of childcare, a babysitter matchmaking platform has been created to help certified babysitters land jobs and assist parents in seeking reliable caretakers for their kids.
In light of recent reports taxi drivers adopting fare bargaining practices around Ximending, Public Transportation Office (PTO) pointed out that the charge for taxi rides should be identical to the amount displayed on the taximeter, in accordance with Article 91, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 2 of Regulations for Automobile Transportation Operators.  Drivers violating the regulation may face fines between NT$9,000 and NT$90,000 according to Article 77, Subparagraph 1 of the Highway Act, warned PTO. The agency said it will step up efforts to clamp down on taxi drivers who do not charge according to the fare shown on the taximeter. It has also requested the Taxi Cab Union to pass on the word.  Should individuals encounter taxi drivers who violate the regulation, they can refuse to take the vehicle and report the case to PTO by calling the 1999 Citizen Hotline. The caller should cite information such as the cabs registration plate number, name of the driver, as well as boarding time and location.  To hire a taxi by phone (for seniors and those with special needs), please call 0800-055-850 (free from within the city) or 55850.  For wheelchair accessible minibus service, please dial 02-40556789 or visit http://40556789.taipei.gov.tw/ (Chinese).
Maokong Gondola and Gozaisho Ropeway entered an agreement of friendship, joining hands to promote their respective services across borders.  From today onwards, Maokong Gondola passengers can acquire Gozaisho Ropeway pamphlets at Maokong Gondola stations. Individuals can enjoy 30% discount on Gozaisho Ropeway when presenting the pamphlet before the ride.  Accordingly, Maokong Gondola pamphlets will be available at Gozaisho Ropeway stations from May 29 onwards, allowing holders of the pamphlet to save NT$50 for a ride when they visit the Maokong Gondola.  Maokong Gondola rolled out Taiwans first aerial lift crystal cabin in 2000. The crystal cabin offers a panoramic view of the Maokong area and is well-known among Japanese tourists.  Gozaisho Ropeway operates in Mount Gozaisho in Komono, Mie Prefecture, which is also home to Suzuka Quasi-National Park. As seasons change, visitors to the area are greeted with shifting colors depending on the times of the year. Gozaisho Ropeway plans to roll out new cabins with a glass floor window to enhance rider experience.  Maokong Gondola is closed to the public for annual maintenance during May 15-28 and will reopen on May 29. Gozaisho Ropeway service will be suspended from June 1 to July 10 for maintenance the facility will reopen on July 11.  For more information, please call TRTCs 24-hour customers hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline. Details are also available on the companys Chinese website (https://english.metro.taipei/) and Maokong Gondolas Chinese website (https://english.gondola.taipei/).  
On May 8, a delegation of city officials led by Deputy Mayor Charles Lin visited the Japanese city of Fukuoka. They met with Mayor Soichiro Takashima and visited the citys star-up hub Fukuoka Growth Next.  The trip signals enhanced exchanges between the two cities following Mayor Takashimas visit to Taipei and the inking of an MOU between the two cities for entrepreneurial exchanges last year.  During the meet-up with Mayor Takashima, Deputy Mayor Lin shared Taipeis experiences in implementing smart city policies and invited Fukuoka to participate in the annual Smart City Summit & Expo. Lin also welcomed Fukuoka to join Taipei Citys GO SMART initiative, seeking to foster international exchanges and collaborations through Inter-City POC.  Assigned by the Japanese central government as one of the nations smart city forerunners, Fukuoka is making the move to become smarter with numerous projects in action. Mayor Takashima remarked that he expects to see more cooperation and exchanges between the two metropolises.  Taipei and Fukuoka share traits such as vibrant environments for entrepreneurship and government support for startups. In 2017, dignitaries from Fukuoka city led representatives from startups G.O.Partners and leciel, as well as incubation hotspot Startup Cafe Fukuoka to present at the StartUP@Taiepi event during the 2017 COMPUTEX Taipei-InnoVEX. Taiwanese startup Hope English and Dasanyuan restaurant successfully established beachheads in Fukuoka to access the local market. The second half of 2018 is expected to see some startups from Fukuoka set up operation in Taipei.  Lin believes that the signing of the MOU and subsequent exchanges will bring both cities to the next level with regards to entrepreneurship and innovation. 
On May 7, Mayor Ko Wen-je signed an MOU with the independent organization Greenpeace in an effort to promote sustainable marathons and reduce litter during such events.  With marathon running now in trend, numerous runs are held across Taiwan at every distance all year around. However, large-scale races often come with an environmental cost due to the amount of single-use plastics and disposable items consumed throughout the course of the events.  According to the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP), Taipei Marathon attracts around 27,000 runners from both Taiwan and abroad each year. If the event can be held in a greener way, it can help keep the city on the sustainable track. The agency pointed out that by signing the MOU, the city government and Greenpeace will work together to make Taipei Marathon the islands first running event to go green.  From this year onward, waste reduction approaches will be incorporated into all possible aspects of the run. For example, at the time of registration, participants can identify if they want to receive the event shirt. Runners can download information manual and completion certificates, rather than keeping hard copies. They are also encouraged to bring their own bottles or cups to reduce bottled water consumption.  Greenpeaces commitment to green and sustainable ways of living is in sync with the Citys vision of a livable and sustainable future. In signing the MOU, the city government and the organization will collaborate to promote waste and plastics minimization and to bring the idea of green living down to a level in which everyone can practice to help save the environment. 
Following the success of the Bravo pavilion during the 2018 Creative Expo, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) decided to reinstall the pavilion at Taipei City Hall for a short period of time starting May 8.  The pavilion is located in the lounge area on the first floor of the buildings north side. Three limited edition products were introduced to mark the opening of the facility. The agency remarked that a series of events have been planned to bring the public closer to the popular mascot.  At the opening ceremony, Bravo broke out from a box amid the cheering of children to mark the official opening of the pavilion. Through June 29, the pavilion will showcase the evolution and the future of Taipeis mascot, as well as BRAVO! BEAR Art Project, a partnership project with world renowned illustrator. The mascot bear may show up from time to time to surprise visitors.  The three Bravo limited edition products include a mug, a file folder, and a note paper. Shop while supplies last!  Follow Bravo on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/bravotaipei/  Bravo Pavilion Dates: May 8 to June 29 Hours: 9 AM to 5 PM, Monday to Friday (closed on national holidays and weekends) Location: lounge area on the first floor of City Halls north side  Bravo products are also available at the City Halls souvenir store on the first floor. Tel: 02-27208889#3391  
On May 6, Mayor Ko Wen-je presented a number of IT applications and e-sports related awards to winners, who are students from local elementary and middle school, at the Garena e-Sports Stadium.  During his address, Ko recalled that the city government has organized robot competitions since 2002. In 2017, he instructed the Department of Education to incorporate ITC-related knowledge into the curriculums of elementary, middle, and high schools to expose students to this area. That is why the competition has expanded in scale this year to include ICT applications.  The mayor remarked that building robots requires knowledge in different areas, including programming knowhow, mechanical control using ICT, and robotics. So, effectively, a robot is a microcosm of the precision engineering industry.  He hopes that by learning through games and related activities, the program will give birth to leaders in the new generation that are comparable to tech celebrities Bill Gates and Steve Jobs.  Citing the performance by dancing robots, he believes that events such as robot battles and robot soccer are sure to attract large number of viewers if they become a reality.  Regarding e-sports, the mayor pointed out that the genre is also a comprehensive industry by itself. He added that e-sports involve more aspects than what most people assume, including how to run venues, how to attract advertisements, and how to run the tournament. Statistics show that Taiwanese companies perform well in upstream aspects of the industry, but they still have room for improvement in downstream areas such as marketing and broadcasting/streaming.  In addition to presenting the awards, the mayor also watched a dance performance by robots and attended an e-sport exhibition match. He also dropped by the booth showcasing the projects of the young award winners. 
During his report to city councilors on May 7, Mayor Ko Wen-je covered three major topics including the possible impact of Shenao Power Plant, the public transit monthly pass policy implemented by both Taipei and New Taipei, and the management of Taipei Agricultural Products Marketing Corporation.  Regarding the issue of the public transit monthly plan All Pass Ticket, Ko pointed out that the monthly ticket prices at NT$1280 has been introduced as a way to encourage resident to make more use out of the Citys convenient public transportation system. He pointed out that the number of vehicles saw a significant rise, while the total number of surface roads remained more or less the same. He remarked that boosting the utilization rate of public transportation system is the only way to improve traffic conditions.  He pointed out that the city governments policy is to gather relevant information for the first three months following the release of All Pass. There are still details that need to be determined, such as whether to include the Airport MRT or statistics of Taiwan Railroad Administration for the railway section between Keelung and Shulin for the analysis.  The answers to questions such as how much budget should be allocated to the project and whether the program should be expanded will come in due time after related data has been acquired.  In response to city councilor questions on whether there might be a problem with subsidies, Ko noted that there are currently no problem with the funding related to All Pass. The annual subsidy for the monthly plan is estimated to be around NT$940 million  split between Taipei City (NT$560 million) and New Taipei City (NT$380 million). The collected data will indicate whether further adjustments will be required.  As of May 3, a total of 219,041 All Pass has been issued. Roughly 58-percent of the sales are reported by MRT stations in Taipei City, while 42-percent of the passes were issued in New Taipei City MRT stations.
The well-received recycling battery for rewards program has returned! Through May 31, residents who drop off their old batteries at the environmental education house in Shanshuilu Eco Park will receive prizes such as stainless steel chopsticks, drink carriers, and scrub sponges  The rewards will be based on the number of batteries recycled:   100 batteries for a pack of chopsticks 50 batteries for a drink carrier 10 batteries for a scrub sponge   According to the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP), batteries contain a number of heavy metals (e.g. cadmium, lithium, and nickel) and toxic substances which can lead to soil and groundwater contamination if not disposed of properly. The agency advises the public to keep old batteries in an empty container to avoid accidental leaking before taking them to the recycling truck or depot.  A former landfill site, the Shanshuilu Eco Park is a park covering an extensive area of 21 hectares. The environmental education house, unveiled in July 2017, showcases the history of the park and stages eco-themed exhibitions every month to foster environmental awareness.  Address of Shanshuilu Eco Park:  No. 37, Nanshen Road, Nangang Dist., Taipei City  Directions: By bus: Take No. 679 and get off at Fushan Temple (Shanshuilu Eco-Park) stop. By car: Take No. 3 National Highway north. Take Academia Sinica Exit and continue on Nansheng Road for 1.5 kilometers.  
On May 3, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended Taipei City Hospitals ceremony commemorating the International Nurses Day. He thanked nurses for their hard work and contribution to society and wished them a happy Nurses Day.  During his address, Ko remarked that although he no longer practices as a doctor since he took office, he remains informed about hospital work as City Hospital Superintendent Huang Sheng-Jean would show him the results of community-based medical services every 6 months. The wrap-ups have enhanced his belief that the city hospital network should continue working on a community basis.  Altogether there are ten major medical centers in Taipei and New Taipei cities. There are also numerous clinics. According to the mayor, the city hospital network should fill in the gap between large medical centers and clinics.  Recalling a case where a patient has never left his 10-ping home for 15 years since suffering a stroke, Ko stressed that although residents have convenient access to medical services, situations like the one cited require hospitals to reach out and provide needed assistance. He also believes that the city hospital should take up the task of combating substance abuse and drunken driving.  The mayor said that as a former practicing doctor, he could relate to work-related stress and risks experienced by members of the nursing profession. Their work is recognized and appreciated, said the mayor. 
The 2018 Taipei Tourism Expo is set to kick off on May 4 and will run through May 7.  This year, the city will be introducing a lineup of events for the upcoming summer, seasonal frozen desserts, and tourist routes boasting a variety of cultural and culinary destinations. Visitors will also have a chance to win a limited edition Bravo ice cream by posting a snapshot taken at the citys pavilion or sharing a picture of summertime in the city on their Instragram or Facebook page during the expo.  Taipei Double-Decker Bus joins Smoothie House to roll out a summer special package at the expo. Passengers who purchase a one-day double-decker pass will receive a voucher to redeem a free serving of the ice shops iconic mango shaved ice.  Another highlight at the citys pavilion is the showcase involving three most-talked-about frozen dessert stores. Jingimoo offers limited rose and lemon shaved ice for NT$180. Right Ice Cream will sell scooped ice cream at a vintage cart that is reminiscent of the past. Hsiang Liang Yuan will introduce two classic ice cream flavors: rose & lychee and Mucha Tieguanyin Tea for a special price of NT$90.  Soon-to-be-married couples who are considering a pre-wedding photography tour can find great deals at the expo, with wedding photography studios offering up to 25% discount on the packages.  Other activities at the citys pavilion during the expo include daily sessions of in-depth introduction to the citys culture and scenic spots, food critics sharing quick and easy meal recipes, and cooking activities centering on summer-specific delicacies.  
If you a graffiti enthusiast who is looking for a space to show your craft, then there is good news for you!  The Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) is opening up six riverbank park locations to street artists to exercise their creativity. However, political messages or vulgar expressions in the artwork will not be tolerated. The following are the chosen locations and directions to the respective legal graffiti walls:   Yinggeng Riverside Park: Enter the park by Keelung River Evacuation Gate No. 7 and walk for 500 meters in the Keelung River upstream direction. The wall surface is about 400 pings. Mei Tee Riverside Park: The wall is on the right side of the ramp next to the levee on Mingshui Road. The area is 236 pings. Bailing Right Bank Riverside Park: Take the bike lane of Yuanshan Riverside Bank through the entrance under Chungshan Bridge. The surface is about 145 pings. Fuhe Riverside Park: Enter Jingmei Evacuation Gate No. 2. The surface area of the wall is 108 pings. Jingmei Riverside Park: The culvert wall under Beixin Bridge, with a surface area of 60 pings. Chengmei Right Bank Riverside Park: Enter the park by Keelung River Evacuation Gate No. 13 and head in the direction of Chenggong Bridge. The wall surface measures 426 pings.   According to HEO, wall graffiti at the sites will be sanctioned from time to time and removed regularly on a four-month interval. The agency also reminds the public that spraying graffiti at places other than the permitted areas is illegal.  Individuals may face vandalism charges entailing fines of up to NT$6,000 and will be responsible for graffiti removal. 
According to statistics from TaiwanStay, the lodging industry saw new occupancy height in 2017 with 16,255,442 people checking into hotels across the city (+6.67% from 2016).  Despite the growth in hotel guests, hotel occupancy rate suffered a slight drop of 1.6% with the addition of more than 3,000 rooms following the opening of 45 new hotels in 2017. The figure suggests that supply is outpacing demand.  Regarding the decrease in the number of visitors at some tourist attractions, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) explained that it may be due to several reasons. One of the factors is the change in computation methods. Take Liberty Square for exampleonly those entering C.K.S. Hall would be counted. Longshan Temple no longer provides visitor statistics since June 2017. Other establishments, such as Beitou Hot Spring Museum and Red House, were closed to the public for renovations.  On the other hand, with the continued dominance of independent travels, the ratio of independent to packaged tourists rose 6.57%, from 63.23% in 2014 to 69.8% in 2017. There has also been a notable change in the popularity ranking of most visited attractions, with some of the popular sites seeing an increase in visitors.  According to TPEDOIT, 76.6% of passengers using the MRT Ximenting Station are there for sight-seeing purposes. Among them, 41.6% are international travelers. Passenger traffic at MRT Beimen Station also continues to grow due to the rising popularity of tourist attractions in the vicinity.  TPEDOIT said it will continue promoting new places of interest and improving tourism quality to accommodate changing tourism trends. 
In response to public concern over the air quality inside underground MRT stations, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) ensured compliance with Environmental Protection Administration (EPA) recommended standards for indoor air quality. The company assures the public that it is safe to travel on MRT.  Under EPA regulations, three indoor air quality parameterscarbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, and formaldehydehave to be monitored and kept under a safety limit at MRT stations. According to TRTC, measurements of the three key pollutants have been conducted and found to comply with set standards.  Although PM10 and PM2.5 concentrations are not required for monitoring at MRT stations, TRTC took the extra efforts to keep their levels down and conducted tests to keep them tracked. According to TRTC, MRT commuters exposure to PM2.5 is 21.9g/m3, lower than 22.1g/m3, the average traffic-related PM2.5 exposure in urban Taipei. The company encourages the public to travel more on the MRT, citing the higher risk from other means, including 32.1g/m3 PM2.5 exposure on motorcycles and 23.5g/m3 on buses.  On the issue of the temporary rise in the concentration of PM2.5 detected during the closing and opening of passenger car doors, TRTC noted the abrupt rise is due to the motion of passenger cars, adding that commuters exposure level to the pollutant is negligible.  TRTC stressed that it will continue to focus on improving air quality in the MRT network by consulting professional advice and international practices.  For more information, please call the 24-hour customer service hotline (02-218-12345) or visit its website https://www.metro.taipei/ (Chinese). For callers in Taipei City, dial 1999 for Taipei City Citizen Hotline. For those calling from outside Taipei City, please dial (02) 2720-8889. 
To celebrate Labor Day, facilities and places across the city offer specials and discounts for holders of the occupational safety card through the entire month of May.  The deals include free admissions to attractions including Taipei Zoo, Taipei Childrens Amusement Park, Shilin Official Residence, Miniatures Museum of Taiwan, and National Palace Museum. Other facilities, such as Taipei 101 Observatory and Miramar Ferris Wheel, offer discounted admissions and deals on selected foods and merchandise.  The Department of Labor (DOL) has offered a range of occupational health and safety trainings for workers in highly hazardous sectors and occupations to raise awareness of workplace safety and call for employers to commit to occupational health and safety. Up to this point, about 25,000 workers have completed trainings and received the occupational safety card.  At a press conference highlighting Labor Day deals on April 30, DOL signed an occupational safety partnership declaration with trade unions representing workers in construction, woodworking, plumbing, electrical, and refrigeration and air conditioning engineering industries. Deputy Mayor Chen Chin-jun presented certificates of gratitude to these unions and representatives from facilities that sign up for the deals program for the first time.  Citing the recent deadly factory fire in Taoyuan, DOL Commissioner Lai Hsiang-lin reiterated the importance of occupational safety training and said the Labor Inspection Office will step up workplace safety inspections targeting manufactures of potentially hazardous chemicals to ensure worker safety.  For detailed information on Labor Day deals, visit DOL Facebook fan page https://goo.gl/VndSro (Chinese). 
To help the public understand better and support employment of individuals with disabilities, mayor Ko Wen-je paid a visit to an A-Mart outlet on May 1. For nearly ten years, the supermarket chain has provided internship opportunities to students with impairments.  During the visit, Ko joined students on the Practical Skills Program of Song Shan High School of Commerce and Home Economics to sort and display fruits for sale and make bread.  The mayor recalled meeting a person with autism who complained vocational high school program for disabled students does not prepare students for the job market. Ko said he had instructed the Department of Education to review the effectiveness of career programs in schools.  He stressed that students can begin building hands-on experience through internship since grade 11, adding that school courses should be designed to meet needs of the workplace. Internships are good for students with disabilities in helping them connect what they learned in school to the real world, said the mayor. 
With the enterovirus peak season arriving in early summer, Taipei City government stepped up effort to check upon the preparedness of responsible hospitals since April.  On April 13, Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji presided over this years first municipality -level meeting. The organizers invited Director Sheng Wang-huei from National Taiwan University Hospitals Center of Infection Control to take part in discussions.  According to Sheng, infected parents who show few symptoms are often to blame for infections in young children. He urged parents and caregivers to wash hands at these times: after a hospital trip before touching children after using the restroom after wiping the nose, and before eating. One must properly wash hands with soap every time he or she comes back home and refrain from touching kids before changing clothes, Sheng noted.  As of April this year, no confirmed case of severe enterovirus complications has been reported in Taipei. According to statistics, the weekly numbers of enterovirus-related emergency department visits are 345, 284, 326, and 353 respectively during the period of 3/25 and 4/21. The figures indicate a stable trend compared to the same period last year.  DOH reminds the staff at daycare facilities and parents with children that young kids under the age of 5 are highly susceptible to severe enterovirus complications. The agency urged households with young children to take measures to prevent transmissions among siblings. These include disinfecting home with diluted bleach, keeping room ventilated, and regularly wiping and air-drying toys.  Symptoms of severe enterovirus complications may include myoclonic jerks, persistent vomiting, shortness of breath, and an increased heart rate. Enterovirus D68 could lead to severe symptoms including limb weakness and pneumonia. The agency reminds individuals with the aforementioned symptoms should seek medical care as soon as possible.  For more information, please visit the Chinese website of DOH (https://health.gov.taipei/) or call the DOH helpline at 02-2375-3782. 
On April 29, accompanied by the mascot bear Bravo, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the sports day event cohosted by the Department of Social Welfare (DOSW), the Parent-Child Centers, and the Parenting Resource Center.  This year marks the fourth anniversary of the annual event with activities including a baby crawling contest, a walking contest, and the three-legged game. A childrens theatre show promoted the idea of sharing and reuse of resources was staged as well. There was even a sticker machine for participants to make a keepsake photo with the Parent-Child Center mascot.  During his address, mayor Ko noted that in addition to 13 parent-child centers across the citys 12 districts, Taipei has the islands first baby-toddler goods swap center and is keen in providing community-based, child-friendly service to support families. He furthered that the swap center has upgraded their service by teaming up with the logistics industry.  Residents who wish to donate secondhand toys can schedule a pickup. Other efforts to encourage sharing and reuse of resources include the setup of donation drop-off locations and regular donation displays.  For more child-care related information, please visit the following Chinese websites: www.dosw.taipei.gov.tw (DOSW website) https://kids.taipei/ (Taipei City Childcare Resource Center website) https://parent-child.taipei/ (Parent-Child Center website) https://www.facebook.com/taipei.parent.child (Parent-Child Center Facebook page), or download TCG App at http://apps.taipei.gov.tw/. 
On April 26, mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening event of a forum highlighting transit-oriented development (TOD) strategies. He began by lauding the cleanliness of MRT trains and stations, as well as the unique culture the MRT system has created.  According to Ko, reviewing the MRT system in a hindsight, there are three flaws in its initial planning. The first flaw is the failure to comply with TOD standards, and the second being the failure to take advantage of the large passenger traffic at the stations. According to Ko, the MRT should lease out spaces as commercial properties as an additional sources of revenue to offset operating loss.  The third issue, given that construction cost a hefty NT$ 600 billion, the MRT system should have driven the development of Taiwans railway industry. It is too late now to discuss whether Taiwan should have constructed its own train cars. The discussion should have taken place twenty years ago, noted the mayor.  To rectify this trend, Ko noted that future city planning will have to incorporate TOD concepts. He noted that a guideline requiring each of Taipeis administrative districts to conduct a comprehensive review of urban design every five years has been ignored for over a decade.  He requested all of the twelve districts to review their respective urban planning this year in the TOD context for a better coordinated urban plan that involves the use of land and locations of public facilities.  The forum brought together officials from the central and the city governments in an effort to map out a TOD-based review principle. The City will continue pooling inputs from both the public and private sectors to lay the groundwork for the citys next twenty years. 
The Department of Economic Development (DOED) has teamed up with Internet retailers to help households improve their energy efficiency.  According to DOED Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh, a total of NT$ 250,000,000 has been committed to the energy-saving alliance rebate. The agency will continue inviting more vendors to sign up for the plan, offering more deals for energy efficient appliances to attract customers.  With the wet and hot summer seasons soon to arrive  which also signals peak demand for electricity, many people choose to turn on dehumidifiers to combat the daunting humility during this period. Since humidity can reach as high as 80-percent, how to keep the living quarters comfortable while preventing the electricity bill from breaking the purse becomes an important issue.  DOED suggested that residents who wish to purchase dehumidifiers before the rainy season should opt for models with the green energy label. Other considerations include the size of the room in question, the humidity level of the room, and whether one needs additional functions such as laundry drying and air purification. Regular maintenance and filter cleaning should be carried out accordingly to keep the appliances up and running.  Through April 30, consumers can save NT$1,000 max at PChomes special section for energy saving appliances and have a chance to redeem NT$500 for orders of NT$3,000 or more on the site. Yahoo stores offer a 10% discount on designated CSPF air conditioner models through June 30 orders of NT$5,000 or higher at designated sites can receive NT$500 off at checkout.
Taipei City Governments official Line account has upgraded its service by rolling out five areas of interest for subscription: childrens welfare, safety and health care, transportation, and leisure and entertainment. Subscribers can personalize push notification setting to stay informed of the citys policies and events.  The upgraded account offers a one-stop shop service that can be personalized to meet different user needs.  For example, information on daycare service and preschool education will be offered under the category of childrens welfare. Sports enthusiasts who wish to receive up-to-date information on sports events and activities taking place in the city may subscribe to alerts under leisure and entertainment. They can also access information on sports venue rental through subscription. The category of transportation provides useful traffic-related information, such as traffic control measures. Information on air quality and flood prevention are available under environmental protection and safety and health care respectively.  Department of Information Technology indicated that improvements to the personalized service will be made from time to time to enhance user experience. The agency invites the public to add Taipei City Government (https://www.travel.taipei/line/) to their LINE friends list in order to get the latest updates on events information and attractive deals. 
With Mothers Day just two weeks away, the Foreign and Disabled Labor Office (FDLO) has teamed up with Taipei City Hospital and Tzu Chi International Medical Association to offer medical consultation and health checkup for foreign worker mothers who leave their families behind for employment in Taiwan.  The event will take place in the afternoon of April 29 at the open area between West 1 Gate and North 3 Gate of Taipei Railway Station, with activities including a carnation giveaway, postcard writing, and free haircut service.  Visitors will be able to access free checkup in the following areas: ophthalmology, dermatology, dentistry, general medicine, obstetrics and gynecology, orthopedics, psychosomatic medicine, and Chinese medicine. There will also be fliers to educate migrant workers on health-related issues.  According to Department of Labor Commissioner Lai Hsiang-lin, to assist workers who dont use Chinese, there will be bilingual staff to help with communication. Free postcard will be offered to the foreign worker moms to write messages to their families and children back in their homelands. The postcards will be collected and mailed together by the FDLO.  For more information, please visit the Chinese page of FDLO (http://www.fd.gov.taipei) or call the agencys hotline (TEL: 2338-1600, ext. 4206). 
With the flood season around the corner, Mayor Ko Wen-je ordered an impromptu flood drill assessing the responsiveness of city agencies. The drill took place at 7 PM on April 24.  The scenario involves a stationary front looming over the city and causing strong convective cells which brought 400 mm of rain to three of the citys administrative districts, with possibility of even further downpour.  In response to the possible flooding, the Citys Disaster Prevention Office activated the emergency operation network and notified-related agencies to dispatch personnel to the Emergency Operations Center (EOC) within one hour for stationing.  The mayor pointed out that the impromptu drill is a way to test the response and mobilization capabilities of city government agencies in an event of heavy downpour which often comes violently and unexpectedly.  During the course of the exercise, Mayor Ko con-called and interacted with each disaster response center to keep informed about respective operations. After leaving EOC, he paid random visits to pump stations and inspected drainage-clearing operations on site.
Following the drowsy-driving-related crash on the national highway killing two police officers and one truck driver on April 23, Mayor Ko Wen-je instructed the Department of Labor (DOL) to step up workplace safety inspections targeting logistics, trucking, and bus industries.  DOL Commissioner Lai Hsiang-lin remarked that the Labor Inspection Office will implement a special inspection project to make sure requirements on safe driving practices are met.  According to Lai, the agency has called for all sectors to deal with overwork-related problems in logistics, freight transport, and the bus industries. Companies that employ truck or bus drivers are liable to prevent driver fatigue and comply with related requirements.  The inspections will focus on aspects listed below: (1) whether drivers are on duty for more than 12 hours at a stretch (2) whether drivers receive at least 11 hours free from work between shifts and (3) if drivers spend more than six consecutive days on duty.  Any violation and negligence on the part of either employers or drivers of these rules may result in drowsy driving, posing serious threats to the safety of drivers and the general public, Lai noted. 
In the morning of April 23, Taipei Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a wrap-up conference highlighting the citys efforts in creating a mother-tongue-friendly environment.  During his address, Ko pointed out that as we pursue globalization, it is equally important for us to express our identity and values that are characteristic of the local culture.  Citing the opinions of a cultural affairs official at NYC government, Ko reckoned that the best way to preserve a language lies in culture and religion. For example, the importance of commemorating the Yimin Festival of Hakka people has more to do with its religious and cultural contexts, rather than for preserving Hakka language. The mayor pointed out that native languages are tools which should be used to express the uniqueness and beauty of the culture they belong to.  The citys native language learning database boasts 446 educational videos for the learning of Taiwanese, Hakka and aboriginal languages. Game-based learning materials are also available online to make learning an exciting experience. In addition to teaching languages, students are also introduced to the culture of the respective group. Field trips are arranged for students to acquire first-hand experience on local culture.  The use of technology in teaching has transcended educational boundaries, noted the mayor. By uploading the courses online, students can learn anywhere, anytime. 
In response to media coverage about erroneous fund deduction on EasyCard linked to the All Pass Ticket, the Public Transportation Office (PTO) explained that it has requested bus companies to update their validators and charging system before the launch of the monthly pass.  The complaints about faulty charges on the monthly pass have been independent cases caused by card damage or abnormal setting, not of a general nature.  The agency reminds pass users who experienced faulty charges to contact staff members at the information booths at MRT stations for closer examination and possible repair. Users who report mistaken charges on their pass will be notified for refund.  According to PTO, it has requested bus service operators in both Taipei City and New Taipei City to investigate into the cause of such error. In the case of validator malfunctions, the bus companies will reimburse victims of the wrongful charges with the equivalence of NT$100 in value  in addition to the original amount.  
Great news for pet owners! The City will see its fifth off-leash dog space inaugurated in September.  The new facility will be located in Zhishan Park, providing a safe place for dog owners and their dogs to play together.  Currently there are four off-leash dog spaces in Taipei, including Yingfeng Dog Park, dog area in Huanshan Park, Wanxing Dog Area, and Tanmei Furkids Happy Park. Facilities are installed according to actual conditions and space planning of the respective sites. Amenities, parking, and restrooms are available at the venues.  The Animal Protection Office (APO) noted that future improvements will include shade structures and benches for a more enjoyable trip.  The agency indicated that the intention of designating a dog area in existing parks is to provide a fenced space to exercise for dog owners who live nearby, allowing them to play with their dogs off leash without interfering with other park visitors and traffic.  Turf care, removal of jagged rocks, and facility repair are conducted on a regular basis. APO reminds dog owners to take advantage of plank walkways and accessibility paths when they walk their fur kids in Tanmei Furkids Happy Park. Dog owners are also asked to watch their dogs at all times and help keep the facility safe and clean.  
On April 22, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the monthly assembly of Junior Chamber International Taiwan (JCI Taiwan) in the company of other officials from the City Government.  During the course of the event, city officials provided briefings on the workings and policies of their respective agencies and interacted with the members of JCI Taiwan during the symposium session. During his address, Mayor Ko stressed the importance of dialogue and took up the opportunity to keep people in the know about what the City is doing  Ko pointed out that the symposium was organized to allow JCI members and city officials to exchange ideas on entrepreneurship, employment, and quality of life. He noted that instead of focusing on closed-door efforts and one-way advertising, the government should engage in more dialogues with the residents. He cited a recent poll which  much to his surprise  found that more than half of the respondents aged 65 and over did not know their entitlement to a subsidy of NT$ 480 each month for taking public transportation and visiting city facilities. The government should make sure people know its policies even if it takes more time and effort, added the mayor.  The mayor remarked that since he took office, his team has spearheaded innovations, hoping to create a vibrant startup ecosystem to attract investments.  Ko indicated that in the interest of establishing long-lasting public policies, it is vital for the government to communicate and achieve an agreement with the people. His administration is planning for the coming twenty years, said the mayor. 
In a move to promote the provision and development of pet-friendly spaces, the Animal Protection Office (APO) launched an initiative to recruit non-pet-related establishments to join in on the efforts. The annual target is to recruit at least fifteen establishments or venues  restaurants, recreational facilities, public spaces, and transportation facilities.  As of April 19 2018, a total of 54 establishments have completed the review process. These include Family Mart, Second Floor Caf, HOLA, Taiwan Taxi, and Grand Hyatt Taipei. These facilities will allow customers to bring their furry companions with them, while some even offer dedicated pet menus and other pet services.  The agency published a list of establishments that welcome animals on its official website. Individuals who plan to bring their feline or canine friends may also visit Taipei Animal Friendly Space Facebook fan page for more information.  In addition to creating more pet-friendly spaces, APO offers courses designed to help responsible pet owners improve their knowledge on pet etiquette rules, care, and food preparation. Fourteen class sessions have been held over the past two years and are now available online. A total of 552 pet owners and 22 dogs have benefited from the courses, noted the agency.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je joined top-rank IT managers from industries to exchange ideas on the realization of a cashless city at a forum highlighting digital payment on April 19.  During his address, the mayor reiterated the key approach adopted by the citys new policies: from the inside and expand outward, beginning from the public sector and spreading the practice across all sectors. Ko noted that decision-making involves consideration of three elements: public opinion, professional input, and value. He said value is the most difficult part, since it requires much communication.  According to Ko, despite the relatively low number of cases involving counterfeit money and robberies and the ubiquity of ATM machines, the factors that make Taipei a safe and convenient city can become obstacles for policies seeking to raise public awareness on digital payment. He believes that finding ways to drive behavioral changes among the public will be the key to realizing a cashless society.  The mayor cited many of the citys existing measures that promote cashless payments and said that EasyCard is an import tool in the citys move toward a cashless society. He also admitted the inherence of risks in digital payment and stressed the importance of risk management and an honest attitude in identifying problems and making corrections.  The City will continue spearheading the shift to digital payment, seeking to implement cashless transaction to residents in shortest time possible, the mayor pledged.   
To commemorate the annual World Earth Day on April 22, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) has organized a series of events and activities.  The theme for 2018 Earth Day is End Plastic Pollution, calling upon people across the world to reduce single-use plastics, in the interesting of moving towards terminating plastic pollution.  According to the agency, a fair featuring plastic-free lifestyle will take place at Forty-Four South Village on April 21. From 1 PM through 7 PM, environmentally-conscious vendors will offer reusable merchandise for everyday use at their booths, spanning reusable food warps and pouches to biodegradable bamboo straws. Visitors can explore independent brands and local businesses/groups that have been long time advocates for environmental protection. DIY activities are available as well. Participants can craft their own beeswax wraps, Zentangle paper bag, and crotched drink carriers. No pre-registration is required for the DIY activities. DEP invites the public to stop by and enjoy the exhibition.  To raise awareness on campus to help create a plastic-free world, five seminars in colleges and universities are slated for May. The seminars will highlight the impact of plastic pollutants what actions can be taken to reduce plastics alternative solutions to plastic products, and the latest technology that serves to end use of plastics. All these events and activities are designed to promote public awareness and inspire changes, said DEP.  Taipei Zoo is also supporting the efforts on heightening environmental awareness. By working with the Bureau of Energy under the Ministry of Economic Affairs, Taipei Zoo will organize a fair on April 21 spotlighting green energy. The fair lives up to its theme by being solar-powered throughout!  From 8:30 AM through noon, zoo visitors can take part in fun games held at the entrance plaza and other locations of the facility. Participants who have collected four stamps are eligible for a gift and a raffle. Taipei Zoo invites family visitors to come and explore the green energy fair.
Following last years success, the Department of Transportation (DOT) has decided to prolong the Bike Commuters Day free coffee campaign to encourage the use of green transportation  especially bikes.  Individuals who ride a bicycle to the 15 designated locations across Taipei between 7:30 AM and 9:30 AM on Friday will be able to enjoy free a cup of coffee and snacks.  According to DOT, it has teamed up with the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to offer 35 reusable cups as free gifts at each stall. The agency reminded that single-use paper cups will no longer be available starting in May. Bikers have to bring their own cups to get the free coffee.   The coffee stalls will be set up at the following locations:  GongguanMRT Gongguan Station Exit 2, next to the YouBike station Minsheng Dunhua Intersectionsouthwest corner, next to the YouBike Station Taipei World Trade Center (Taipei 101), next to the YouBike Station National Taiwan Normal University Library, next to the YouBike Station MRT Jiantan Station Exit 2, next to the YouBike Station Songshan StationSongshan Road and Civil Boulevard Intersection, southeast corner, next to the YouBike Station MRT Taipower Station Exit 3 MRT Ximen Station Exit 3, next to the YouBike Station MRT Dongmen Station Exit 4, next to the YouBike Station Dunhua Keelung Intersection, next to the YouBike Station Songjiang Nanjing IntersectionMRT Songjiang Nanjing Station Exit 7, next to the YouBike station City Hall Songshou Intersection--southeast corner, near Taipei World Trade Center Hall 3 (next to the YouBike Station) Xinyi Fuxing IntersectionMRT Daan Station Exit 3, next to the YouBike Station Nanjing Jianguo Intersection, next to the YouBike Station Nanjing Sanmin IntersectionMRT Nanjing Sanmin Station Exit 1, next to the YouBike station  To learn more about the campaign, please visit the Facebook fan page: https://www.facebook.com/Grebic5/ (Chinese)
With Mothers Day fast approaching, Taipei Childrens Amusement Park is here to help you send your love to Mom and celebrate the occasion with fun and excitement!  From April 21 to 30, the facilitys Information Center will offer free postcards to sixth graders and younger kids, offering them a chance to write a message to mom. The postcards are available in limited quality and each child is eligible for one copy. The written postcards will be collected and mailed together by the facility.  During the entire month of May, moms who have received the postcards from the amusement park can redeem free single-ride tickets with this precious gift from their children. Each postcard can be exchanged for two tickets. Each ticket can be used to enjoy one free ride on any of the major attractions (No. 1 to No. 13).  Following the success of Cinnamoroll-themed coffee cup rides last year, a monorail train based on the beloved mascot Hummingmint is set to make a debut by end of April. Up through the end of December, this new Sanrio character and her amigos will take riders around the park for a glimpse of the facility from an elevated height.  Almost all surfaces of the monorail train are decorated with the images of this cute character and her friends. Party buntings hang in the compartments to add to the merry vibe. Taipei Childrens Amusement invites families to come and join in the fun!  For more information, please call the TRTC 24-hour customer service hotline (02-218-12345) or dial 1999 for Taipei City Citizen Hotline. For those outside Taipei City, please dial (02) 2720-8889. Information is also available on TRTC website https://www.metro.taipei/ (Chinese) and Taipei Childrens Amusement Park website http://www.tcap.taipei/ (Chinese).  
About 250 kilograms of amphetamine and 7,000 kilograms semi-finished product were seized during a joint police operation, making it the largest drug haul in Taiwanese history.  In a press conferencing highlighting the bust, Mayor Ko Wen-je thanked the police departments of Taipei City, New Taipei City and Pingtung County, as well as the Criminal Investigation Bureau for their close cooperation. He also expressed his gratitude to the district prosecutors offices of New Taipei City and Pingtung for their excellent coordination. He presented NT$100,000 in prize money to the police department as recognition of their work.  During his address, Ko said the war on drugs is on the citys agenda. Authorities that operate in Taipei to address substance abuse include the Drug Abuse Prevention Center, Drug Enforcement Center (under the supervision of Criminal Investigation Corps), and a specialized task squad under Taipei City Prosecutors Office, said the mayor.  He commented that drug abusers should be treated like patients. Both preventive and corrective actions would be required to combat drug addiction. He also believes that severe penalties should be implemented for producing and trafficking illicit drugs, noting that the amount of busted amphetamine would have devastating consequences if not seized.  The City has had a close working relationship with the prosecutors office and the medical care system, joining forces to crack down on drugs and address the harms caused by drugs. 
On April 16, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended at a press conference highlighting CTBC Financial Plazas ban on single-use and melamine dinnerware.  During his address, the mayor praised the enterprise for implementing environmental protection measures as their corporate responsibility, adding that the level of a citys eco-friendliness reflects the level of its civilization. He hopes to see more enterprise join in on the efforts to protect our environment.  According to the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP), there are around 5,000 employees in CTBC Financial Plaza. The ban will affect approximately 1,000 who dine at the cafeteria in the complex.  In addition to the ban, CTBC has replaced self-service dining with set meals to reduce food waste. The measure has reduced food scraps by a whopping three-fifth. Furthermore, waste is also turned into compost. These measures show that the enterprise is acting in an environmentally responsible way.  DEP indicated that CTBC Financial Plaza is a certified Diamond level structure in the Green Building Rating System due to its multiple eco-friendly designs. To apply the three Rs (reduce, reuse, and recycle), the number of waste bins in office spaces are minimized. Extensive green spaces and rooftop gardens are installed to help beautify the environment and counteract greenhouse gas emissions.  At the press conference, a certificate of gratitude was awarded to the enterprise in recognition for its contribution to environmental protection. 
On April 16, fashionBlock Taipei, a new addition to the citys startup ecosystem, officially opened at the Yuanshan Park Area of Taipei Expo Park.  The new facility is intended to help entrepreneurs to turn ideas into viable business and to fully develop their potentials through a series of activities. This design is aimed at boosting Taipeis cultural and creative industry, providing momentum for economic development, and increase the impact of Taipeis design soft power.  According to Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh of Department of Economic Development (DOED), fashionBlock Taipei is a business incubation center for startups in the field of garments and textiles. The facility provides a wide range of resources, spanning affordable working spaces, professional consulting, to networking. It can also help designers in applying for initial funds and government grants.  To encourage entrepreneurship and promote a vibrant startup ecosystem, DOED launched the incentive scheme in 2010. As of March 2018, the agency has received 2,827 applications since the inception of the program. A total of 60 review sessions have been held, with a total of NT$1,376,243,078 granted to 1,177 projects over the seven years. The results include NT$20.8 billion-plus investment from enterprises, an increase in output value of more than NT$ 127.5 billion, and 8,966 jobs! Among the approved applications, 44 are from garment, textile, and fashion industries, with a total grant of NT$52 million.  The citys incentive program not only helps startups in the early stages it also provides expertise in every stage of business development. To apply for grants and to learn more about the program, please call 1999 ext. 6625, 1428, or 1429. Information is also available on DOEDs website, StartUP@Taipei website and Facebook page, and Subsidies & Incentives for Taipei Industry website. 
On April 15, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a fair spotlighting the issue of food safety.  According to Ko, food safety has been a concern for the public and for the past three years, the city government has placed great emphasis on ensuring food safety through cross-departmental collaborations. The food safety fair presents the cumulative results of efforts over the past years, said the mayor.  He noted that the Food Safety Committee was set up under his administration to address food safety issues. Regarding the drafting of the Food Safety Self-governance Ordinance of Taipei, the city government also sought professional advice from experts in related fields spanning industry, toxicology, and public health.  For the past three years, 26 related polices have been approved and that the principle is making standards workable and implementing them step by step. The mayor believes that the key is the creation of practical and attainable standards. For example, food companies are required to report to competent authorities with 24 hours and recall problematic products within 48 hours after a problem has been identified meal box vendors and tea companies with a capital of NT$ 5 million or more should perform self-inspections on a routine basis.  The mayor stressed that ensuring food safety is not the sole responsibility of Department of Health, but rather, it is a shared responsibility among many agencies, including Department of Environmental Protection, Department of Education, and Market Administration Office. That is why a food safety officer is assigned to coordinate staff from different agencies. The close working relationship with Taipei District Prosecutors Office and Shi-Lin District Prosecutors Office is also vital in combating adulterated foods, added the mayor. 
"The 2018 Smart City Expo and Mayor Summit have reached a successful conclusion last week. A total of 120 city leaders from all over the world participated in a series of summits focused on the theme of Linking the power of industries and taking cities as experimental platforms. Taipei City Government initiated the ""Global Organization of Smart Cities (Go Smart)", gaining the support of city leaders from Europe and America, as well as the heads of major domestic enterprises. The parties will work together in the future to boost the development of smart cities around the globe. The Taipei Pavilion exhibited the solutions and services spanning smart traffic, smart public housing, smart ecological community, smart startup, smart medical care, smart education and smart security. Taipei's self-driving minibuses in the outdoor exhibition area became one of the highlights during the four-day expo, and successfully created Taipei as the new image of smart city.  Taipei City Government proposed the establishment of Global Organization of Smart Cities (Go Smart) at the mayor summit and scheduled the official founding of the organization during the 2019 Smart City Summit & Expo. Deputy Mayor Charles Lin stressed that the history and culture of each city is different from one another, so even though the smart technology can be replicated, but the experience of urban development requires in-depth exchange to optimize their models. Go Smart will establish an international-scale innovative application award through regular general assembly and cross-city Proof of Concept (POC) collaboration, linking the momentum of member cities and working together to facilitate global smart city cooperation. During the exhibition, 8 international bilateral city forums were held. A number of Taipei City Governmental agencies took part in talks with domestic enterprises and cities from France, Greece, Australia, Turkey and Poland to discuss various issues of smart cities. On behalf of the Taipei city government," Deputy Mayor Lin signed the Letter of Intent on ""Urban Technology Alliance"" with the Grenoble District of France", along with inking MOUs with Poznan, Wrocaw and Gdynia of Poland, which pushed the smart city developing experience of the Taipei to the international stage.  The Taipei Pavilion has attracted nearly 30,000 visitors during its four-day exhibition and successfully achieved the goals of promoting technological life and conveying the vision of Taipei smart city. The daily tours also attracted visitors to sign up. In particular," many simulation scenes on site allow visitors to actually experience the convenience of the application of science and technology. People saw Guang-chi Park as an example of the ""smart public housing"" and learned about the 3 smart meters (water", electricity, and gas meter) which was the most frequently-asked-questions on site. Many people have expressed that if the 3 smart meters become widely implemented, they hope to install them at home and begin their energy-saving life. In addition to the public housing models," the Feitsui Reservoir model was also displayed with the topic of ""Using new Internet of Things (IoT) technology to build the smart management System for the Feitsui Reservoir""", to instantly track the dynamics of vehicles and ships through positioning trackers, combining with physical and virtual electronic fences to control the access and ensure the safety of drinking water in the reservoir area and the Greater Taipei City.  In the smart security zone," the ""video 119"" APP exhibited by the Fire Department can locate the site of reports from callers", transmit video clips, and carry out video conversation to help improve the efficiency of crime prevention. Many visitors immediately downloaded the APP from cell phone after the introduction of this service. There is also a green transportation system displayed on the scene of the smart transportation zone, featuring various types of electric vehicles, charging equipment, smart parking, and smart stations. Visitors can experience the convenient lifestyle after they try out these solutions. In the smart education zone, we can see the implementation of a smart management system spanning access control system, smart class management, electronic curriculum inquiry, teacher and student attendance management, entrance swiping card management, campus news release, and attendance report to achieve efficient and intelligent application for campus management.  Taipei City Government, in the interest of building a testing field of smart city, not only introduces science and technology into the city, but also meets the needs of the people as well as encouraging citizens to participate in the practice of the smart City. The city government also seeks to export the successful experience to the world, building a smart industry supply chain and making Taipei the leading pioneer of the smart city.   Members of the Kuwait delegation demonstrate a high degree of interest in the construction of Taipei smart city as they listened to the tour guide.   The delegation of Asian University learned about innovative applications in Taipei and posed for a group photo at Taipeis booth.   Both the popularity of guided tours and participants hands-on experience at Taipei Pavilion has successfully conveyed the value and achievements of smart city construction of Taipei to the public.   The principle Chen chi-yuan of Hoping high school explained the campus smart management system.   Visitors shown the high interests to the model of public housing and raised questions to the staff.      pay.taipei Department of Information Technology FB Citizen digital free training FB Project Management Office FB Taipei smart city website              
From April 14 onwards, visitors at Taipei Railway Station will see printed station maps on the floors of several locations, as well as at the neighboring underground malls. The measure is implemented on a trial basis by the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) in collaboration with relevant administrative entities.  According to TPEDOIT Commissioner Chen Su-yu, Taipei Main Station is the busiest traffic hub in terms of passenger volume. With more than 70 entrances and exits, as well as multiple walkways in and around the complex, the facility is notorious for being a huge labyrinth when visitors try to find their way around  even with all the existing signage and floor plans.  The large map flooring, measuring 200 cm by 150 cm, is designed to help passengers identify their whereabouts within the complex. The trial will run for one month and the performance will be reviewed to determine if it should be continued. TPEDOIT encourages the public to give feedback on the maps effectiveness and will dispatch personnel to survey user experience.  Prior to the TPEDOITs trial, the Department of Transportation (DOT) had launched an indoor navigation app to help passengers find their way in Taipei Railway Station. It is available for downloads on both Android and iOS devices.  The navigation app provides more functions than navigation in and around Taipei Main Station. Other features include traffic information, smart parking, and shop directory, and smart signage (kiosk). Vibration and voice modes are also available. Users can even use the app to find the closest ticket office, bathroom, ATM, locker, accessibility service and many more! 
The status of the city as a foodie destination has been cemented with the awarding of 24 Michelin stars to 20 restaurants across Taipei!  To coincide with the inaugural publication of Michelin Guide Taipei, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) presents the special edition of Taipei Pictorial April 2018, featuring the 20 Michelin-starred establishments, six recommended tourist routes with gastronomic interests, and an in-depth coverage of the 36 Bib Gourmand restaurants. Not only that, readers can find inspirations in the stories of how some of these Michelin star chefs achieve high standards.  During his address, Deputy Mayor Chen Chin-jun remarked that readers can avail themselves of the useful information provided in this issue to go out and enjoy the charm of the city.  TPEDOIT Commissioner Chen Su-yu noted that Taipei Pictorial April 2018 is the Citys first publication that gives detailed introduction to the Michelin-recognized restaurants, with selection spanning affordable eateries to luxurious dining establishments. She invites the public to explore the scenic, culinary, and fun aspects of the city with this publication.  The free publication is available at MRT Stations, visitors information centers, Citizen Service Section on the first floor of Taipei City Hall, or at the 12 District Offices, Household Registration Offices, Health Centers, Taipei Public Library and its branches, and Taipei City Hospitals. The content can be downloaded from Taipei Travel Net (www.taipeitravel.net). For more information, please call TPEDOIT at 1999, ext. 7564 or 7570. 
Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) invites the public to sign up for water-themed guided tours to explore local river areas, wetlands, and water pumping station. The tours are packed with both outdoor and indoor activities.  Designed for people of all ages, the tours will take participants on visits to stream ecological systems round Dagouxi Ecology and Water-Control Park, Neigouxi Ecological Trail, Neihu Jinrui Park, and Shezi Wetland. They will acquire environmental knowledge and learn about the importance of water through a series of interactive activities.  Participants will have a rare opportunity to visit the water pumping facility to see how flood water is managed. Not only that, they can also experience the thrill of typhoon winds with a maximum hourly rainfall rate of 300 mm/hsafely, in a newly established storm simulation lab.  The tours are free of charge, though pre-registration is required for both group and non-group participants. Children must be at least 6 years of age and children between 6 to 15 years old must be accompanied by an adult.  Group tours are open for registration at http://gd-park.org.tw/apply/4977 (Chinese). Registration for non-group participants will be available by the end of May. Call (02)2858-7417 ext. 210-214 for more information.  
On April 12, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the grand opening of Greater Gangqian Park in Neihu District.  During his address, Ko noted that the park is infused with forward-looking concepts, such as garden city, permeable pavements, and inclusive playgrounds. He believes that parks are meant to be inviting and well-designed, stressing that his administration is willing to pay for good design to encourage the development of local design industry.  The new park sits at the former site of Taipei Flower Market and takes up an area of 2.5 hectares. Construction began in August 2017, taking only seven months to complete phase one of the construction spanning 1.8 hectares. Phase two involves the construction of an underground parking and amenities. The completion of the park brings the City a step closer to the realization of Neihu Science Park 2.0 project.  Deputy Mayor Charles Lin remarked that the Greater Gangqian Park is inspired by the idea of caring for both humans and environment, highlighting four aspects: general purposes, eco friendliness, sustainability education, and connection with local communities. It is a park where visitors  young and old  can relax and enjoy, said Lin.  The idea of less is more and stress reliever sets the tone of the park, minimizing the amount of artificial alternations and facility installation in the park. An extensive grassland covering a total area of 4,100 square meters allows visitors to enjoy space-out moments while gazing at the skyline.  The vegetation design is another feature of the park. Trees native to low-altitude areas in northern Taiwan are planted to create a self-sustaining environment in the interest of preservation and rich landscape. Visitors can enjoy sceneries spanning different colors through the seasons.  
On April 10, Mayor Ko Wen-je stood before the general assembly at Taipei City Council to deliver the State of the City address. Before he began, Ko presented flowers to the outgoing Council Speaker Wu Bi-chu as recognition for her 37 years of commitment to the city council.  The mayor began his address by citing a significant improvement in Taipeis air quality, with PM2.5 levels dropping from 19.6 to 15.3. He noted that the introduction of electric buses is one of the citys solutions to reduce air pollution, adding that the policy approach is to subsidize bus fares, instead of acquisition of bus fleets. The subsidy program is subjected to annual reviews to reflect the actual development of electric vehicle industry.  Regarding doubts over whether the introduction of the NT$ 1280 All-Pass would place a financial burden upon the City, Ko said actuarial analyses have been conducted and results show no financial risk with the support of other measures. As of April 7, 55,534 All-Passes were sold already, said the mayor, adding that the city government is observing how the program performs over three months.  During his presentation, the mayor remarked that it is better if MRT co-constructed buildings are station-mall complexes rather than co-existing with residential units. By leasing out spaces as commercial properties, the MRT can expand its sources of revenue beyond commuter service, said the mayor.  On the issue of cultural plans, Ko noted that five locations have been designated for urban eco museum projects, including Beitou, Dadaocheng, MRT Zhongshan Station Linear Park, Wanhua, and the southern Taipei area.  When speaking about inbound tourism, mayor Ko said while tourists from the mainland is on the decrease, the number of travelers from Southeastern Asia is trending up, showing stability in terms of headcount.  Regarding Inclusive playgrounds, he said that by end of the year, Taipei is expected to see a total of 36 parks with inclusive facilities. He also noted that the public sector should set aside budgets as a booster for developments in association with the designing industry.  When speaking of elderly care, he said the city government is trying to build a lasting and sound welfare system for the elderly and he admitted that there is still a long way to go.  At the end of his address, he stressed that Taipei will speed up the promotion of cash-free transactions and plans to implement digital payment in government agencies.
With the weather getting warmer, Daan Forest Park, Muzha Park, and Rongxing Garden are seeing fireflies dot the air at night. The firefly season will start on April 16 and run through May 6. The Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) has planned a series of activities for interested individuals, including an outdoor concert, outdoor movie screening, guided tours, and seminars.  Between PM 2:30-4:30 on April 29, a concert will take place at Daan Forest Park featuring old songs, campus folk songs, Taiwanese songs, and traditional folk music. At PM 5:30 on April 21 and 29, Light on Earth will be screened. Sir David Attenborough will guide the viewers to explore the earths light-producing life forms.  For those who are interested in learning about the conservation work for fireflies in Taipei, two seminars are must-attend events. Why We Are Protecting Glowworms is slated to start at 2:00 PM on April 21, presided over by firefly expert Wu Jia-xiong. On May 12, Mr. Wu will discuss the qualitative and quantitative methods used in biological studies. Two guided tours are available at Daan Forest Park on April 27 and May 4 respectively. Those interested should meet up at the performance stage at PM 6:40 to begin the tour.  Guided tours in Rongxing Garden start at PM 6:40 every Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday and PM 7:10 on Saturdays and Sundays. The meeting point for tours is located at the round platform behind the gardens stone wall.  For guided walking tours at Muzha Park available between PM 6:40 and 8:00, the meeting point is the stair entrance behind Muzha Swimming Pool.  Tour participants are advised to wear long pants and shirts with long sleeves. No flashlights are allowed during the tour and no flash when taking photos.  Seminars are offered free of charge with limited seating. To sign up for the 4/21 seminar, visit https://goo.gl/ZjHqgm (Chinese). To sign up for the 5/2 seminar, visit https://goo.gl/iVq4LA (Chinese) after AM 10:00, May 2. 
With English roses in full bloom, the Taipei Rose Garden invites the public to stop by and enjoy the sweet scents and beautiful flowers!  Taipei Rose Garden boasts more than 700 varieties of roses. The displays are divided into sections based on the variety and characteristics of the roses. According to Parks and Street Lights Office, English roses have adapted well to the weather and soil conditions of Taiwan.  Several varieties of English roses are cultivated in the English Rose Garden, including Golden Celebration, Wedgewood Rose, Comtesse de Provence, Othello, Spirit of Freedom, Tamora, and many more.  The administrative agency of the Yuanshan Park indicated that English roses hail from David Austin, characterized by its multilayered look and rich fragrance. While the roses adapt well in Taiwans warm and humid climate, the agency reminds visitors not to step onto the meadows to allow better soil drainage for the plants.  Facility Info: Taipei Rose Garden is located in Xinsheng Park Area of Taipei Expo Park. (Address: No. 135, Section 3, Xinsheng North Road)  Directions:  By MRT: Disembark at Yuanshan Station, follow the signs and walk past Taipei Expo Parks Yuanshan Park Area and Fine Arts Park Area. By bus:   Take 279, 285, 298, 606, 685, or R34 (available on holidays) and get off at Min Zu East Road stop. Take 285, R50, 665 (available on weekdays), 676, or minibus 9 (available on weekdays) and get off at Xinsheng Park. Take R34 (available on holidays) and get off at Lin An Tai Residence. Take 72, 74, 222, 286 (subline), 527, 642, 643, B16 (available on weekdays), or minibus 9 (available on weekdays) and get off at Xinshen Park or Lin An Tai Residence.   The closest YouBike dock is located near Lin An Tai Residence. 
In the morning of April 9, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a press conference highlighting ten job-specific video tutorials on Taipei CooC-Cloud website.  Taipei CooC-Cloud is an online education database developed by the Department of Education (DOE) and provides video tutorials for students in Taipei and the rest of the island. The ten workplace-specific videos feature a suite of technical skills taught in vocational schools, including dumpling preparation, hairdressing and beauty care, auto repair, and lifestyle and gardening. Not just instructional, these videos are promotional as well, showing the citys focus on vocational education.  During his address, the mayor stressed that the DOE has placed high priority on vocational education, adding that the idea of making vocational education great is like the Japanese culture of Tatsujin, which implies the commitment to ones own work. He encourages students on the vocational track to hone in their skills and aim high.  Ko furthered that with every worker mastering his skills of trade, together it can form a tremendous source for the nations strength. Delivering quality vocational education is one of the citys education goals, he noted.  Highlights of the press conference included the awarding of certificates of appreciation to ten teachers who had assisted in filming the video tutorials. The mayor even acted as a model for a haircut by a fashion-styling student from Dao Jiang High School of Nursing and Home Economics. He then tried altering a burr puzzle into a stool with students from Muzha Vocational High School and sampled dumplings prepared by students from Kai Ping Culinary School. 
Thank you for participating in the recent i-Voting campaign over the opening hours of the Taipei Zoo. The result of the one-month long online vote was just announced at the i-Voting website https://ivoting.taipei/ (Chinese) and the official website of the Taipei Zoo http://www.zoo.gov.taipei/ (Chinese.)  Among the 30,579 votes submitted, 30,058 (98.3%) were for Yes and 521 were for No, suggesting that a majority of the respondents agree that the zoo closes its doors to the public for a specified period every year.  According to Taipei Zoo, the adjusted opening hours will be implemented in 2019 in accordance with its maintenance work and schedules. The facility said this will help improve its maintenance management and the overall quality of the zoo, reducing disturbance to the animals and thereby improving their quality of life.  The vote over the opening hours of Taipei Zoo is the first survey proposed by a government agency at the i-Voting website after the launch of the new i-Voting system. After announcement, the proposal went through two review meetings, a two-month online discussion period, and documentary reviews before it was open to the public for voting.  According to Research, Development, and Evaluation Commission, the new i-Voting system is intended to encourage public to have their say over public-related issues and participate in the policy making process. The agency said it will continue optimizing the operation of the i-Voting website and voting system. 
On April 7, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited San Xiu Blacksmith Shop and Healing Herbar in Wanhua to experience the traditional craftsmanship and taste freshly brewed tea.  Wanhua, one of the earliest areas of development in Taipei, is a place full of historical interests. Traditional trades, such as blacksmithing, Buddhist implement making and selling, and herb selling, are still practiced in Wanhua and give a cultural character to the area.  To help retain traditions and attract tourists, the city government has assisted local businesses to make improvements in aspects such as interior design, space planning, and packaging makeover. Efforts have yielded results as the shops have seen more tourists and customers to stop by.  The mayor commented that the city hopes to create a museum without wallsone that is not housed in a building. He envisions a museum that can reflect the citys identity and the life of its residents, not merely showcasing indoor exhibitions of artifacts that are sourced from all over the city. By breathing new life into the old shops, the shops are transformed into living museums.  While the creative process is often a struggle for the public sector and the government does not know the market better than the businesses do, the city government has played a supportive role for innovation efforts of the industries, the mayor added. 
Taipei City celebrated the completion of Bade Parking Garage on April 2.  With construction taking two years at the cost of NT$ 460 million, the new garage is the replacement of the old Bade Mechanical Parking, a 24-year-old facility. The new garage will help relieve parking pressures for visitors to the adjacent Raohe Street Night Market and the residents of surrounding communities. In addition to parking, the garage provides a community space on the first floor that can be used for public events.  During his address at the opening ceremony, Mayor Ko Wen-je noted three principles behind the citys traffic infrastructure policysharing, eco-friendliness, and digitalization, adding that an intelligent management system with license plate recognition is available at the facility. Parking fee can be paid through EasyCard, third-party mobile payment, and ETag (to be available by end of 2018).  Currently, drivers are billed for using on-street parking in the city. Ko said that by charging roadside parking, the idea of user pays can be fulfilled and most importantly, encourages better management. All the efforts are meant to improve the citys traffic, he added.  The mayor said he had assigned the Parking Management and Development Office to promote parking space sharing and encourage municipal agencies, schools, and private business buildings to open their parking spaces to the public. The idea is similar to the concept of Airbnb, noted the mayor.  He commented that by smartening up parking management through the use of IOT to make parking space-sharing more efficient, the need to create more car parks can be greatly reduceda result that can be seen as an overall improvement for the city.
On March 29 and April 2, the Department of Information Technology (DOIT) and Taipei City Smart City Project Management Office (TPMO) cohosted workshops involving an exchange project with Amsterdam Innovation Exchange Lab (AMSiXL).  Smart city experts, Paul Manwaring, Tom van Arman, and Juan-Carlos Goilo were invited to share insights with attending city employees from the Public Works Department, the Department of Transportation, and the Department of Health, as well as industry representatives.  According to a United Nations report, around two-thirds of the worlds population will live in the city by 2050. Such scenario is likely to incur traffic problems, crowdedness, pollution, and an aging urban population. Hence, how to keep cities operating in efficient and smart ways is a challenge for cities  even for Amsterdam, one of the worlds most recognized smart cities.  According to DOIT, by engaging in international exchanges and partnership, all those involved can pool together strengths and find solutions.  At the March 29 workshop, 20 participants were divided into four groups to discuss issues such as housing, traffic, and low salary. Members were encouraged to think out of the box and work out possible solutions. The April 2 workshop was conducted at an advanced level, focusing on AI applications to public space management. Participants were divided into groups for discussions of housing, traffic, and safety and to look for AI solutions to the respective issues.  The workshop is the first step towards the Inter-City PoC (proof of concept) project between Taipei and Amsterdam and will help promote Taiwans smart city industries. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the disaster relief exercise taking place at the Fuxinggang Campus of the National Defense University on March 31. The event is the first ever in Taiwan to include disaster scenarios caused by earthquakes and volcanic eruptions.  A total of 3,000 personnel from Taipei City Government, national armed force, civic groups, and international rescue teams, as well as a total of 164 vehicles and five helicopters were mobilized for the exercise. To share knowledge and exchange experiences, rescue and relief teams from Tokyo, Yokohama, and Seoul were also invited to join the event.  During his speech, Mayor Ko thanked all of the participants from Taiwan and abroad for their input to help improve the citys disaster preparedness. Taiwan is prone to three types of natural disasterstyphoon, earthquake, and volcanic eruption. According to the mayor, with an average of two or three typhoons making landfall in Taiwan and bringing destructive impact each year, as well as consequential evaluations of post-disaster recovery efforts, the city has developed well rounded protocols for typhoon-related recovery work. As for the other two types of disasters, more work will be required.  The mayor noted that an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.0 or higher could cause approximately 1500 buildings in Taipei to collapse, leaving thousands injured or dead. To mitigate the potential damage an earthquake can cause, the city has taken a series of measures, such as seismic evaluations for old buildings, repair projects for buildings onliquefaction-affected sites, and construction of wells for times of emergency.  Part of the drill involves rescue operations in the event of a volcanic eruption for the first time. The mayor remarked that the city government is studying the possibility for installing an early warning system for volcanic eruptions, adding that the inputs from the academia and regular drills are both important in minimizing casualties. 
"The 2018 Smart City Summit & Expo comes to an end on March 30th. ""Taipei Pavilion"" spotlights 7 topics"," including ""smart traffic"""," ""smart public housing """," ""smart medical care"""," ""smart startup"""," ""smart education"""," ""smart ecological community"" and ""smart security""", along with self-driving vehicle exhibition outdoors. The showcase exhibits a full range of smart city solutions to domestic and foreign visitors. Among them, the self-driving car has attracted public attention, drawing many visitors to experience the intelligent transportation technology.  Taipei City Government is working on building a smart city through the approach of public-private partnerships (PPP), which won much applause from civil society and industry players. As both a platform and test bed, Taipei can be the provider of a variety of smart solutions to set an example for the construction of cities across the world. On March 13th this year, Taipei launched the Beitou-Shilin Science and Technology Park to be the autonomous vehicle testing ground. This is the first-ever in Taiwan, combining IoV (Internet of Vehicles), autonomous vehicles and intelligent infrastructure. It also displayed related testing results and mapping outcomes by research and development institutes in the Smart Startup Zone.  During the exhibition, the outdoor demonstration of autonomous self-driving vehicles near exit No. 2 of the MRT Nangang Exhibition Hall station featured an array of the latest transportation devices, including 7Starlakes self-driving minibuses, the PEV (a persuasive electric self-driving tricycle developed by City Science project team in MIT Media Lab in collaboration with National Taipei University of Technology), and NTU auto-driving SUV developed by National Taiwan University (NTU) autonomous electric vehicle team and iAuto technology. The showcase provided the public with a glimpse of what the technology of autonomous self-driving vehicles can bring.  Exhibition Information: https://en.smartcity.org.tw
With the approach of Childrens Month in April, a series of events and deals have been arranged to commemorate the occasion. On April 1, Taipei Zoo will present adventurous yet educational activities for the public to join the fun, kicking-off the city-wide, month-long event for members of the future generations.  More events will follow throughout the month of April, listed below:    Venue Discount Period Details     A1: Taipei Childrens Amusement Park 4/1, 4/4-8 Free admission for one child and one accompanying adult. Required documents: 2018 Childrens Month Pass (hardcopy), digital student ID, or National Health Insurance Card. (Amusement rides are charged at regular prices.)   A2: Maokong Gondola 4/1, 4/4-8 Children eligible for unlimited rides by presenting the 2018 Childrens Month Pass (hardcopy), student ID card, or National Health Insurance Card.   A3: Taipei Zoo 4/1, 4/4-8 Free admissions for children and one accompanying adult with the Childrens Month Pass (or an ID document). 			Participants of designated activities will receive a gift.   A4: Taipei Water Park 4/1-8 Free admissions for children and one accompanying adult with Childrens Month Pass or an ID document (The offer does not cover access to Aqua-Friendly Experience and Education Area.)   A5: National Museum of History 4/4   Free admissions to regular exhibitions for one child with one accompanying adult. The presentation of the pass required. Ticket holders of the Chihiro Iwasaki Exhibition Children in the World: Peace and Happiness for All can enjoy free admission to a related event, with limited openings.     A6: Taipei Astronomical Museum -   4/1, 4/4-8, 4/14-15, 4/21-22, 4/28-29: Childrens Month Pass owners can redeem a gift at the information counter. 4/4: Free film screening at the fourth floor for children ages 12 and under. 4/1, 4/4-4/8: free film screenings at 09:00, 09:40, and 10:20     A7: Taipei 101 Observatory 4/1-30 Free admission for children with the Childrens Month Pass 			(For safety reasons, every child must be in the company of a responsible adult. The purchase of a full-priced ticket is necessary for the accompanying adult.)   A8: Taipei City Youth Development Office 4/1-30 20% discount on tickets to the roller skating rink 50% discount on 4/1, 4/4-8   A9: Postal Museum 4/1-29 Free admission for children and one accompanying adult with the Childrens Month Pass.   A10: Shung Ye Museum of Formosan Aborigines 4/1-4/30 Childrens Month Pass can be used for one of the following: 			 Free admission and free access to the 3D film showing discounted admission (NT$ 120) for two accompanying adults (regular admission is NT$ 150) A free craft kit by signing up for Childrens Day activities     A11: National Taiwan Museum 4/4  4/8 Free admission for children with Childrens Month Pass 50% off on admission for one accompanying adult   Sports Centers -   4/4: free access to pool for holders of the pass 20% discount on pool access for one accompanying adult. 4/1-30: free access to Songshan and Wanhua pools for pass owners discounted access for one accompanying adult. 4/4-8: free access to Nanhu pool for one pass owner and one accompanying adult. 4/4-8: Pass owners can attend a free swimming class at the Zhongshan Sports Center and a gift after completion of the class.     A12: Taipei Tennis Center 4/4  4/7 Free tennis and badminton class for pass owners.   A13: Taiwan Recreation & Sports Management Association (Family Sessions) 4/7, 4/8, 4/21, 4/22 			Morning and afternoon sessions Special discounts for exploration activities for children ages 7-12 and one accompanying adult with the presentation of Childrens Month Pass. 			 			Visit the associations official website to learn more.   A14: Evergreen Marine Museum 4/1-30   4/4-4/6: free admission for children ages 12 and under with the presentation of Childrens Month Pass 4/1-4/30: NT$ 100 admission for children ages 12 and under (regular price: NT$ 150) and NT$150 admission for the accompany adult (regular price: NT$ 200)     A15: Miniature Museum of Taiwan 4/1-29 40% off on entry for pass owners and 20% off on entry for the accompanying adult. 			The pass privilege is restricted to two children and two adults at any given times.         Venue Discount Period Details     B1: Taipei Symphony Orchestra 4/1-30 20% discount on concert tickets for one child and one accompanying adult.   B2: Taipei Chinese Orchestra 4/1-30   20% off on concerts slated for April-June for one child and one accompanying adult. For children who have performed in concerts, one child and one accompanying adult can receive 30% discount on concert tickets.  			 			(Visit the orchestras official website for more information)   B3: Taipei Garden Mall Weekends, holidays Each Childrens Month Pass can be used to redeem one of the following: 			 Free entry to the inflatable park during 10:00-16:50. Total number of free entry available: 200. A free hook DIY kit. Limited to 100 kits per day. A free packet of green bean seeds. Limited to 100 packs per day.     B4:Futian Village Eco-educational Farm 4/1-30   20% off on admission for one child and one accompanying adult with the pass. A free cup of cocoa can be redeemed with the pass at the caf.     B5: Guandu Nature Park 4/1-30 Free admission for pass owners.   B6: Kuo Yuan Ye Museum of Cake and Pastry (Shihlin) 4/1, 4/4-8, 4/14-15, 4/22, 4/28-29   Free admission for a child and one accompanying adult with the pass. (Presentation of the pass is required.) NT$ 120 for a cookie DIY session. (Regular price is NT$ 200. A child can be accompanied by an adult.)     B7: Puppetry Art Center of Taipei 4/4  4/8   Free admission for pass owners and discounted admission for accompanying adults. Free outdoor performances for all visitors. Visit the troupes website to learn more.     B8: Taipei City Hakka Cultural Park 4/1, 4/4-8, 4/14-15, 4/21-4/22, 4/28-29   Gift: pass owners can redeem a gift with the pass. Limited quantities are available on a daily basis. Group of 10 or more comprising children and adults who book for a story session will receive a complimentary badge DIY session. Openings are limited.     B9: Taipei Childrens Amusement Park  If Kids Theatre 4/1-30 30% off on admission for children (The offer does not apply to group visitors.)   4/1, 4/4-8 Buy one, get one free deal for a child and an accompanying adult   4/1-30 15% off on the tickets for the troupes 35th work for pass owners (Hardcopy of the pass is required.)   Taipei Childrens Amusement Park  i-FUN Hub 4/1-30 Great deals for pass owners on designated programs. (Hardcopy of the pass is required.)   Taipei Childrens Amusement Park  Magic Camera 4/1-30 NT$ 50 off on purchase of keepsake key rings with the presentation of the pass at check-out.   Taipei Childrens Amusement Park  VR World 4/1-30 4/1-30: For pair tickets, a special admission price of NT$ 50 for the second individual (Regular price is NT$ 150 each.)   B10: Puppet Beings Theatre 4/1-30 Children enrolled in schools or kindergarten in Taipei enjoy a 15% discount on all performance tickets purchased via NTCH Ticketing system (with the exception for minimum-priced tickets)   B11: BabyBoss City 4/4-8 40% off on admission for one pass owner and one accompanying adult.(The hardcopy of the pass must be presented at the ticket booth.) 			The offer is valid for single entry and both individuals must be admitted at the same time. The offer cannot be combined with any other promotion nor does this deal apply to online booking.         Venue Discount Period Details     C1: New Taipei City Tamsui Historical Museum 4/1-29   Free admission for children ages 12 and under 20% off on purchase of Museum-branded merchandise at the gift shop with the presentation of the pass     C2: Shihsanhang Museum of Archaeology -   4/1-29: free admission for children ages 12 and under 4/1, 4/4-8, 4/14-15, 4/21-22, 4/28-29: discount prices for family DIY events     C3: New Taipei City Hakka Museum 4/1-30 20% off on designated DIY activities for pass owners   C4: Juming Museum 4/1-29 Group discount for visitors of four presenting the pass at the ticket booth   C5: New Taipei City Gold Museum 4/1-8 13:30-16:00 Family visitors with fourth through sixth graders presenting Childrens Month Pass will receive a discounted admission of NT$ 200 each to explore Day in A Life of A Miner. (Regular price per ticket is NT$ 280.)   C6: Shushinbo Wagashi Museum 4/1-30 5% off on all DIY activities for pass owners discounted price of NT$ 150 for a child aged 12 and under with an accompanying adult. (Regular price is NT$300. The offer does not apply to group visitors.)     
With the onset of the scrub typhus season, the Department of Health (DOH) urges the public to take precautions against being bitten by mites while engaging in tomb sweeping activities during the long break.  As of March 26, the Center of Disease Control has confirmed a total of 67 scrub typhus cases across Taiwan, with Taitung County reporting 20 cases, followed by 12 cases in Hualien County, 7 cases in Kaohsiung City, and 6 cases in Taichung City. Taipei City reported 2 confirmed cases. Both cases indicate that the disease was contracted during travel in other municipalities (Yilan and New Taipei City respectively).  Scrub typhus falls under the fourth category of communicable diseases  of which reporting is required by law. According to DOH, confirmed cases are reported across the island each year, with occurrence showing a rise in April and reaching the peak during June and July. Most confirmed cases occurred in Hualien, Taitung, and off-shore islands.  While scrub typhus is not transmissible between humans, the disease is spread by bites of mites that carry the disease. The incubation period of scrub typhus is typically 6-to-21 days. Symptoms include: acute and continued fevers, headaches, backaches, cold, excessive sweats, and swollen lymph nodes. Infected individuals start experiencing rashes after one week, and sometimes developing complications such as pneumonia or liver problems. The infection could be fatal if left unattended.  As mites tend to thrive in grassy areas, the agency reminded the public to wear long sleeves, boots, or gloves while outdoors. Insect repellents can also help to keep mites at bay. Mowed down grass should be burned or buried to minimize the chance of mites festering.  If infection is suspected, seek medical attention immediately. For more information, please call the DOHs special line 02-23753782 or dial 1999 for Taipei City Citizen Hotline.
Taipei Expo Farmers Market will be rolling out a series of events in April.  During the first weekend of April (March 31  April 1), the market will feature an array of specialty produce from across Taiwan, with the following weekend (April 7-8) spotlighting plums from Nantou.  The spring months  between March and May  mark the harvest season for plums. When the crunchy green plums are in, it is time to make pickled plums, plum wine, or even plum-flavored ice cream! Next up is the Hualien Arrow Bamboo Shoot Weekend (April 14-15). The period around Tomb Sweeping Day is the best time for enjoying bamboo shoot. Rich in dietary fiber and protein, arrow bamboo shoots help digestion and boost metabolism. The weekend of April 21-22 is the Yilan Organic Produce Weekend. For the last weekend of April, the focus falls upon Tainan pineapples (April 28-29). In addition to being a popular snacking fruit, locally grown pineapples also make for a health booster.  A pickled plum DIY activity will be held during the Nantou Plum Weekend. Participants can make their own pickled plums by pounding the fresh fruits and coating them with coarse salt. For the April 21-22 weekend, there will be a raffle. Those who have a combined purchase of more than NT$ 1,000 at the market can enter the contest to try their luck. A total of 300 handpicked prizes will be given out. The last weekend in April will see a ping-pong ball blowing game. So hit the farmers market to join the fun while shopping for the fresh, in-season produce.  Taipei Expo Farmers Market offers a wide selection of fresh produce and seasonal items from across Taiwan. There will also be music performances on either Saturdays or Sundays (2:30 PM-3:00 PM). To learn more about upcoming events, please visit the farmers market Facebook page or website.  Taipei Expo Farmers Market: Date and Time: Sundays, Sundays. 10 AM  6 PM. Venue: Yuanshan Plaza of Taipei Expo Park (Located near Exit No. 1 of MRT Yuanshan Station) 
In a bid to calm traffic at busy crossings and remind motorists to give way to pedestrians, Taipei City Traffic Engineering Office (TEO) introduced the 3D painted pedestrian crossing on a trial basis after obtaining permission from Ministry of Transportation and Communications.  Two locations have been selected for the trial project: the intersection of Lane 372, Zhongxiao E. Rd. Section 5 and Alley 28, Zhongxiao E. Rd. (installed on March 7) and the northbound and southbound traffic lanes at the intersection of Minsheng R. Rd. and Dunhua N. Rd. (installed on March 29).  According to TEO, the 3D crosswalk is designed to create an optical illusion that forces drivers to slow down because he or she perceives obstacles blocking the road ahead. The trial is a follow-up development in response to city councilor Chen Li-huis suggestion of installing 3D crossing as a way to improve road safety at the citys most accident-prone spots.  Under the provision of Article 185 of the Rules on the Installation of Traffic Signs, Markings, and Lights, zebra crossings are installed at the entrance of roads to provide pedestrians with a safe walking area and to attract attention of motorists, reminding them to slow down and give way. The 3D crossing is painted to the existing crosswalk with different colors and a 3D effect as an upgrade.  The agency reminds road users to be mindful of the installation when travelling through the trial areas. Observers will be dispatched to the site during the trial period to evaluate whether the scheme helps to lower the speed of traffic. Upon completion of the trial, a review will take place to determine whethermore 3D crossings should be added to the city and related regulations be amended.
In the afternoon of March 28, Mayor Ko Wen-je met witha visiting delegation of Seoul Housing & Communities Corporation(SHC)led by CEO Kim Seiyong. During the meeting, the two exchanged views on public housing policies and practices.  For nearly 30 years since its establishment bySeoulMetropolitanGovernment, SHC has come a long way in the construction and management of public housing. Mayor Ko commented that SHC has set an example of good practice in public housing that Taipei can emulate.  He recalled his stay in a public housing unit in Seoul as impressive during his visit in 2015. After his return from Seoul, both Taipei and Seoul dispatched delegations to each other for further learning exchange.  Ko noted that with 32 public housing sites currently under construction, Taipei will be able to offer 12,000 rental units upon completion of these construction projects. He stressed the four goals that the citys public housing policy is meant to achieve: housing justice, urban aesthetics, development of smart city industry, and introduction of new social modes. Theres more to affordable housing, said the mayor.  The SHC delegation is visiting Taipei to attend 2018 Smart City Summit and Expo, while also renewing a memorandum of understanding with the Department of Urban Development for continued partnership.
National Geographic Earth Day Run will take place from 6 AM to noon on April 1. Around 17,000 participants are expected to compete in the half marathon, running, and walk events. The run course starts at Ketagalan Boulevard and finishes at Dajia Riverside Park.  Traffic measures will be implemented along affected roads before and during the event. The following is the schedule of the traffic control:   Ketagalan Boulevard (between Chongqing S. Road and Gongyuan Road): Three east-bound lanes will be closed to traffic from 10 PM to midnight March 31 all lanes will be closed from midnight to 10 AM, April 1. Huaining Street (between Baoqing Road and Guiyang Street): All lanes will be closed from midnight to 10 AM, April 1. Gongyuan Road (between Changde Street and Guiyang Street): All lanes will be closed from 5:50 AM to 6: 50 AM, April 1. Ketagalan Boulevard (between Gongyuan Road and Zhongshan S. Road): All lanes will be closed from 5 AM to 7: 30 AM, April 1. Renai Road (between Zhongshan S. Road and Jinshan S. Road): All lanes will be closed from 5:50 AM to 7: 30 AM, April 1. Jinshan S. Road (between Renai Road and Jinan Road): Two inner north-bound lanes will be closed from 5:50 AM to 8 AM, April 1. Xinsheng Viaduct: All north-bound lanes will be closed from 4 AM to 8 AM, April 1. All south-bound lanes between Tonghe Street entrance ramp and Binjiang Street exit on Xinsheng Viaduct will be closed from 4 AM to 8 AM, April 1. Zhongshan Bridge (fork leading to Grand Hotel): The motorcycle slow lane will be closed from 6 AM to 8 AM, April 1. Dazhi Bridge (northbound) Mingshui Road ramp: closed between 6 AM to 9 AM, April 1. Beian Road (between Xinsheng Viaduct exit and Mingshui Road): The outer east-bound lane will be closed from 6 AM to 9 AM, April 1. Mingshui Road (between Beian Road and Lequn First Road): The outer east-bound lane will be closed from 6 AM to 9 AM, April 1. Lequn First Road (between Mingshui Road and Keelung River Evacuation Gate No. 16): The outer east-bound lane will be closed from 6 AM to 9 AM, April 1. Binjiang Street (between Xinsheng N. Road and Keelung River Evacuation Gate No. 10): Two lanes on the north side will be closed 6 AM to 8 AM, April 1. Keelung River Evacuation Gate No. 10: closed between 6 AM to 10 AM, April 1. Keelung River Evacuation Gates No. 8 and 9: flexibly closed between 6 AM to 10 AM, April 1, subject to actual traffic conditions.   Drivers are advised to be aware of the traffic control measures and plan ahead. Bus service in the control area will be suspended during the event. For information on diverted bus routes, please visit the Public Transportation Office website http://www.pto.gov.taipei/ (Chinese)
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended Mayors Summit at 2018 Smart City Summit and Expo on March 27 and welcomed dignitaries from Taiwan and abroad to join the major international event.  During his address, Ko touted Taipei as having a solid foundation in information and telecommunication technologies, adding that the city has endeavored to introduce smart technologies to its management system and to provide smart public service through the employment of smart infrastructure.  The mayor envisions Taipei as a smart city, noting that five focus areas of action have been outlined in smartening Taipei up. Collaborative efforts between public and private sectors are also encouraged to create a mechanism where the government serves as the platform and cities are used for experimental trials.  Ko remarked that the city government serves as a platform that integrates resources from public and private sectors. With the implementation approach of starting from the inside and expanding outward beginning from the public sector and spreading to the private sector, tests are implemented in areas spanning automated vehicles, smart parking system, and smart roadway lighting. He said the city is willing to share its experiences and may market its experiences to other places in Taiwan and abroad.  The mayor encourages all circles of society and other cities in the world to join the efforts to turn the vision of smart cities into a reality, thereby improving peoples quality of life.
One of the major highlights of the 2018 Smart City Summit and Expo is the host citys proposal to establish the Global Organization of Smart Cities (GO SMART)  an initiative aimed at bringing together cities in Taiwan and abroad as well as related industries to create a cross-national exchange network.  An initiative meeting was held at Nangang Exhibition Center on March 28. With the witness of Minister without Portfolio ChangChing-sen, Deputy Mayor Charles Lin joined dignitaries from Taiwans other five municipalities, industry leaders, as well as dignitaries from more than 18 cities abroad to show support for the creation of GO SMART.  According to Deputy Mayor Lin, the Department of Information Technology had set up Taipei CitySmart City ProjectManagementOffice(TPMO) in 2016, hoping to pool innovative resources from both public and private sectors and transform Taipei into a smart city. Since its establishment, TPMO has helped to carry out more than 130 PoC smart city projects.  Lin appreciated the participation of cities from both Taiwan and abroad in the initiative, adding that the support will add to the efforts to establish and organize GO SMART. The preparation work of GO SMART is expected to take one year and the organizational charter will be drawn up by Taipei City Government. GO SMART will be officially inaugurated in the Smart City Summit and Expo next year, said the deputy mayor.
"The ""2018 Smart City Summit & Expo""- largest of its kind in Asia - will be held at Nangang Exhibition Hall from March 27 to 30. As the host city"," Taipei City Government has set up the ""Taipei Pavilion"" (booth number K116) spotlighting the theme ""Smart Taipei", International Connecting. Through the showcase, the City seeks to address top issues of concern for the public such as housing, food safety, transportation, medical care, security and industrial development," hoping to implement policies promoting ""smart traffic"""," ""smart public housing """," ""smart medical care"""," ""smart startup"""," ""smart education"""," ""smart ecological community"" and ""smart security"". Displays in the 7 topic areas are combined with outdoor exhibition to showcase a full range of smart city projects to both local and foreign visitors", presenting the citys determination to build a smart and livable city.  Taipei City Government has built a smart city through approaches such as public-private partnerships (PPP)," which is well-received by both the public and industry players. Its efforts were recognized in the form of receiving the award in Smart City Innovative Application Award of government sector this year for its accomplishments in ""Optimized the roadside and off-street parking with intelligent payment system"," ""Pioneering in Taiwan self-driving empirical field - building a global platform for Internet of Vehicles (IoV)"," and ""Use of the new technology of Internet of Things(IoT) to build the smart management System for the Feitsui Reservoir"". The aforementioned achievements above jointly claimed the largest number of awards.  Deputy Mayor Lin Qin-rong", accompanied by Commissioner of Information Technology Lee Wei-bin, Commissioner Hsieh Cheng-daw of the Taipei Feitsui Reservoir administration, and Taipei City Parking Management and Development Office Director Chang Zi-zon, attended the opening and awards ceremony on the morning of March 27 to bring home the awards.  On the first day of the exhibition, Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong accompanied officials and honorable guests from the central government during the opening ceremony of the Taipei pavilion, unveiling the blueprint integrating peoples day-to-day living with future smart technology. Commissioner Lee stated that the concept of Taipei smart city involves the concepts of Government as a platform and City as a living lab, which is made possible through the support by the openness of all agencies so as to allow the realization of the smart city vision can be gradually realized. Especially for this year, Taipei City Government has set up 7 exhibition areas related to subject areas where the public show a high degree of interest. Through various display of policies, visions and results, the pavilion demonstrates the open and intelligent features of Taipei City. There are on-site interactive games offering gifts and souvenirs as well. People who are interested in smart cities are welcome to visit Taipei pavilion to experience the future city life through Taipei City's new IoT applications.  Smart Startup Zone: To encourage new industries," the Department of Economic Development organized the display of "" Smart City Products"," Services and Applications developed by Taipei City Government"" and ""Solar Photovoltaic Project- Taipei Solar Tracker Project. The Taipei Smart City Project Management Office (PMO) was formed by the government and the industry cooperating together to promote many innovative projects such as Self-driving Empirical Field in Beitou-Shilin Science and Technology Park", Application of Artificial intelligence, Taipei Air Pollution Intelligent Traceability Monitoring and Measurement Platform, Internet of Things (IoT) Experimentation Platform," ""OGC International Common Standard Platform"" and ""Taipei English Learning City""", which are all for people to see on site.  Smart Public Housing Zone: Taking Guang-zi Public Housing Community as an example, weve introduced a new generation of public housing complete with intelligent management and smart grids based on cloud technology to provide comprehensive care for daily needs of households spanning park facilities, babysitting, long-term elderly care and connecting to the MRT system.  Smart Ecological Community Zone: Based on the principles of eco-friendliness, smartization, and sustainability integrated with the vision of smart disaster prevention and smart agriculture, Shezi Island area promises to be the best demonstration site for a sustainable ecological city.  Smart Transportation Zone: Solutions such as smart parking, smart stations, smart buses, and 3U transportation (electric vehicle, U-motor, U-bike), along with electric cars and motorcycles," and smart charging system equipment will be displayed on site to promote concepts of green transportation to the public.  Smart Education Zone: The public are invited to learn about Taiwan's first ""Taipei CooC Online School"". We plan to introduce a new generation of CooC cloud with functions such as synchronous interaction at high schools. Students can experience innovative learning by meeting with teachers and classmates who they have never met with technologies breaking the limitations of time and place. This allows education to take a big step forward by tapping into cloud learning era and further realizing educational equality.  Smart Medical Care Zone: The Department of Health and Taipei City Hospital jointly planned the display area to showcase the home health and medical decision supporting system", the smart health management and food ingredient registration platforms (Food Tracer Taipei), and more," showing the future of providing comprehensive care to safeguard the health of the citizens.  Smart Security Zone: Showcasing smart technological application services such as the award-winning ""Use of the New technology of Internet of Things (IoT) to Build the Smart Management System for the Feitsui Reservoir""", along with Video Report 119 and CCTV Security Guard - electronic Police projects, which are aimed at creating a livable city that allows citizens to feel safe and secure.  In addition, there is an outdoor exhibition area where groups of autonomous vehicles, PEV self-drive tricycles, and self-drive golf carts are on display to demonstrate Taipei's capabilities in innovation and bringing the idea of public-private partnership (PPP) into the development of smart cities.  For additional information on the exhibition: https://en.smartcity.org.tw  The seal of Smart City Innovative Application Award
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced a trial that will allow passengers to board with bicycles at a majority of MRT stations during weekday off-peak hours (10 AM - 4 PM). The only exclusions are the following: the 24 stations of MRT Wenhu Line, MRT Tamsui Station, MRT Taipei Main Station, MRT Daan Station, MRT Zhongxiao Fuxing Station, MRT Nanjing Fuxing Station, MRT Zhongshan Station, and MRT Zhongxiao Xinsheng Station.  The trial will be launched on April 2 and existing rules on travelling with bicycles on weekends and holidays will apply. Passengers carrying bicycles are required to purchase tickets at the information desk at the MRT station before boarding the train. The fare for one passenger with one bicycle is NT$80, regardless of distance traveled on the MRT.  TRTC reminds passengers travelling with bicycles to use the elevator and to board either the first or the last carriage. They should also be mindful of other passengers during travel on the MRT, including elders, young children, pregnant women, passengers on wheelchairs, and those with baby strollers.  Folding bicycles that are folded into allowable size limits and properly packed before boarding are allowed to be brought into stations. They will be treated as luggage and no additional fare is required.  Future adjustments may be made to suit actual conditions. For more information, please call the TRTC 24-hour customer service hotline (02-218-12345) or visit its website https://www.metro.taipei/ (Chinese). For callers in Taipei City, dial 1999 for Taipei City Citizen Hotline. For those outside Taipei City, please dial (02) 2720-8889.
While you may have heard of Michelins restaurant rating system, do you know the Michelin Green Guides, which grade tourist attractions? Beitou, famed for its unique hot springs, scenic natural environment, and rich cultural landscape, is selected by the Michelin Green Guide as a three-star must-see destination.  This spring, Beitou District Office invites the public to join in the fun of Festival Lohas Beitou 2018, which is slated for March 27  May 20. The festival features spring retro feast, providing visitors with a chance to experience Beitous unique old-world charm.  A wide range of activities will be presented, ranging from Taiwanese film showings, role play games with challenging levels, exhibitions, and a childrens theatre show. A grand LOHAS-themed event will take place at Qixing Park on April 14, featuring professional performances and various fair stands.  2018 also marks the 30th anniversary of the last Tamsui train service, which had once boosted local economy and linked Beitou to downtown Taipei. A related exhibition will be held at Beitou Public Assembly Hall.  Festival Lohas Beitou 2018 is suitable for all agesyoung and old. Take time to explore what the Michelin-starred spot has to offer! For more information, visit Beitou District Office website or Beitou Public Assembly Hall website.
With another dragon boat season just around the corner, the 2018 Taipei International Dragon Boat Championship will be taking place at the Dajia Riverside Park between June 16 and 18. Registration for the annual celebration starts at 10 AM, Monday, March 26 and continues through 5 PM, Friday, April 13. Registration may be closed when the entry limit is reached. To enter, go to the official event website dragonboat.taipei (Chinese).  According to the Department of Sports (DOS), the total prize money exceeds NT$ 3 million and subsidies will be granted subject to conditions provided in the competition rules.  For adult teams, championship events in the standard dragon boat category include mens open, womens open, and mixed open divisions. The maximum entry for mens and mixed open is 50 respectively while the maximum entry for womens open is 20. As for the small dragon boat category, entry for mens open, womens open, and mixed open is capped at 20 teams each seeded team and invitation performance divisions are not included in the maximum entry limitations. The participation of high school students is also encouraged. Students from the same or different schools may team up for mixed open. Mixed masters division will be open to those aged 50 or more (born before June 16, 1968).  DOS reminds those interested in participation to get all required information ready to register their team. The team roster will be deemed final once the application has been submitted. To complete registration, applicants must have relevant documents printed out and delivered to the designated address, added the agency  All registered teams will receive free practice sessions, which are slated to start on May 9. Reservations are open from May 7 and must be made on the official website. For more information on competition rules and practice session regulations, please visit the DOS website http://sports.gov.taipei/ (Chinese) or the event website. 
The 2018 Smart City Summit & Expo grand opening will be held at the Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center for 4 continuous days starting March 27. To welcome this Smart City Summit & Expo, Taipei Smart City Project Management Office (TPMO), established by the Department of Information Technology (DOIT), has designated the CIS (Corporate Identity System) for Taipei Smart City in hopes to take advantage of this years smart city event  which attracted record-breaking number of participants  to strengthen Taipei Citys branding efforts and to market its smart industries abroad under the logo. The Taipeis new Smart City logo adopts the character Taipei as the core of its design, combining the elements of Chinese and English wording. Not only does it communicate to the rest of the world, the design also highlights the name of Taipei City. DOIT collaborated with a major visual design company to come up with the logos layout: where the 2 ts from the words Smart and Taipei are symmetrical aligned to form the Chinese character of Pei (north)  which together with the character Tai forms the Chinese term Taipei. The visual focus of onlookers will be drawn towards the character Pei, hence signifying Broadmindedness and Opening up and Embracing Innovations, conveying the citys willingness to accept innovative ideas. Innovative creativity of all forms is welcome in the city, echoing the acceptance and responsiveness one expects from a smart city. Emphasizing Taipei is a smart city rich in creativity, innovation and entrepreneurship with a positive outlook, the local government is proactive in embracing new ideas and providing dreams with a chance for realization. DOIT pointed out that the debut of the new logo is slated for the 2018 Smart City Summit & Expo. For the upcoming exhibition, the city government has set up a total of 42 stalls to showcase a wide variety of services and technology. We invite the public to visit the Smart Innovation booths during the expo period, which sheds light upon a selection from ongoing smart city projects, including: Beitou-Shilin Science Park Autonomous Vehicle Test Site, AI Application, Air Pollution Tracking Monitor Platform, Internet of Things Experiment Platform and Taipei English Town.   Caption: The brand-new Smart Taipei logo. The design combines the Chinese character Pei and English to create the image of a gate, representing Taipeis open attitude in creating a smart city. 
According to the Department of Environmental Protection, students are among the most inclined to dine out. However, with most student cafeterias in colleges still using disposable and melamine utensils, a significant amount of waste can be generated. To promote healthy and safe eating on campus, the agency encourages college dining facilities to adopt reusable tableware.  On March 22, Mayor Ko Wen-je presented awards to nine colleges in the city which follow the citys lead to switch from disposable to sustainable utensils. A total of fifty eateries in these colleges have started to serve meals in reusable tableware for eat-in orders. The initiative costs NTD 1,250,000 and will benefit 5,000 students and faculty members on a daily basis.  The mayor remarked that since the ban on the use of single-use and melamine utensils in the City Hall on April 1, 2016, a decreased amount of waste in the building has been observed. As of February, the city government has seen the reduction of paper packaging waste by 82% and plastic waste by 68%, Ko added.  He stressed that the implementation approach is to start from the inside and expand outward, beginning from the public sector and spreading the practice across all sectors. Up to the present day, fifteen enterprises have joined the ranks of policy supporters.  Taipei City Government envisions Taipei to be a livable and sustainable city. By livability, we mean creating a community in which residents can enjoy quality life by sustainability, we are referring to idea of eco-friendliness, said the mayor. 
On March 22, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the unveiling ceremony for Xinzhong Kindergarten. He thanked Bliss and Wisdom Foundation of Culture and Education for supporting the citys efforts in the promotion of non-profit-seeking kindergartens.  Nonprofit kindergartens operated by the city have received a high satisfaction rating of 90%. Currently, there are 119 classes, serving 2,949 students. By end of the year, additional 48 classes will be offered for 1,270 more students, said the mayor, adding that achieving this goal will be a big challenge for the Department of Education.  He commented that child care can pose a concern for working parents. Even with more than ten thousand places still available in private kindergartens across the city, parents still choose not to send children to these establishments due to affordability issues. Ko expects to see more private kindergartens being transformed into nonprofits to meet the daycare needs of two-income families.  The mayor observed that the nonprofit kindergarten is a more flexible option than public ones. One example is that nonprofits can offer flexible school schedules to cater to different needs. He also recognized that the provision of vegetarian meals in kindergartens helps add to the diversity of the education system.  The city aims to achieve the goal of 433the numbers of public, private, and non-profit-seeking kindergartens in the ratio of 4:3:3 through means of partnering with the private sector. There is still much to do, said the mayor. 
For the past ten years, the New Construction Office (NCO) has experimented with better techniques and materials to keep city roads in a good condition. With diverse procedures and repair materials now in place, maintenance activities can be performed in more effective and efficient ways.  The diversity of user needs and types of road distress require different treatments. Conventional refurbishment practice often involves general excavation and subsequent reconstruction, which requires significant investment in terms of manpower and heavy machinery. Projects could also become the target of complaints due to operation being conducted during night time.  To avoid these problems, new materials and methods must be employed. For instance, the agency applies hot-applied crack sealant to treat minor cracks. The material shows impressive results in sealing performance, ductility, permeability, and weather resistance. As such, it can protect damage from deterioration and expand the useful life of the affected surface.  In addition, with temperature highs reaching 37-degree Celsius on hot summer days, asphalt concrete risks softening when surface temperature of roads exceeds 60-degree Celsius. Compounded by the impact from continuous flow of vehicles every day, the soft surface could start showing signs of rutting and distortions  a problem common to exclusive bus lanes and bus stop zones. To smooth out the melting pavement, NCO began using modified asphalt concrete in 2016. This alternative material provides benefits such as higher melting points, less likelihood for rutting and distortion formation, improved load-bearing capacity, and longer service life.  The use of porous asphalt concrete on elevated highways or express roads offers a wide range of benefits, including higher infiltration capacity, better skid resistance under wet weather conditions, and reduced noise from tire/pavement contact. NCO stressed that it will continue making improvements through partnering with the industry and academia to maintain safe and comfortable road conditions for the public.
To commemorate World Water Day on March 22, Taipei City Government announced the launch of a management platform for water supply in public places under the citys jurisdiction. In the future, the public can access related information online, tracking water quality and usage via these sites.  Water supply in public places  MRT network, schools, parks, shopping areas, government agencies, and hospitals  is vital to the population. These places see about two million people moving about and engaging in activities on a daily basis. In Taipei City alone, the annual water consumption volume at public places reaches 24,000,000 tons, noted the Taipei Water Department (TWD).  The management platform, the first of its kind to be launched on the island, is devised to manage water facilities at public places. Agencies responsible for the respective facilities will be responsible for uploading information on water tank cleaning and maintenance for records. An indicator (red, yellow, green) in the platform will acts as a reminder of consumption volume. Other features include consumption volume search query, rectification report and track, and relevant statistics.  According to the agency, the publication of information pertaining to the maintenance of water facilities at public places may create business opportunities for water tank cleaning, water-saving products, and leak inspection/repair industries. TWD pointed out that the management platform can promote more effective and efficient water use, as well as reducing waste of the precious resource.  Compared to the figures from 2014, the total water consumption throughout government agencies and municipal schools in the city in 2017 has dropped by a staggering 10%, well beyond the expected 6%. That can be translated into 1,360,000 tons a yearenough to sustain 6,000 small households for one year. 
In the interest of ensuring that your fur kids are fed with safe pet foods, Taipei City Animal Protection Office (APO) conducts monitoring visits to pet food stores and random testing of commercial pet foods each year.  In 2017, the agency inspected 93 products (including 49 dry feeds, 29 canned foods, 6 powder formulas, and 12 treats) to check for traces of aflatoxin, melamine, pathogenic E. coli, salmonella, and heavy metals (lead, cadmium, mercury, and arsenic). All of the samples were found in compliance with regulations governing types and tolerance levels of pathogenic microorganisms and hazardous materials in pet foods.  In keeping with the amendment of Animal Protection Act, inspectors are dispatched to pet food shops on random basis to audit pet food labeling and registration. Up to the present day, 44 cases are found to have complied with labeling requirements and completed registration procedures, while 52 cases which are found in violation have all made rectifications within a 45-day grace period as requested by the agency.  APO indicated that any animal feed, regardless of whether locally produced or imported, shall register with the Council of Agriculture in accordance to the Animal Protection Act. Pet owners can visit the councils pet food registry website for detailed product information: http://animal.coa.gov.tw/html2/index.aspx (Chinese).  Since pet feeds are not medicine, products claiming to offer health benefits are required to provide scientific evidence. Any exaggerated, misleading, or false claims could result in fines, the agency added. APO advises pet owners to buy pet feeds from reliable sources and avoid products with torn packaging and unclear labeling.  Acceptable wording for pet feed labeling: http://animal.coa.gov.tw/data/RANNEWS/A20171200006/RNEWSF_A20171200250.pdf (Chinese)  Pet feed registration website: http://animal.coa.gov.tw/html2/ (Chinese)  Visit Announcement on Taipei City Animal Protection Office website http://www.tcapo.gov.taipei (Chinese) for a list of vendors that passed the audit procedure.  Checklist for a pet food label:  Name of the product Net weight, volume, quantity or any other measurement information Ingredients and additives Nutrition facts (nutrients and value) Name, address, and telephone number of manufacturers and processors  (for imported foods, name, address, and telephone number of the importer and domestic manufacturer, and the country of origin should be specified)   Use-by date or date of manufacture Shelf life or best-before date, storage methods and conditions Which pet is this food for, feeding instructions, and warnings  
Taipei 2017 Universiade Athletes' Village, which housed athletes during the games, is currently undergoing renovations to become a social housing site. Remodeling work on lots A, B, and C is slated for completion in April, while work on lot D is to be completed by July. Upon completion, the complex will provide 3,408 household units across 34 buildings.  All of the buildings in the complex have received Green Building Candidate Certificates for complying with a set of indicators for green residential buildings including greenery, water infiltration and retention, energy effectiveness, reduction of CO2 emissions, reduction of waste, indoor environment, and water conservation, as well as improvements in sewage and waste disposal facilities.  According to New Construction Office, not only are the buildings eco-friendly, they are also intelligent as they comply with requirements for Intelligent Building Candidates Bronze. The buildings meet key indicators for smart buildings, such as integrated wiring, information and communication, system integration, facility management, and security and disaster management. An all-in-one card management system incorporating access control, identity recognition, mail and package management, and public facility booking is installed to enable tenants to live the smart way with ease.  The conversion of the athletes village is the reemployment of legacy sites following the major intentional sports event. The property will be returned to the Ministry of the Interiors Construction and Planning Agency during two respective stages in September and November this year. 
EasyCard holders can now make a direct deposit from a designated bank account to their cards! Mayor Ko Wen-je announced the launch of the new program at a press conference on March 19.  According to the mayor, overall digitalization is one of the Citys policy goals. Five focus areas of action have been outlined in making Taipei a smart city: smart public housing, smart transportation, smart health care, smart education, and smart finance.  EasyCard is the most widely-used IC card in Taipei and the most important tool in the citys promotion of smart finance. Ko stressed the importance of the implementation of digital payment and views the recharge option as a small step in smart finance, but an important move for the greater goal of smart city implementation.  In terms of credit risk, this stored-value card with direct deposit from a bank account is safer than credit cards. One can max out a credit card and end up in debt, whereas a direct deposit to EasyCard can be made only when the designated bank account has a positive balance, the mayor assured. He encouraged wider range of applications for EasyCard, adding that parents can even use the direct deposit to give out weekly allowance to their children.  Smart finance is the foundation for the smart service industries. The City will continue promoting the usage of EasyCard as a payment tool and expand acceptance for small transactions. 
The Department of Transportation (DOT) has introduced a number of incentives to encourage the use of public transport system and YouBike.  Starting April 1, Taipei City senior courtesy card owners can use the free points for YouBike rides. YouBike users can enjoy a NT$ 5 discount when they transfer to the MRT or bus within one hour after returning the bike and completing rental fee payment. Passengers who use YouBike service within one hour after getting off the MRT train or bus can enjoy a free YouBike ride for the first 30 minutes.  According to DOT, judging from the current volume of rides, the accumulated total of YouBike rides is expected to hit a hundred million in April. The agency pointed out that the lucky YouBike rider who completes the hundred-millionth service rental will receive a special prize and a commemoration certificate.  Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press conference on March 20 for the announcement of the incentives and the upcoming YouBike milestone. He attributed the success of YouBike to the outstanding quality of the bikes and public morality. With 400 rental stations and 13,072 YouBikes across Taipei, the bike-sharing system has become an integral part of the citys public transport network since its launch in 2009.  The mayor stressed that upon the foundation of YouBikes success, the City will continue working on U-moto, U-Car, and even U-parking. The popularity of the public bicycle system is a confidence booster in promoting sharing economy in the city, Ko added. 
On March 18, Mayor Ko Wen-je joined NTIO Representative Guy Wittich as well as other guests and a crowd of fans for a farewell party taking place in Taipei Zoo. The party was organized for Bao Bao, a male western lowland gorilla, who will soon leave for Apenheul Primate Park in the Netherlands to start his own family.  With a crowd waiting to wish him a warm farewell, Bao Bao walked out of a quarantine area at 11 AM and entered a transport cage under the guidance of zookeepers.  The zoo said it had prepared betrothal presents for Bao Baos departure, including wedding candies and pastries, his favorite fruit dried guava which symbolizes plentiful offspring, a burlap sack to provide him with a feeling of safety and comfort, backpacks for his zookeepers, and dumbbells for him to work out with.  A zookeeper, who has taken care of Bao Bao for six years, and a veterinarian will travel with him and remain for one month to help him settle in to new environment. Bao Baos flight is scheduled to depart in the early hours of March 19 and will land in Amsterdam after twelve hours of flying.  His new home -- Apenheul Primate Park -- is a zoo specialized in primates, where Bao Bao will be the new alpha male and breed to pass on his valuable genes. 
Smart Taipei Railway Station, a collaborative project between Department of Transportation (DOT) and Askey Computer Group, has borne fruit as Deputy Mayor Charles Lin announced the upcoming launch of a navigation app for Taipei Main Station on March 16.  The app uses Beacon to locate users and offers useful features such as indoor navigation of the station, traffic information, suggestions for shopping and dining, smart parking information, and message notification. It will be launched by end of March for Android and mid-April for iOS.  During a try-out session, the development team guided Deputy Mayor Lin, DOT Commissioner Chen Shyue-tair, Askey CEO Robert Lin, and other guests to experience the tool firsthand as well as smart kiosks.  The kiosks are installed to provide traffic information search service, floor guide, search service for food and places of interests, and space to run PSAs.  Smart Taipei Railway Station project focuses on five aspects: smart signage (kiosk), indoor navigation and positioning, tourism and traffic application, safety monitoring system, and smart parking solutions. DOT and Askey Computer Group will continue incorporating user feedbacks into future improvement efforts after the hardware and software are put to use. 
