Deputy Mayor Charles Lin attended the pre-event press conference for the upcoming 2018 Smart City Summit & Expo on March 15. The major international event is slated for March 27-30.  Under the theme Smart City and IoT, this years event will feature the following: cross-industry, cross-discipline applications more extensive international exchanges and collaborations a designated matchmaking pavilion for business opportunities, and the proposed establishment of Global Organization of Smart Cities (GO SMART).  With record high numbers of pavilions, forum sessions, delegations and business players from across the world, this years event is larger than ever and is expected to attract more than thirty thousand visitors.  Deputy Mayor Lin indicated that local governments across Taiwan have spared no efforts in promoting smart cities and fifteen cities and counties from Taiwan will be showcasing respective smart city applications at the event. City-themed pavilions hosted by nations such as the UK, Japan, and Australia will also share their experiences in improving peoples quality of life by making cities smart, Lin added.  According to Information Technology Commissioner Lee Wei-bin, the City will propose the establishment of GO-SMART at the event, hoping to connect cities in Taiwan and their industrial momentum with the other cities around the world, seeking to boost further exchanges.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the flood-fighting exercise taking place at Meiti Riverside Park on March 15. The event is the first of the citys annual disaster response drills and was carried out by the Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) in conjunction with the Fire Department for the first time.  A total of 120 personnel, two mobile pumping units, trucks and cranes were mobilized by HEO for the exercise. Part of the exercise involved pumping station operation, evacuation gate operation, evacuation schemes for riverside facilities, and a simulated emergency repair of breached levees.  During his address, Mayor Ko expressed his gratitude to the military for playing a key role in post-disaster rescue and recovery operations. Repeated exercises are meant to help identify problems, prepare for solutions, and test if the solutions can work out during emergency situations, the mayor added.  Ko remarked that while the governments power is limited, the potentials of the private sector is infinite. He expects to see the involvement of communities and the public in disaster prevention efforts.  HEO stressed the importance of prevention measures in minimizing potential flood damage and ensuring the safety and well-being of the public. 
With the Pre-post Expansion Analysis of Environmental Impact of Shenao Power Plant slated for review on March 14, DEP calls for rejection of the project due to air quality concerns.  DEP reiterated the Citys support for energy development however, it opposes projects that can set back Taipeis efforts in improving air quality. It urges Tai Power to consider alternative solutions.  The agency cited a simulation carried out by Tai Power, which showed an average maximum PM 2.5 concentration growth of 1.733 g/m3 over a 24-hour period and an average maximum growth in ozone concentration of 1.2 ppb over an 8-hour period for Taipei City once the power plant begins operation.  DEP furthered that among the air pollutants discharged from coal-fired power plants, PM 2.5, dioxin, hexavalent chromium, arsenic, and chromium are listed as IARC Group 1 carcinogens. Besides, with mercury constituting the majority of emission content from coal-fired power plants on this island, impact of these hazardous substances should be assessed for future coal-fired power plant projects, the agency suggested.  With significant shifts in environmental challenges, regulatory requirements, and public awareness of air quality since 2006  the time when the original environmental impact assessment was approved with condition, DEP demanded that the case be resubmitted for assessment review based on new environmental criteria.  PS. As of press time, the analysis has been approved by the EPA review committee. 
Floral Feast is now on at the Discovery Center of Taipei. This is the first flower arrangement show to be held at this venue.  The exhibition showcases 60 works, with each finding its inspiration in poetry honoring the beauty of the four seasons.  According to Information and Tourism Commissioner Chen Su-yu, elements of azalea are infused into the pieces on display. She thanked participating artisans for bringing the colorful flowers and pleasant aromas to Taipei City Hall.  When it comes to the art of flower arrangement, most people would think of the styles popular in the west and the Japanese Ikebana. In fact, flower arrangement is part of the essence of Chinese art and has a long history spanning more than 1500 years. This exhibition is intended to create a feel of spring in full bloom and celebrate the legacy of Chinese floral art and literature.  In addition to a huge two-meter-high piece on the first floor, the gallery space on the second floor displays arrangements using azaleas and other flowers. The exhibition is divided into two time periods: the first one runs from March 14 to March 18 and the second from March 20 to 24.  A free flower arrangement class is slated for March 18, while a demonstration by experts will take place on March 23. Admission is free. For more information, please visit http://discovery.gov.taipei/ (Chinese). 
To continue keeping the public in the know about Taipeis housing policy and encourage participation in the policy-making process, the Living Justice Forum VII will be held at Regent Taipei on March 16.  According to Department of Land Administration, tenants are experiencing affordability and transaction security challenges due to factors such as low information transparency, high transaction risks, demand and supply imbalance, and poor government management.  The agency has drawn up Challenges for a Sound Rental Market as the focus for a discussion session slated for 2:30 PM, hoping to collect opinions from industry, government, academia, research, and the public as reference for blueprinting the citys sound housing market action plan for 2018.  The discussion will focus on three major issues in the current housing market: information transparency, transaction security, and taxation. Councilors, experts and academics, representatives from the property industry and construction supervising agencies, as well as consumer ombudsmen will share views on topics including dangerous buildings, effective dispute settlement, and the letting and management service provided by property management companies.  The event will be live-streamed. For more information or registration, please visit http://living-justice forum.dosw.gov.taipei/seventh (Chinese).
On March 13, Taipei City Government joined representatives from industry and academia to unveil a test field for autonomous vehicles  a first of its kind for the island.  Located inside the Beitou Shilin Science Park, the ten-hectare facility is furnished with real-world road infrastructure. The fields will be used for conducting trials of IoV, automated driving, and intelligent infrastructure technologies.  Deputy Mayor Charles Lin remarked that Taipei is a metropolis with an open attitude towards all kinds of experimental and innovative transportation services. He expressed his gratitude to those participating in the test programs and expects the governments collaboration with industry to generate more force for innovation.  Taiwans experiences in automated car technologies will be shared with the world at the coming Smart City Summit & Expo, which is slated for March 27-30, Lin added.  According to Information Technology Commissioner Lee Wei-bin, the test field is meant to foster the development of smart city, speed up the realization of smart transport services, and provide a venue for experimentation involving different application scenarios.  The test field program brings together a diverse pool of participants, including ACER (unmanned driving platform developer), 7Starlake (driverless bus service provider), as well as teams from National Taiwan University, iAuto technology, and Institute for Information Industry. DSRC equipment is provided by the Forward Electronics/Industrial Technology Research Institute team, while Automotive Research & Testing Center offers professional consulting services. City Science Lab, teamed up by MIT Media Lab and the NTUT, also showcased its PEV brainchild at the venue to make an impression. 
On March 12, the mayors of Taipei City and New Taipei City jointly held a press conference to announce the launch of a monthly pass offering unlimited rides on MRT and buses in the two municipalities, as well as free use of the YouBike for the first 30 minutes. During his address, Mayor Ko Wen-je expressed his gratitude for the joint efforts of the two municipalities to integrate the MRT network, buses, and YouBike services to encourage the use of public transport. He noted that the monthly pass is the first in a series of policies  with the next step being the rearrangement of bus routes. The All Pass Ticket, priced at NT$ 1280, will officially launch on April 16 and is available for preorders starting March 13. Those with standard EasyCards, EasyCard credit cards, and EasyCard debit cards (with more than 60-day validity) can purchase and download the pass at the information counters or through the EasyCard Add Value Machines at MRT stations. Special discounted tickets do not apply. Individuals can only purchase and use one pass at a time the pass will be disabled if the first use (activation) does not take place within 30 days after purchase. Handling fee will be charged for refund and repurchase in this case. The first use (activation) must be for MRT or bus ride  not YouBike. Holders of the pass must have YouBike membership registered with the monthly pass to enjoy the 30 minute free ride.  For more information, please call the TRTC 24-hour customer service hotline (02-218-12345) or visit its website https://www.metro.taipei/ (Chinese). For callers in Taipei City, dial 1999 for Taipei City Citizen Hotline. For those outside Taipei City, please dial (02) 2720-8889. 
Spring has sprung. As the weather pattern of this season likely induces an increase in mosquito activities, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) has scaled up its vector control efforts and calls for the public to stay alert.  Starting this year, additional disinfection measures will be taken by the citys public elementary, junior and senior high schools during April and May, apart from the scheduled sessions slated during summer vacation periods. The agency will dispatch inspectors to all 279 public schools in the city to ensure sanitation requirements have been met and give feedbacks to the schools regarding aspects requiring improvements.  DEP will continue its regular pesticide administration operations at all of the 456 boroughs at a frequency of once every two to three months. For reports from the public on pest infestation-related issues, DEP will respond through the implementation of enhanced disinfection procedures and cleaning up vector-breeding sites.  The agency noted that the eradication of breeding sites holds the key to effective prevention of both dengue and Zika virus. It reminds the public to always keep their living environment clean and to maintain a high level of awareness when travelling abroad to tropical countries.  Other control measures the public can adopt include running regular checks for places where water collect, cleaning-up such places, removing stagnate water from containers, and disposing unwanted containers to minimize hazards. 
Department of Civil Affairs and its subordinate Mortuary Services Office have long been committed to the innovation and improvement of mortuary services and breaking stereotypes associated with the funeral service profession.  With the advancement in technology and the wide use of the internet, live streaming has become a popular application of telecommunication. Seeing this trend, the Department of Civil Affairs has installed a WiFi network (FBM-WIFI) at Second Mortuary Parlor via which funerals can be webcast for mourners who cannot attend the ceremony in person to view the funeral in real time and leave messages of condolences.  According to the Mortuary Services Office, grieving families may use Facebook or any other broadcasting platform to live stream funerals via the free WiFi network. Those who need to use tripods may sign up with the funeral hall personnel for use of the equipment.  The agency has established Life in Remembrance website (https://w6.mso.taipei.gov.tw)(Chinese) for the bereaved to create lasting memorials to remember their lost loved ones. The website offers user-friendly features and is easy to personalize. There are six sections, including announcement, profile, life milestones, albums, stories, and a condolence board. The service is open for application. 
Following the success of the citys first Azalea Festival and concurrent Live House events in 2017, this years Azalea Festival will collaborate with Live House again to celebrate the beauty of blooms and energy of music.  As a warm-up for the one-month-long Azalea Festival starting on March 14, the corresponding Live House events have kicked off on March 9 to enrich visitors experience.  Mayor Ko Wen-je made an appearance at Live House to show his support for independent music. He thanked the publics fervent participation in the event and promised to boost the citys momentum for the development of music.  Ko noted that the performance hall at Taipei Music Center will soon be completed. The facility will be Taiwans first mid-to-large sized venue dedicated for pop music and can accommodate 5,000 people. This is great news for the citys music enthusiasts! Besides that, with the completion of the Pop Music Industry Park slated for mid-2019, there will be four additional venues of varying sizes for hosting Live House performances.  He added that these facilities will provide venues for performances by independent musicians, help related business to operate, and allow the public to enjoy cultural and arts events at affordable expenses. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the groundbreaking ceremony for the Xiaowan Public Housing project in Nangang District on March 8.  During his address, the mayor reiterated the four goals of the citys public housing policy: housing justice, urban aesthetics, development of smart city industry, and introduction of new social modes. The sites countrified ambience, courtyard with old trees, and public spaces shared with neighboring communities are expected to create an ecosystem of its own, added the mayor.  Xiaowan Public Housing is slated for completion in June 2020, with construction cost totaling NT$ 1.222 billion. The apartment buildings will have three levels underground and ten above ground, providing 314 housing units. Noting that the project has been conceived, designed, and executed during his tenure, Ko pointed out that it only took four months to reach groundbreaking after the commissioning stage last November.  According to the mayor, by achieving housing justice, individuals who may otherwise find living in the city unaffordable will be able to rent quality housing at affordable prices. By thinking urban aesthetics, new public housing projects will create aesthetic values to the city while keeping the old cultures.  The mayor hopes the citys public housing projects can help boost the smart architecture industry in Taiwan by incorporating intelligent technologies in the apartments. He added that these new buildings are designed to include multiple facilities and public spaces, such as activity centers, shops, and nurseries, to meet different local needs. 
As part of the Childrens Month program, the Citys ferry service  Blue Highway  will launch an event inviting kids to experience the fun of being a sailor dressed in pirate costumes!  The event starts March 15. Ferries which serve as venue for the activity depart at Dadaocheng Wharf.  Through role-play, the young sailors will be engaged in a series of missions both onshore and onboard the vessel. The interactive games will allow participants to learn more about the attractions of Blue Highway and the rivers ecosystem. The cruise, which offers children an opportunity to serve people as they assume the role of the ships crew members, also carries educational purposes.   Not only can they experience what its like to be a seafarer, pair participants (one adult and one kid under 12 years of age) who sign up for the cruise will get a capsule toy while stock lasts. The toy is available in four designs, including Captain Grey Heron, Chief Mate Mudskipper, Sailor Fiddler Crab, and Sailboat.  In addition to Youngster Pirate Camp, the ferry service also features cruises spotlighting various themes throughout Childrens Month such as Dadaocheng Historical Site Mini Trip + Tamsui River Cruising and Dadaocheng at Sunset.  The Public Transportation Office invites those interested in exploring river scenaries of Taipei to register for a mini trip through the waterway. Cruise information can be found at www.riverfun.net (Chinese) or the Facebook fan page .
The City has ordered the eradication of two batches of chickens infected with the highly pathogenic avian influenza H5N2 at Taipei Poultry Wholesale Market, after confirmation of positive test results by Animal Health Research Institute on March 5.   On March 3, Taipei Poultry Wholesale Market reported irregularities found in two batches of red-feathered Taiwan country chickens sourced from a poultry farm in Dacheng Township of Changhua County. Bird flu symptoms such as flushed skin, bleeding under the skin of shanks, and swollen eyes were noted during the slaughter process and identified by veterinarians on duty.  The Animal Protection Office (APO) and the Keelung Branch of Bureau of Animal and Plant Health Inspection and Quarantine were notified immediately of the cases while samples were being dispatched for testing.  A total of 65 chickens were discarded in addition to the 3 chickens delivered to the labs. Follow-up monitoring and investigation procedures have been implemented by animal disease prevention authorities at both the municipal and national levels.  To prevent the spread of bird flu, APO urges poultry farms to strengthen measures to keep chickens warm and protect them from hazards such as rapid temperature fluctuations. The public is also advised to avoid contacting and feeding wild avians, eat fully-cooked poultry, and purchase poultry from certified sources.
Since 2000, Taipei City Hospital has been dispatching optometrists to Lienchiang County every other week, serving locals living at four villages and five isles across the county.  According to Taipei City Hospital Superintendent Huang Sheng-Jean, the hospitals low vision specialist team is visiting Lienchiang from March 5 through March 9 to provide low vision evaluation and promote the use of supportive devices.  The team consists of experts in eye care, assistive devices, and rehabilitation. The program seeks to provide one-stop services spanning early intervention, diagnosis and treatment, surgeries and medication, counselling, evaluation and prescription of appropriate aids, employment counselling, as well as orientation and mobility instruction.  Low vision is visual impairment which cannot be corrected through methods such as surgeries, medication, or glasses. It is usually caused by age-related degeneration, eye diseases, or damage to the eye. People with low vision still retain some useful eyesight but may experience difficulties performing daily tasks.  Among the 12,000 inhabitants of Lienchiang County, 38 individuals hold the certificate of blindness or visual impairment. The specialized team will begin with evaluation and training for the 38 patients. House-calls are arranged in the case where patients are homebound due to mobility issues.
Following the success of last years campaign, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) will re-launch the City/County Week campaign for the Maokong Gondola between March 13 and May 13.  Individuals who ride the gondola during the week designated to the municipality where he/she is domiciled will be eligible for the NT$50 per ride offer (no limit regarding the distance travelled). To purchase the discounted ticket, passengers need to present ID documents indicating respective residency at any of the information counters across the Maokong Gondola network.  While enjoying the lift, exploring the beauty of Maokong, and sampling local delicacies and teas, visitors can learn more about the area by listening to informative commentary from audio guides or mobile phones. Audio guides are available free of charge at the Taipei Zoo Station. A NT$ 500 deposit will be required at the time of pick-up and refunded upon return of the device. Visitors may also scan the QR code from the official DM to access the recorded introduction.  For more information about the Maokong Gondola service, please visit http://www.gondola.taipei/ (Chinese) or http://www.metro.taipei/ (Chinese), or call the TRTC 24-hour customer service hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizen Hotline.    Maokong Gondola City/County Week Campaign   Municipality Period     Keelung City March 13  March 25   New Taipei City   Taoyuan City   Hsinchu County/City   Miaoli County   Nantou County March 27- April 15 			 			Except April 1, 4-8   Taichung City   Changhua County   Yunlin County   Chiayi County/City   Tainan City April 17  29   Kaohsiung City   Pingtung County   Yilan County May 1 - 13   Hualien County   Taitung County   Penghu County   Kinmen County   Lienchiang County       
The city government announced a venture with Amazon Web Services (AWS) on March 6 to promote the use of big data, a project that will allow Taiwan to strengthen its connection with the world through industry-government-academia collaboration.  The seven universities participating in the project include National Taiwan University, National Taipei University, University of Taipei, National Tsing Hua University, Feng Chia University, National Cheng Kung University, and National Dong Hwa University.  The city government has enrolled in the AWS Public Data Set program through the partnership. As a result, anyone can access and analyze big data shared by the city government utilizing AWS cloud services or other tools.  A total of 18 datasets, which are now available for applications, span info about bus arrival time, parking space availability, AirBox, among others. The seven universities also enjoy access to the AWS Educate program, which provides cloud services regarding AI and data analytics for educational purposes.   Application and analyzation of big data has become a global trend helping to stimulate the development of data economy, noted Deputy Mayor Charles Lin. Taipei City Government is the first in Asia to join the AWS Public Data Set program, which is also utilized by NASA, U.S. Census Bureau, and Human Genome Project.   Information Technology Commissioner Lee Wei-bin believes that the initiative -- integrating Taipeis open data, AI, data analytics, and IT talent empowerment -- will be conducive to the island accumulating its smart capital while speeding up industrial development.   Please visit https://taipeicity.github.io/data_taipei(Chinese) to learn more about the datasets available now through Taipei City-AWS collaboration. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je inaugurated the Expo Hall Inclusive Playground at the Fine Arts Park Area of Taipei Expo Park on March 2. He also joined physically-challenged children in exploring the new facilities.  Having undergone a lengthy design process since February 2017 involving five workshops and more than ten meetings, the overhauled playground ensures that the opinions from all parties have been taken into account.  Adorned with butterfly and caterpillar motifs, kids play an important role in providing design ideas for the playground. The playground boasts amenities not seen anywhere on the island, including wheelchair swings, tactile maps for the visually-impaired, and others.  According to the mayor, a total of 431 Taipeis parks are equipped with playgrounds. The city government embarked on establishing accessible playgrounds across the city, seeking to accommodate people with different needs and provide entertainment for all.  The mayor pointed out that an inclusive playground possesses three characteristics: participation, design, and inclusiveness. Participation means contributions of opinions from both experts and locals Design suggests planning in the context of local culture and history Inclusiveness, on the other hand, indicates that the amenities should cater to needs of individuals spanning newborns to 99-year-olds, as well as those with disabilities.   Touting that Taiwan is brimming with design momentum, Ko believes a good way to nurture budding local designers is through enrolling them in public works projects like the inclusive playground. He added that the City aims to expand the number of such facilities from 17 to 31 by the end of 2019.  
Around 200 cyclists from 24 teams worldwide are expected to compete during the first stage event of the Tour De Taiwan. The competition will take place from 9 AM to noon on Sunday, March 11.   Traffic measures will be in force along the race route before and during the event. The following is the schedule of the traffic control:   City Hall Road (between Songgao and Songshou Road): Four lanes on the east side will be closed to traffic from 11:00 to midnight, March 10. The lane on the west may be used as the reversible lane, subject to the actual traffic flow. All lanes will be closed to traffic from midnight, March 10 to 17:00, March 11. Xinyi No. 1 Road: All lanes will be closed from 8:00 to 12:00, March 11. Renai Road (All sections): The central fast-traffic lane and bus lane will be closed from 7:00 to 12:00, March 11. Songgao Road (between City Hall Road and Yixian Road): Four lanes on the south side will be closed to traffic from 8:00 to 12:00, March 11. The lane on the north side will remain open for westbound traffic. Yixian Road (between Songgao and Renai Road): All lanes will be closed from 8:00 to 12:00, March 11. Yixian Road (between Zhongxiao East Road and Songgao Road): Southbound lanes will be closed to traffic from 8:00 to 12:00, March 11. Songshou Road: (between Xinyi No. One Road and City Hall Road): Four lanes on the north side will be closed from 8:00 to 12:00, March 11. The lane on the south side will remain open for eastbound traffic. 	  Drivers are advised to be aware of the traffic control measures and reroute. Bus service in the control area will be suspended during the race. For information on diverted bus routes, please check the Public Transportation Office website http://www.pto.gov.taipei/ (Chinese).
A grand parade consisting of more than 1800 performers from 62 teams took place in the evening of March 3. The event marked the end of the 2018 Taipei Lantern Festival. Thousands of people crowded into Ximending to take part in the festivity, which was also attended by Mayor Ko and his wife.  Five themes were presented in the parade, which showcased professional performances, floats designed by theater artists and visual designers, Taipeis cultural diversity, and Taiwans Universiade athletes, noted the mayor. A major eye-catcher was the one-hundred-and-one dogs that took part in the parade to celebrate the Year of the Dog.  During his address, the mayor expressed gratitude to those working behind the scenes and all members of the audience for making the festival successful once again.  After the parade, Ko invited the crowd to join in the finale event taking place at venues around the North Gate and along Zhonghua Road. At 8:20 PM, thousands of people were asked to hold up their cell phones as flashlights and lanterns for a birds-eye photo which formed a dog-shaped pattern with all the illumination, putting a beautiful end to the fest.
A series of countermeasures against air pollution were implemented by the city government on March 3 as air quality in the western and northern parts of the island continues to deteriorate  with five of Taipeis monitoring stations reporting red levels, noted the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP).  The air quality index (AQI), based on the amount of PM2.5 concentrations, reached an alarming level exceeding 150  meaning that the polluted air could be detrimental to public health.  As part of the response mechanism, Linkou and Hsieh-ho power plants reduced electricity output by 1090 MW and 180 MW respectively between 7 AM and 5 PM on March 3. The measures were implemented following discussions between Taiwan Power Company and Environmental Protection Administration at the request of DEP.  Other measures include inspections at construction sites and premises of dining business roadside vehicle checks targeting motorcycles and diesel trucks increase of street cleaning operations self-administered emission management by factories, and more.  According to DEP, a drop in the concentration level of air pollutants was reported in the afternoon of March 5. However, due to lack of air movements in stable atmospheric conditions affecting pollutant dispersion, the AQI could still exceed 100 through March 5.  The city government advises residents to take public transportation to help cut emissions and wear a facial mask when traveling outside. People with allergies should avoid outdoor activities.  For information about air quality of the island, please visit https://taqm.epa.gov.tw/taqm/en/default.aspx
Mayor Ko Wen-je called on residents to take advantage of the Citys public transportation incentive program while helping reduce air pollution in a press event on March 1.  In a quiz session, he joined his impersonator and comedian Kuo Chi-chien, dressed in identical outfit, in answering questions regarding a point collection scheme to promote use of EasyCard on public transport.   Citing his own experience, Ko pointed out that commuting on bus in Taipei doesnt take much time, especially if one uses the city-developed iTAP () app to access information on bus arrival time.   The city government launched the Green Transportation Day campaign in December 2016, encouraging the public to take public transportation means every Friday during rush hours, Ko pointed out. Granting one point per ride as a reward, the scheme has been so well-received that the scope of the Green Transportation Day will now be expanded to cover HSR, TRA, and MRT services, benefiting commuters across the island while contributing to countering the effects of air pollution.  Details of the 2018 Green Transportation Point Collection program are as follows:  Individuals who take green transportation means (including HSR, TRA, Taipei MRT, Kaohsiung MRT, Taoyuan MRT, buses, YouBike, and ferries) and pay the fare by EasyCard will receive a UUPON point for every five rides  transfers between different transportation means also count.  As a bonus, EasyCard users will receive a point for every ride on the islands green transportation systems on Friday. The UUPON points can be redeemed to gain discounts at a wide range of services, spanning retailing, banking, online shopping platforms, and others. The promotion runs from January 1 through December 31, 2018.   To learn more, visit https://www.easycard.com.tw/offer?cls=1506473503,1508721884,1506473519,&id=1516270353 (Chinese). 
From now through May 31, Taipei Arena Ica Land is offering spring specials.  White Valentines Day Romance Package for Two is available on weekdays between March 7 and 14 at a discount price of NTD 520 (down from NTD 760). This package includes tickets to a two-hour skating session, skates and protective gear hire, and two free pairs of gloves. Purchasers can join a prize draw to win a voucher for free Cheogajip fried chicken. Five lucky winners will be announced on Taipei Arena website on March 16.  Through May 31, those making weekday group reservations of 20 or more can enjoy free admission for two. Wednesday package for two is available at NTD 499, which includes tickets to a two-hour session and skates and protective gear hire. There are also three weekend packages for one guest, available at NTD 370, NTD 270 (children between 7 and 12 years), and NTD 170 (children under 6). All include a ticket to a two-hour session and skates and gear rental.  Taipei Arena Ice Land is equipped with world-class skating rink and offers a wide range of skating lessons. The facility has just completed renovation in order to enhance guests skating experience. Dont miss out on the offers!  For more information, call at Taipei Metros 24-hour line at (02) 2181-2345. For callers in Taipei City, dial 1999 for Taipei City Citizen Hotline. For those outside Taipei City, please dial (02) 2720-8889.  You can also check Taipei Arena website (http://www.arena.taipei/)(Chinese) or visit Taipei Metro website (https://www.metro.taipei/)(Chinese).
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the memorial ceremony organized by the central government on the 71st anniversary of the 228 Incident. Other dignitaries in attendance include President Tsai Ing-wen, Premier Lai Ching-te, and families of victims.  In his speech, the mayor remarked that the impact and trauma the incident caused to families of victims is beyond words and he hopes that the society of Taiwan could soon recover from the pain.  Ko recalled a recent meeting with two Nobel Peace laureates  Lech Walesa, who led the Solidarity movement to overthrow the Polish communist government, and Messaoud Romdhani, who helped push Tunisias democratization after Jasmine Revolution. He asked them for advice on how to resolve internal conflict and move towards democracy and freedom and they both answered through peaceful dialogue.  Mayor Ko noted that even after seventy-one years and with many aggressors and victims deceased, there is still a haunting shadow for the surviving families of both victims and aggressors. He furthered, without a mechanism for peaceful dialogue, transitional justice has been slow to be achieved, leading to the publics inability to frankly face history and move on together. The mayor believes that confronting the problem is the first step to solving it. He urged all related documents to be publicized for the victims families to know the full truth, for the academia and civic communities to study, and for the public to understand. If we can face the truth and engage in peaceful dialogue, the same mistake can be avoided, the problems we now share can be solved, and our common future can be built. At the end of his address, the mayor stressed that Taiwan is our only home and that we should keep positive and work together for our future.
The Citys ombudsmen joined officials of the Executive Yuans Consumer Protection Committee in conducting inspections at various supermarkets on February 26, amid speculation of the imminent hike of toilet paper prices that has triggered a panic run on the lifes basic necessity.  Targeted retailers include Carrefour Nangang Store, A.mart Zhongxiao Store, and RT-Mart Zhonglun Store. The inspections found that there were ample supplies of tissue paper and related products at the supermarkets and showed no report of price increases.  A survey carried out by the Department of Economic Development (DED) indicated that supermarket chains such as A.mart, Carrefour, and PX Mart have put in place regular sale promotions for their respective tissue paper sections. Promotion events slated for March will not be cancelled, while depleted tissue paper products will be restocked soon. Price adjustments, if any, have yet to be announced pending negotiations between the retailers and tissue paper suppliers.  The public is urged not to panic buy toilet paper. The city government is closely monitoring the price fluctuations of the household staple. Any indication of price-fixing or illegal marketing activities will result in investigation and prosecution by the Fair Trade Commission against the parties involved.  The Fair Trade Act imposes a fine of NT$50 million on those convicted of price fixing, DED noted.
The Citys startups are invited to apply for the 2018 program subsidizing entrepreneurial teams to participate in foreign startup incubator projects, sponsored by Department of Economic Development (DED).  Applications will be accepted between February 26 and March 31. The period during which qualified startups are granted to go overseas is from May 1 to December 10, 2018.  Launched in June 2016, the program aims to encourage Taipeis startups to get enrolled in incubators and seed accelerators located in foreign countries, and to engage in international entrepreneurial events, so as to gain access to more resources that will help them grow and flourish.  According to DED Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh, companies registered in Taipei (excluding Taipei-based multinational companies) for less than five years are eligible to apply. The incentive scheme covers flight tickets, incubator admission fees, booth rental fess, tuition fees, and event admission tickets  granting as high as NT$500,000 in cash subsidies.   Applicants are recommended to take part in some of the most prominent entrepreneurial events including TECH IN ASIA, Disrupt, Web Summit, and Slush, as well as seeking to join foreign incubators and seed accelerators such as 500 Startups, StartX, Techstars, and Y Combinator.  For application form download, visit http://www.doed.taipei.gov.tw (Chinese) or https://www.startup.taipei/ (Chinese). Call 1999 Citizen Hotline, ext. 4542, 6498 for inquiries about the subsidy program. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je pledged more support for local pro gaming industry at the opening event of HolyLand eSports Festival on February 26.   During his address, Ko pointed out that new industries are springing up in the rapidly-changing world, competitive video gaming among one of them. Confronted with the challenges in terms of industrial development, the City adopts a stance that encourages the private sector to take the initiative with the governments backing. Industries with promising prospects will receive more resources and investment from the city government, Ko added.  The industry of eSports involves many aspects, from multiplayer video game competitions, computer hardware, associations hosting eSports tournaments, pro gamers, media coverage, and more.  Taiwan has a gaming population of approximately 7 million, while Taipei tops cities around the world in the time spent on watching broadcasts of eSports tournaments. As Taiwan also possesses strengths in manufacturing computer hardware, home to a number of big name computer companies, the island has great potentials to develop eSports.    The mayor believes that more effort is needed to strengthen the capabilities of local eSports industry in designing and developing video games. A sound environment to nurture eSports talent should also be created to ensure that professional gamers, after retirement, still have plenty of career options available, for example becoming a coach, tournament host, commentator, or others.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening of the 2018 Taipei Lantern Festival. He appeared on stage carrying a conductors baton and leading a team of percussionists during the opening ceremony, joined by a group of dancing Pikachus.  During his address, the mayor mentioned that the city government changed the venue of the Taipei Lantern Festival to Ximending for the first time in 2017. The move successfully infused youthful vitality into the traditional festivities. Furthermore, with the completion of the North Gate Plaza this year and the renovation of historical buildings in the neighborhood, this also adds cultural elements to the event.  Ko stressed that visitors will be able to enjoy the historical sites during daytime and the lanterns in the evening. They can also drop by the commercial districts in the area for snacks and fun. He emphasized culture and class as the most important aspects of the event.  Praising many people for their efforts, the mayor pointed out that each exhibition area showcases the potential of local design teams. The capabilities of Taiwanese designers have been spotlighted during the Universiade in 2017 the city government seeks to repeat the success again at this years lantern festival.  He emphasized that the lantern festival is not only an event for young people, but also a place where they can bring their kids and elders from their families. He referred to the main lantern of the event  Happy Magical Dogs  as representing the spirit of this years lantern festival: working hand-in-hand to safeguard our homeland and promoting harmony.  At the end of his speech, the mayor expressed his gratitude to both Deputy Mayor Chen Chin-jun and Tourism and Information Commissioner Chen Su-yu for their effort in implementing the event. He praised the efforts of the staff of TPEDOIT for working long hours to ensure the success of this years Taipei Lantern Festival.
Mayor Ko Wen-je participated in the traditional birthday event celebrating the first birthday of 50 infants at Lin An Tai Historical House & Museum on February 25. The ceremony involves activities such as drawing lots (for predicting the babys vocational inclination) and anti-drooling practices.   Describing Taipei as a city boasting cultural characteristics, the mayor made a case for preserving traditions as the capital strives to transform itself into an innovation-embracing metropolis open to new ideas and new cultural infrastructure.    Holding birthday ceremonies for one-year-olds at Lin An Tai Historical House and Museum is especially meaningful, as the venue is one of the most long-standing and well-preserved historical residences in Taipei, Ko noted.  He also expressed his gratitude to all the parents and kids who enrolled in the event for playing a role to boost the Citys low birth rates. According to Ko, the number of families registering for the newborn lot drawing services at the facility is set to exceed 10,000 by the end of 2018.    Asked by the media about the possibility of increasing the amount of cash payment as birth incentive, the mayor reckoned that city government places more emphasis on helping parents relieve the burden of childrearing. An additional NT$200 million will be required to expand the scope of the kindergarten tuition fee subsidy to cover three-year-olds the policy currently benefits four-year-old kids or above.  He added that the biggest hurdle faced by Taipei in the implementation of child-rearing policies is to secure land for establishing daycare facilities.
One of the highlights of this years Taipei Lantern Festival is the special lantern area sponsored by Saint Christopher and Nevis. This is the first time for the nation located in the Caribbean to take part in Taipeis lantern festival celebration.  Ambassador Jasmin E. Huggins joined Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji in the inauguration of the main lantern created in the image of the Caribbean nations UNESCO World Heritage Site - the Brimstone Hill Fortress. Teng showed an immense interest in the structure after admiring the lantern display, expressing his wish to see the real thing when he has a chance to go.  According to Ambassador Huggins, Saint Christopher and Nevis is taking part in the Taipei Lantern Festival to both celebrate the 35th anniversary of the establishment of official ties between her country and Taiwan and to provide the public with an opportunity to learn more about her country.  The Brimstone Hill Fortress is located inside the 3,800-squaremeter Brimstone Hill Fortress National Park in Saint Christopher and Nevis. The structure was designed by British engineers and built by African slaves in 1690. The site offers a great view of the surrounding islands of Nevis, St. Eustatius, Saba, and St. Barts.  In addition to the fortress lantern, individuals visiting Saint Christopher and Nevis lantern area located at the intersection of Zhonghua Road and Wucheng Street Section 1 will also receive a small souvenir by taking a photo of themselves with the life-size cardboard cutouts of people dressed in the island nations ethnic garb, uploading the photo to any social media, and answering a question about Saint Christopher and Nevis correctly.  The 2018 Taipei Lantern Festival is taking place in the area between North Gate and Ximending between February 24 and March 4. For more information regarding the event, please visit the Chinese official website: https://2018.lanternfestival.taipei/
Mayor Ko Wen-je raised the curtains for the 2018 Yangmingshan Flower Festival on February 22.  During his address, he pointed out that Yangmingshan is well-known for both its natural and historical landscape, with a plethora of historical traces awaiting visitors via an uphill hike from Zhongshan Hall.  Boasting blooming flowers with the advent of spring, the Yangminshan Park attracts an influx of tourists from both home and abroad this time of the year. In 2017 alone, the number of visitors reached 1.3 million, Ko remarked. He added that a 32-day event marathon at Guangfu Building featuring photography contests, as well as reading and drawing activities, also serves as a nice option for recreational purposes.   Members of the public are advised to take public transportation when visiting Yangmingshan for a more satisfying flower-watching experience, Ko added.  Optimistic about the number of visitors showing up for this years flower festival, the mayor noted that its all about creating a pleasant atmosphere, citing the well-received chrysanthemum exhibition at the Shilin Official Residence last year. He reckoned that more budgets should be invested on enhancing the design of future parks in a bid to boost urban aesthetics and to attract more talented designers.    Asked whether the city government has plans to lure more tourists from countries with warm climate to Taipeis spring floral showcases, Ko replied that measures are in place to monitor the number of visitor arrivals from China, Japan, South Korea, and South Asian Countries. The results will serve as reference for determining the target group in promotion campaigns for next year.
Have you ever caught Pokmons near a temple? Do you know that the Taipei Lantern Festival this year also features displays of lanterns at local temples?  Marking an unprecedented collaboration, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) announced that the City has joined hands with 12 local temples to launch the Pokmon Go map, allowing visitors to catch elusive Pokmon creatures through a setting mixing tradition with modernity, as well as merging VR with reality.  Co-organizers include some of the most well-known and long-standing temples such as Ciyou Temple, Taipei-FuChenghuang Temple, Songshan Ci Hui Temple, Taiwan Provincial City God Temple, Taipei Tianhou Temple, Lungshan Temple, Bangka Qingshan Temple, Taipei Xia-Hai City God Temple, Baoan Temple, Zhinan Temple, Guandu Temple, and Cixian Temple.  Players of the game can access the Temple Lantern Area x Pokmon Map by scanning the QR code in the lantern festival brochure or by visiting the official activity website at https://2018.lanternfestival.taipei/ (Chinese).  The map also contains information on Temple Lantern Area, as well as details about the locations of Pokmon gyms and PokeStops. Visitors are invited to go after the Pokmon while embarking on a trip to discover hidden attractions in the vicinity of the temples.  TPEDOIT pointed out that although there wont be exclusive items available for collection on the Pokmon map, vistors can expect to encounter big Pokmons on the streets of Ximending on the opening day and the weekend parade marking Chinese Lantern Festival.
Starting today, visitors seeking to purchase FunPass Taipei will have the additional option of securing a copy at the service counter of Lion Travel at the second terminal building of Taoyuan International Airport.  Since sales began last November, the FunPass Taipei card has received positive acclaim from international tourists. The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) has decided to boost the availability of the pass. The counter at the airport is the second location to pick up or purchase the card, in addition to the exiting counter at Lion Travels counter at Taipei Railway Station.  The Funpass Taipei is available in two forms: the basic transportation pass and the premium pass. This is a great option for visitors who plan to travel the greater Taipei area (Taipei, New Taipei, and Keelung) during their stay on the island.  In addition to establishing the convenient location for visitors to purchase and pick up their passes, the city government is also joining hands with Chunghwa Telecom to offer the first 1,000 international tourists purchasing or picking up the pass at the airport counter a free 5-day prepaid 4G card. These lucky winners will need to show a passport (from any country other than Taiwan) and a second ID document (for example: visa or international student ID) when they collect their prize.  For more information on locations to purchase or pick up Funpass Taipei cards, please visit the official Funpass Taipei website: https://funpass.travel.taipei/
With the island seeing an increase of earthquakes in recent days, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced earthquake response SOPs, urging MRT riders to remain calm and follow instructions of staff members in the case of serious tremors.  TRTC noted that seismometers have been installed at ten locations across the metro system, including MRT Tamsui, Beitou, and Jiantan stations, as well as Taipei City Traffic Information Center, to monitor quake activities and prompt action accordingly.  The SOPs outline measures to be taken depending on the different levels of seismic activities:  1. Intensity level 1: Operations unaffected.  2. Intensity level 2 to 3: Trains will come to a halt temporarily before restarting to run at reduced speeds. Normal operations will resume if no system abnormalities are detected.   3. Intensity level 4: Trains will come to a halt temporarily before restarting to run at reduced speeds. Passengers will be asked to alight at the nearest station. Services will resume after checkups have been conducted along MRT tracks and at facilities to ensure operation safety.   4. Intensity 5 and 5+: Trains will come to a halt temporarily before restarting to run at reduced speeds. Passengers will be asked to alight at the nearest station. Services will resume after checkups have been conducted along MRT tracks and at facilities to ensure operation safety. The Department of Rapid Transit Systems will be notified of the situation, while safety checks will be carried out at key infrastructure across the MRT network during after-hours.  For more inquiries, please call the TRTC 24-hour hotline (02)218-12345 or visit the official website https://www.metro.taipei/ (Chinese). 
On the fifth day of Chinese New Year (February 20), Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived at Guanghua Digital Plaza to attend the Chinese New Year Group Greeting event. He noted that Guanghua Market has a long history and is one of Taipeis tourist attractions and leading marketplaces.  On behalf of the city government, the mayor expressed his gratitude to the audience who took time to take part in the ceremony marking the start of a new year. He noted that many tourists choose to visit the market for its wide selection of ICT products, which is one of the strengths of local industry.  According to the mayor, Guanghua Digital Plaza is not only a place to purchase electronic products, but also a tourist attraction as well. He hopes that the vendors can build upon this solid foundation. He pointed out that the organizers have prepared 168 red envelopes for the audience, including ones with a discount coupon for NT$6,000.  Ko pointed out that electronics have become a necessity for our daily life. He encourages young people to visit the market after receiving their red envelop money, to purchase tools they might need before school starts again. It is also a place where they can meet fellow young friends like themselves.  Noting that it is the fifth day of Chinese New Year, he also offers his prayers to the victims of the recent earthquake in Hualian and to the residents of Taipei City, hoping for a year of prosperity and happiness. 
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that Taipei Childrens Amusement Park (TCAP) will launch a one-day pass starting February 14. The special ticket seeks to satisfy the demand ignited by the introduction of the Chinese New Year admission package consisting of offers by TCAP, Taipei Astronomical Museum, and National Taiwan Science Education Center, which has gained unexpected popularity over the past few weeks.  Visitors can use the one-day pass to access No. 1-13 rides for unlimited times at the amusement park. The special ticket will be available through December 31, 2018.  During holidays  as well as summer and winter breaks  the one-day pass for the general public is priced at NT$180 (individuals aged 12 or older) the concessionary pass is NT$150 (individuals aged 2 to 12). Further discounts will be implemented on weekdays, with the former reduced to NT$120 and the latter down to NT$100.  According to TRTC, the CNY admission package rolled out in January has been well-received, with total sales exceeding 25,000 sets. Considering the capacity limit of the Taipei Astronomical Museum, no more additional package ticket sets will be available after the current stock runs out.  The public is also advised to make the most out of their visit at the facility by downloading the TCAP () app. The booking in advance option of the software will save them much time lining up for the rides.  To download of the app, visit Google Play on Android or App Store on iOS system. The app is also accessible by scanning the QR code on the TCAP website (http://www.tcap.taipei/)(Chinese).  For further inquiries, please call the 24-hour hotline (02) 218-12345 or visit the website of TRTC at http://www.metro.taipei/ (Chinese)
With Chinese New Year around the corner, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited the Dazhi, Zhongshan, and Jiangguo Taxi Driver Rest Areas to wish taxi drivers a happy new year. He also handed out red envelopes containing prosperity money to the drivers, thanking them for providing people living in Greater Taipei Area with convenient transportation all year round.  According to the Public Transportation Office (PTO), to allow hardworking taxi drivers to find a place to relax and rest up, the city government established 6 taxi driver rest areas across Taipei. Together, the rest areas offer a total of 416 parking spaces for cabs.  These facilities also offer access to free WIFI, charging for electronic products, blood pressure monitors, tire inflators, and mobile power devices for car rescue. Taxi drivers are able to utilize the restrooms and shower rooms, as well as rest, drink water, read books and watch TVs at the rest area. Personnel also provide services such as legal consultation, registration for annual health checkup, and composite checkup for metabolic syndrome.  PTO noted that taxies form an important part of the transportation network for the Greater Taipei Area. These vehicles provide transportation services to over 1 million people in the region each day.  Due to the long hours of work driving vehicles around the city, these taxi drivers require a place to recover from fatigue. The taxi driver rest areas serve such need, thereby enhancing the safety for people who take the taxis as well. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je unveiled the main lanternHappy Magical Dogs--for the 2018 Taipei Lantern Festival on February 12.  Consisting of three Taiwanese dogs holding hands in a circle, the main lantern is about three-floors-tall (including the pedestal). Each of the canines is painted with unique totems and colors carrying different meanings.  The golden dog Go Forward stands for the fearless spirit of Taiwan and its maritime people. The silver dog Go Together signifies the islands inclusive culture that embraces people from different backgrounds. The red dog Go Future, bearing Ketagalan totems, denotes Taiwans indigenous culture.  The value of happiness has always been held in high esteem by citizens of Taipei, the mayor reckoned. From the mini-lantern to the main lantern, the theme of happiness prevails and he wishes everyone a happy Year of the Dog.  Ko added that with the implementation of West District Gateway Project, this years lantern festival also features a plethora of historical and humanistic attractions, spanning North Gate Plaza, Taipei Railway Department, Taipei Post Office, and MitsuiWarehouse, among other historical sites dating back to Qing Dynasty and Japanese colonial period.  There will be nine lantern exhibition zones at this years event, including Ximen Performance Area, Beimen Performance Area, City Art Museum Area, Freestyle Creativity Area, Sea of Lights area, Blessings Lantern Area, Nishi Hongaji Relics Creativity Area, Friendly Exchange Area, and Student Creativity Area.  A-fu, the curator of the lantern feast and a member of the Taiwanese indie band Sodagreen, noted that visitors can expect to be amazed by elements mixing pop culture with tradition and technology, as well as integrating eco-concepts. Ximending promises to transform into a Street Music Hall with performances fitting the various themes of the lantern areas, he said.  Website of the 2018 Taipei Lantern Festival: https://2018.lanternfestival.taipei/en/ 
Due to the upcoming Chinese New Year holiday, the Hydraulic Engineering Office announced adjustments to the opening hours of riverside bicycle rental stations during this period.  A total of 10 riverside bicycle stations will remain open during this period, including: Dajia, Guandu, Meiti, Dadaocheng, Jingfu, Machangting, Muzha, Guanshan, Caihong, and Shuangxi rental stations.  The hours of the rental stations are as follows:     Date Hours     Feb. 15 (CNY Eve) 9 AM  5 PM   Feb. 16 (CNY Day) 9 AM  7 PM   Feb. 17  20  Weekend & Holiday Schedule     Likewise, a total of 10 bicycle rental stations along the riverside of New Taipei City will be open during the CNY period. These include: Tamsui, Bitan, Bali, Yangguang, Huajiang, Fuzhou, Yonghe, Chenglu, Erzhong, and Xinyue rental stations.  The hours of the rental stations in New Taipei City are as follows:     Date Hours     Feb. 15 (CNY Eve) Closed   Feb. 16 - 17 8 AM  7 PM   Feb. 18 Regular Hours     The charge for bicycle rental during the CNY period will be weekend and holiday rates.  For questions, please call the customer service hotline: Taipei City: (02) 2258-7425 or (02) 2720-8889, ext. 8183 New Taipei City: (02) 8978-5099 or (02) 8969-9596, ext. 205 
The theme lantern taking part in the parade of the upcoming 2018 Taipei Lantern Festival made its debut during a press event on February 10.  The gigantic art piece  drawing inspiration from a golden striped Taiwanese dog--- stands valiantly on a sophisticatedly-made float, safeguarding what appears to be a pyramid symbolizing Qixing Mountain on the island. It is the first time the main lantern has incorporated the art of Yi Qing Gea unique form of art that blends Taiwans temple culture with street graffiti. The float, outfitted with LED lighting and exuding a splendidly fusion style feel, is a bold undertaking that mixes the traditional with the modern.  The designers behind the project include street artists A-fu from Taipei Diverse Art Space Youth Development Association, as well as Ximending-based artists Vastar and Colasa.  According to Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) Commissioner Chen His-yu, the city government takes a supportive stance for localized, internationalized, and industrialized approach to holding all kinds of city events, referring to the anime-themed lantern festival last year that garnered accolades among the younger generations.  Chen expressed her gratitude to the craftsmen who are working in full swing to prepare lanterns for the show. She also thanked the film crew members of GATAO 2-The New Leader Rising for showing up at the press event to promote the lantern feast.  The 2018 Taipei Lantern Festival will take place at the west district from February 24 through March 4. Please visit the official website of the event to learn more: https://2018.lanternfestival.taipei/en/#
Accompanied by the staff from the Department of Economic Development and Markets Administration Office, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited Rongbin Commercial District on February 11.  The mayor wished local merchants and shoppers an early Happy Chinese New Year. He noted that with only a few days left till Chinese New Years Eve, many households are preparing for their respective Chinese New Years Eve dinner.  During his address at the sales event, the mayor praised the marketplace for its vast choice of Chinese New Year goods  from dried produce to specialty ingredients. Being one of the most important festivals in Chinese culture, preparation for the meal is a very serious matter. The advantage of Rongbin Commercial District is the wide variety of selections that allows shoppers to pick up what they need in one place.  As a part of the event, Ko joined an Italian cuisine chef in preparing an exotic dish using local ingredients. He noted that it is important to try out innovations, as well as bringing people from the younger generations to the marketplace and purchase local produce.  Ko also presided over a quiz event and raffle-drawing activity, picking out the winner of rare ingredients worth up to NT$10,000. He also handed out prosperity red envelopes to shoppers, wishing every one good luck and fortune in the Year of the Dog.
Wondering where to spend the Chinese New Year holiday? Shilin Official Residence invites the public to be immersed in a vast sea of tulips.  Taking place between February 13 and 28, the 2018 Shilin Official Residence Tulip Exhibition incorporates installations of windmills, wooden shoes, among other Dutch elements to complement the beauty of the brightly colored flowers.   The showcase is the first of its kind to be held by Shilin Official Residence, one of the most popular recreational destinations in Taipei. The facility, expecting an influx of tourists during the Chinese New Year, has introduced unique and rarely seen species to the exhibition, promising to bring visitors a whole new different conception of what tulips should look like.  According to Horticulture Management Division of Parks and Street Lights Office, a photography contest has been launched to promote the event. Individuals submitting tulip-themed pictures captured at the exhibition will have a chance of winning vouchers with value as high as NT$5,000!  2018 Shilin Official Residence Tulip Exhibition  Encounter with the Netherlands Date: February 13 - 28 Opening Hours: 8 AM  7 PM Venue: Western Style Garden at Shilin Official Residence Transportation: *MRT Shilin Station, Exit 2, a 7-minute walk *Bus Stops: Taipower Taipei North Branch, Shilin Official Residence, or Xiaobei Street  
Mayor Ko Wen-je visited the citys wholesale fish market, as well as the fruits and vegetables market in the early morning of February 9. He took the opportunity to deliver his Chinese New Year well wishes to the vendors.  Accompanied by Department of Economic Development Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh and Market Administration Office Director Sheu Shyuan-mou, the mayor offered his prayers at the Saint of War Shrine and Earth God Temple near the markets, hoping that the coming year will be one with prosperity and happiness. He also prayed for the well-being of the earthquake victims in Hualien.  He also expressed his gratitude to the merchants whose hard work over the past year ensured abundant supply of fresh fishery products for city residents. Seeing the influx of shoppers at the fish market, the mayor wished the vendors booming business in the coming year.  Asked by the media whether his visit to the wholesale markets was out of concerns that there might be price fluctuations with the approach of the Chinese New Year, the mayor noted that the purpose of his visit was to wish everyone a prosperous year while inspecting the operations of the markets.
In a bid to encourage adoption of black dogs and reverse the unfavorable images often associated with them, the Animal Protection Office (APO) has initiated a campaign inviting dog owners to share pictures of their furkids to earn prizes. The event runs from February 8 through March 8.   Black dogs have been stereotyped as vicious and a symbol of bad luck, APO pointed out. Therefore, it takes an average of 420 days for a black canine kept at the Taipei Animal Shelter to find a home  longer than it takes for its counterparts with different hair colors.   In light of this, APO has mounted the Shine in Black campaign since October 2017 in collaboration with Era Ogilvy Public Relations and HohoAd, seeking to promote the cuteness and beauty of black dogs and correct peoples misconceptions of these lovable pets. The project involves photoshoot sessions for nine sheltered black dogs, one of them named Ella, whose pictures will appear on the LED advertising boards at MRT stations and bus stops.  As part of the program, pet owners are invited to post a photo shot containing their furkid and the dog Ellas cardboard cutout on the fan page of Taipei Animal Shelter https://www.facebook.com/tcapo.tas/ (Chinese) and tag five keywords. The first 81 participants will receive a souvenir. The organizers will hold a live streaming event on March 15 to choose 20 recipients for a special gift they will be selected from participants who have not won prizes in the event.    For more information on the event, visit the Chinese website of APO at http://www.tcapo.gov.taipei (Chinese)
With Chinese New Year around the corner, Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived at Dihua Street and Ningxia Night Market to greet shoppers and wish them a happy New Year on February 7. He also took the opportunity to offer his prayers at Xiahai City God Temple for the victims of the Hualien Earthquake and rescue workers.  During his address at Dihua Street, the mayor noted that the Chinese New Year Street Bazaar is one of the most symbolic Chinese New Year events with a long history. The theme of this years event is The Power of Chinese New Year You Dont Know About. Hopefully, visitors will be able to relive the wonderful Chinese New Year experience from the past and rediscover the holidays contents and values.  Ko remarked that he has visited the Xiahai City God Temple in the neighborhood to offer his prayers for those who suffered from the earthquake in Hualien and the rescue workers who are working at the scene. He hopes that everyone will be able to enjoy peace, health, and happiness in 2018.  The mayor also gave out prosperity tokens for the Year of the Dog to shoppers and passersby at the venue, wishing them all a Happy Chinese New Year.  According to Taipei City Office of Commerce, the Chinese New Year Street Bazaar is taking place between February 1 and 14. During this period, there will be a hands-on zone for people to experience traditional Chinese New Year activities at Dihua Street. Activity pamphlets are available at the various branches of Taipei Tourist Information Center, local district offices, and Yongle Market Plaza. Details are also available at the Chinese Facebook fan page of -in Taipei (https://www.facebook.com/tcooc/).
The public are advised to check out the availability of the Citys medical services for the upcoming Chinese New Holiday (February 15 and 20).  During the six-day-long vacation, a total of 22 hospitals and 7 Taipei City Hospital branches provide around-the-clock emergency service, while 2 community hospitals will remain open during designated times. Most medical facilities either suspend part or all of their outpatient services between February 15 and 19. Regular services will resume on February 20.   The Department of Health (DOH) also reminds people to pay heed to their health, avoid binge eating and stay warm during cold weather. Individuals experiencing symptoms such as fever, coughing, asthma, stomach pain, chest discomfort, or others should seek medical attention immediately to prevent exacerbation of the symptoms and complications.  In light of the severity of the influenza pandemic, DOH noted that an additional 127 outpatient sessions for flu treatment will be operating at eight hospitals. Free influenza vaccines are also available at a number of community clinics. More information can be found at the official website of DOH (https://goo.gl/53xSJo)(Chinese).   The health agency also reminds chronic disease patients to retain adequate supply of medications for the period. Those requiring medical attention are encouraged to go to the doctor at nearby clinics first for more efficient treatment and at the same time realizing the spirit of a sound medical referral system.  For information on the opening hours of medical institutions, download the National Health Insurance Express () app developed by the National Health Insurance Administration of the Ministry of Health and Welfare.  For information on medical service availability during CNY holiday, visit: https://health.gov.taipei/Portals/0/%E9%86%AB%E4%BA%8B%E7%AE%A1%E7%90%86%E7%A7%91/%E9%86%AB%E4%BA%8B%E5%93%81%E8%B3%AA%E8%82%A1/%E3%80%8C107%E5%B9%B4%E8%BE%B2%E6%9B%86%E6%98%A5%E7%AF%80%E8%87%BA%E5%8C%97%E5%B8%82%E5%90%84%E9%86%AB%E9%99%A2%E9%96%80%E3%80%81%E6%80%A5%E8%A8%BA%E6%8F%90%E4%BE%9B%E9%86%AB%E7%99%82%E6%9C%8D%E5%8B%99%E4%B8%80%E8%A6%BD%E8%A1%A8%E3%80%8D.pdf (Chinese)
After 11 days of traveling across 4 European nations, Mayor Ko Wen-je and the delegation from Taipei City Government returned to the island in the evening of February 6.  During the press conference at the airport, the mayor noted that he witnessed the traces of hard work by Taiwanese expats at the various stops throughout the trip to Europe. He also looks forward to introducing the concept of circular economy to Taipei City  beginning with the public housing projects.  On the subject of Taiwanese expats, he noted that the staff members of Tzu Chi Foundation are assisting refugees from Syria in the remote areas of Turkey.  He also met with Taiwanese businessmen residing in Turkey for over three decades, building a career from nothing. All these bear testimony to the efforts of Taiwanese expats around the world.  However, Ko believes that while Taiwan cannot be considered the top advanced nation in the world, it is important to introduce new concepts from advanced nations to Taipei. He remarked that discussion with the government of the Netherlands will commence in the near future, seeking to establish communication channels and bring in the idea of circular economy to Taipei. 
In light of the low temperature over the past few days, the Department of Social Affairs (DSA) activated the Low Temperature Emergency Task Force on February 3.  Members of the task force serve shifts between 10 AM and 10 PM every day at city hall. A 24-hour emergency call line has also been established. As a precautionary measure against the prolonged cold spell, DCA announced that the task force will remain in place up through February 7, pending future weather conditions.  For emergency assistance or to report elders living alone or homeless people requiring help, please call the emergency hotline (TEL: 2722-6497) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline.  Commissioner Hsu of DSA noted that the task force has been mobilized starting January 29. The agency has also established temporary shelters at the social service centers across the 12 administrative districts and at 14 senior citizen service centers. Over 100 social workers and volunteers have also been dispatched to visit homeless people and elders living alone in Taipei City. Hot food and winter wares will also be provided.  The temporary shelters at Taipei Railway Station and Wanhua Bangka Park will remain open through February 7. The facility will remain open based on official temperature measurement by the Central Weather Bureau. 
The Daikon Island Peony Exhibition will be held at the lobby of City Hall between 10 AM on February 6 and noon on February 9.  It has been three year since the previous floral showcase spotlighting peonies from the Japanese city of Matsue last took place in Taipei. The floral exchange serves to boost exchange between Matsue and Taipei, in addition to hot spring events.  To express Japans gratitude to Taiwanese people and strengthen the friendship between the two cities, Matsue Mayor Masataka Matsuura and City Council Speaker Hayato Moriwaki are visiting Taipei with the peony exhibit for the fourth time while presenting the city government with a Matsue Castle wagashi (traditional Japanese confections) artwork.  During the period of the exhibition, the Department of Economic Development (DED) will organize seminars and activities introducing the peonies and local specialties of Daikon Island, as well as couplet calligraphy classes and giveaways. Individuals interested in the hands-on CNY Floriculture class are required to sign up at the event. There are only 20 openings available.   Matsue is joined by Kyoto and Kanazawa as the three most well-known Japanese cities producing wagashi. Wagashi art masters from the city will demonstrate the craft of transforming the confectionery into artworks during a show on February 8. A total of 100 wagashi servings will be distributed to visitors following the presentation of Matsue Castle to the City Hall on February 9.
Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived in Istanbul Airport at 10 PM on February 3. Turkey is the last stop of the Taipei delegations trip to Europe.  After attending a dinner event with two legislators and staff members of the Justice and Development Party, City Government Spokesperson Liu Yi-ting noted that the mayor expressed his gratitude for Turkeys hospitality. He attributed the friendly disposition to Taipeis positive attitude towards Muslims and the long-term effort of Taiwan Representative Office in supporting the establishment of volunteer clinics and school computer labs.  Liu noted that the legislators expressed their wish to build a new mosque in Taipei to serve Muslims in Taiwan. Ko replied that Taipei is a friendly city for Muslim friends and that he will bring the message back to Taipei for further discussions.  On the second day of his stay in Turkey, the mayor visited the construction site of a bridge connecting the continents of Europe and Asia. The delegation also toured local landmarks including the Sultan Ahmed Mosque and the Hagia Sophia Museum.  In response to media questions regarding the possible construction of a new mosque in Taipei, Ko explained that the matter has not been finalized, but the two sides agreed to set up contact windows. Matters such as the size of the facility and the recipient of the donation have yet to be decided.
Deputy Mayor Chen chin-chun unveiled the mini-lantern for the Year of the Dog and promised to bring alive the glory of Taipei at the upcoming lantern festival during a press event on February 2.  Reutilizing the concept employed for the first mini-lantern of the festival 12 years ago, the 2018 Year-of-the-Dog mini lantern can be folded from a single sheet of paper in ten minutes to become an adorable, energetic puppy, Chen pointed out. He hopes that the paper artwork will be well-received among the public.  As to the much-anticipated annual lantern fest, the deputy mayor noted the city government will endeavor to organize another successful Taipei International Lantern Festival, buoyed by the success of last years event, which took place for the first time in Ximending. The unexpected popularity of last years nine-day showcase attracted 3 million visitors, tripling revenues for local businesses.  Employing the theme of Happiness GoGo, the 2018 Taipei Lantern Festival will seek to revive the glorious past of the metropolis while highlighting cherished values. Chen was implicit about the details of the exhibition, saying that the city agencies will go all out to present a memorable event in collaboration with cultural groups, including flash mob activities.  From February 24 through March 4, the 2018 Taipei International Lantern Festival will take place in Ximending, centered on the North Gate and the Red House. The main lantern is slated for debut next week, Chen added.
With an anticipated increase in social occasions and get-togethers around Chinese New Year, individuals are reminded to avoid driving under the influence (DUI) for their own safety and those of other road users. Any from the list of alternatives should be employed by revelers as a way to go home safely after drinking alcoholic beverages:  1. Designated driving by companions: Select a sober companion as the driver. 2. Taxi: Call the toll-free number 0800-055-850 (landline) or 55850 (mobile) for cab service. 3. Designated driving by taxi drivers: Book a cab driver who will visit the location of the intoxicated customer and drive him/her home safely.  The Department of Transportation (DOT) noted that it has conducted negotiations with the Citys taxi companies regarding designated driving charges. The service providers agreed to charge no more than NT$1,000 for a ride with distance less than 10 km. A cap of NT$100 for every 2 km exceeding the 10 km limit is also in place.  For the convenience of residents, the designated driving service has been made available by calling the taxi hailing number 0800-055850 (for landlines) and 55850 (for mobile phones). Individuals are also encouraged to use the app  to access the designated driving feature.  Drivers caught DUI with breadth alcohol test levels exceeding 0.15 will be fined between NT$15,000 and NT$90,000, in accordance with Article 35 under the Road Traffic Management and Penalty Act. Those whose test result exceeds 0.25 will face charges of Offenses against Public Safety, DOT noted.
Mayor Ko Wen-je touted Taipeis potentials to become a smart city and looked forward to closer bilateral ties between Taipei and the capital of Belgium. He made the comments during a briefing on IT development hosted by Grand-Place of Brussels investment agency on January 31.   During his address, Ko expressed excitement for having the opportunity to visit the beautiful city of Brussels before sharing his experience on IT policies.  Speaking on measures to implement the Smart City initiative, the mayor reckoned that the capital of Taiwan, which boasts Nangang and Neihu technology parks, expects to see a landscape of industry clusters in the future. Taipei also strives to provide an ideal environment and stage for ambitious ICT pioneers and dreamers as the world becomes focused on the advancement of IoT, AI, fintech, and blockchains.   The City serves as a perfect experimental ground for startups and entrepreneurs to conduct experiments and to develop products, Ko noted, citing the success of an autonomous bus trial run. He added that the city government, keen to encourage improving peoples lives by means of technology, welcomes innovators around the world to visit Taipei in pursuit of their dreams.   Asked by the media about the exact approach the City has in mind to work with Belgium on the implementation of Smart City initiative, Ko replied that Taipei has established a project management office providing one-stop services for both local and foreign companies seeking to engage in smart industry related projects. Hopefully, the streamlined administrative assistance will be conducive to more exchanges in the area of smart services.
Residents from Taipei and New Taipei can now borrow books from city libraries in the two municipalities with library cards issued by either city.  The announcement was made by Deputy Mayor Chen Chin-chun during a press event on January 30. According to Chen, he believes that the new policy will create a win-win scenario for both cities and an important step towards connecting the respective social spheres through sharing of resources.   According to Chen, Taipei alone boasts a total of 7.68 million books from its library resources, and the two municipalities together have an accumulated collection comprising 15 million volumes. Statistics from 2017 indicate that 23 out of 100 people who applied for Taipeis library card are citizens of New Taipei City and New Taipei citizens borrowed nearly 13 million books from Taipeis libraries.    The importance of collaboration between the city libraries under the two municipalities is also highlighted by the fact that 21-percent of book borrowing or returning services at convenience stores took place in New Taipei.  Asked by the media about the possibility of expanding Taipeis library card access to Keelung, the deputy mayor remarked that Taipei is willing to share library resources with Keelung residents at the proposal of Keelung government. The northernmost city has already implemented the municipal library joint service with New Taipei.    As to the problem why books from Taipei cannot be returned at New Taipeis libraries and only accepted at convenience stores which charge handling fees, Chen noted that more discussions will be conducted to address the issue in the next phase of the policys implementation.
Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived in Eindhoven on January 31. During his brief stop in the city, the mayor met with his counterpart John Jorritsma and visited the Eindhoven Brainport and High Tech Campus Eindhoven.  During the press conference following the visits, Ko remarked that he sees the institutions as a kind of United Nations of Science, with people from 85 different nations working in the same building. He believes that in the area of globalization, Taiwan should really think about how it can attract international talents.  He pointed out that there are many things which require you to spend time and plan things out beforehand. Taipei City Government itself has set up the Bringing South Sea Currents North Project, offering scholarships for outstanding students from Malaysia and India to attend schools in Taiwan. These plans are designed from a strategic viewpoint, since Malaysia can be considered a portal to the Muslim world while India boasts a population of 13 billion people.  Responding to media questions on what he learned during his 4-day visit to the Netherlands, Ko replied that the country possesses many characteristics similar to those of Taipei, whether it is population, land area, or economic situation. However, it has an edge in the field of technology. Therefore, he sees the Netherlands as a benchmark and a reference site for Taiwan. There are many things he learned from the startup sites which he believes can be applied in Taipei immediately.  As for his confidence in attracting investment, Ko noted that the interaction is reciprocal. While there hasnt been much investment from Taiwan to the Netherlands, the island has seen accumulated investment from Dutch companies over the years that exceeds USD 20 billion, which is fairly significant. As of today, the Dutch have more investment in Taiwan than Taiwans investment in their nation.
Mayor Ko Wen-je earnestly promoted Taiwan as a gateway to Asian market in an address delivered at Taipei-Holland Entrpeneurship & Innotech Forum on January 30.  Citing global investment reports of 2015, the mayor touted Taipei as a city boasting friendly, safe, and stable environment for investment, while also ranking top on the list of recommended tourist destinations. Other advantages that Taipei possesses for doing business with include sound infrastructure, low corruption risks, and tax incentives.   In addition to such service industries as retail and finance, Taipei also takes pride in IT and biotech industries, KO pointed out. As much as 90 percent of the worlds laptops are manufactured in Taiwan, the capital of which boasts more than 176,000 individuals in the ICT talent pool. In the field of biotech industry, Taipei has also invested much effort in the development of new medications, applied biotechnology, as well as establishing medical centers and incubation centers.  Another highlight of his administration, Smart Taipei, involves smart public housing, smart transportation, smart healthcare, smart education, and smart payment, Ko reckoned. He noted that smart payment, having been introduced to the Citys public transportation systems, is being promoted to the area of e-commerce. Taipei has also teamed up with 18 international cities in strategic cooperation on smart city development.  Stressing the need for boosting international exchange, the mayor remarked that a program to attract international talent was launched in 2017, which saw the participation of 100 groups from around the world. This year, the City plans to launch a similar program providing incentives including flight tickets, accommodation, and funds for international groups standing out from the applying competitors.
The annual Taipei Urban Film Festival is here!  Entering the 10th year, the Street Documentary Program organized by Urban Regeneration Office (URO) has been dedicated to the discovery of the diversity, vibrancy, and cultural essence of Taipeis city blocks.  With the theme of City and Memories, City and Desires, as well as A Flowing City, the film festival seeks to document stories happening in every corner of Taipei through the lens of residents, telling about forgotten anecdotes in urban life. The expression of Taipei Squat has been employed as the festivals core spirit to accentuate the first-hand observations of whats happening around Taipei.  The premiere, taking place at Taipei Vision Studio on February 3, will feature screening of three selected films, symposiums and talks about works from past events, traditional music performances, and more. A total of 10 to 15 community groups devoted to city block rejuvenation will share with visitors their experience in documenting street scenes and stories through the medium of cinema.  Residents are invited to visit the event and sign up for themed symposiums and movie screenings at https://goo.gl/UKmbGN (Chinese).   More information can be found at Taipei Squat () Facebook fan page.  2018 Taipei Urban Block Film Festival Date: February 3  February 4 Venue: Taipei Vision Studio Address: B1, No. 2, Ln. 339, Changchun Rd., Songshan District Contact: 02-2559-2881 or 02-2781-5696, ext. 3132 
With flu cases soaring, Department of Health (DOH) convened a meeting comprising representatives of the Citys eight major medical centers on January 25 to examine the institutions preparedness against pandemic influenza on January 25.  According to statistics, Taipei saw a 13 percent increase of flu cases over the first three weeks of 2018. Between October 2017 and January 25, 2018, a total of 42 influenza cases with severe implications were reported, 40 of whom had not received vaccination against the disease. The flu activity is expected to remain high during the Chinese New Year.    DOH Commissioner Huang Shier-chieg urged hospitals and medical institutions to strengthen response to the pandemic, activate facilitated diagnostic procedures, bolster influenza virus infection control, and ensure an adequate stock of antiviral medications for four weeks.  The type B influenza strain has been identified as the cause of the majority of confirmed cases, Dr. Li of Centers for Disease Control pointed out, adding that influenza A cases are also on the rise. He called upon the public to get a fee flu shot that can effectively prevent severe flu symptoms while reducing mortality rates attributed to the pandemic.   DOH noted that the City still has about 10,000 free flu vaccines available at Taipei City Hospital affiliated clinics. Residents are advised to get immunized against the influenza pandemic.  For information regarding vaccine availability and medical services during the Chinese New Year, visit https://goo.gl/53xSJo (Chinese) or call DOH disease prevention hotline at 02-23753782. 
On January 28, the city delegation received briefings on Dutch governments policies regarding urban renewal and social housing by urban planning officials in Amsterdam  Taipeis Urban Development Commissioner Lin Jou-min also exchanged views and shared his experience in implementing urban renewal policies with Dr. Jeroen van der Vee and Dr. Maurits de Hoog, advisors of Amsterdam Federation of Housing Associations.  The mayor, impressed by the Dutch governments approach to social housing, noted that public housing accounts for 30 percent of the total housing units the Netherlands, while Amsterdam boasts a remarkable 50 percent of such residential properties. In comparison, public housing only makes up 0.1 percent of Taiwans total dwelling units, with Taipei reporting a slightly higher 0.68 percent.   The figures revealed that the island is lagging far behind the developed countries in terms of housing policy, and explained the housing market woes faced by Taiwanese people  high levels of home prices and rents  as fundamental structural problems remain unadressed.   Asked by the media about his ambition to raise the proportion of the Citys public housing to 5 percent during his tenure, Ko admitted it could be a difficult objective to achieve, not even attainable in eight years.  In the afternoon, the city delegation visited Amsterdams new and old towns, canal area, cycling paths, and This is Holland  a theater providing visitors with a unique flying experience on a tour of the must-see locations in the Netherlands utilizing 4D technologies.
Taipei Zoo announced that Asia Pulp & Paper (APP) will fund the Citys orangutan conservation project in a bid to raise public awareness on the importance of animal conservation and ecological education.  Since 2016, Taipei Zoo has participated in the Orangutan Regional Species Management Program in Asia as part of the effort to effectively control captive populations of the endangered species, ensure genetic diversity, and avoid inbreeding through collaboration between zoos.  By keeping sound track records, regularly updating species data, and analyzing species composition, zoos involved in the program will be able to implement kinship-based breeding and pairing plans that help maintain a 90 percent genetic diversity rate for ex situ conservation.  The fund sponsored by APP will be directed to species management and improvement of well-being for the orangutans living in enclosure. Hopefully, the apes placed in ex situ locations will be reintroduced to their natural habitats someday.    On January 27, a total of 30 individuals enrolled in the orangutan adoption program were invited to an event held by Taipei Zoo, featuring instructions of animal care workers on the behavior of orangutans as well as hands-on sessions allowing participants to make snack bags used to lure the apes to engage in physical activity.
On January 27, Mayor Ko Wen-je embarked on an 11-day trip to Europe with destinations including the Netherlands, Belgium, Poland, and Turkey.  With Taiwan well on track to transform itself into a mature democracy, the island should look to Western Europe or North America for democratic lessons, Ko reckoned. He believes that the Netherlands, adopting the ideology of social democracy, serves as a more suitable role model to draw experience from. Visiting Holland has been on the agenda of his administration for the benefit of the island on long-term development, Ko remarked.   The second leg of the trip, Brussels of Belgium, was selected for being the de facto capital of the European Union. Taiwan should seek to further its ties with Europe, which holds as relevant a position as that of the United States, the mayor pointed out, adding that he will deliver a speech and pay a few visits to members of the European Parliament.  The next destination, Warsaw of Poland, was included in the city delegations itinerary as it is a sister city of Taipei, hence the need to promote city diplomacy. Ko said he hopes he has the opportunity to meet with the former Polish President Lech Walesa, who led Poland to democracy breaking free from the yoke of the Soviet Union.  The city delegation will wrap up its European journey in Turkey, where the mayor will discuss with local officials on the possibility of building a mosque in Taipei, a proposal submitted by the Turkish government earlier. Ko suggested establishing an Islamic Cultural Center instead. The details of the plan have yet to be finalized.
Taipei City Government held a press conference introducing the public to the newly acquired, fuel-efficient garbage truck during a press conference on January 24.  During his address, the mayor noted that in the past, garbage trucks have encountered difficulties to meet requirements required for environmental-friendly vehicles. After discussions with the Commissioner Liu of Environmental Protection, the city government has allocated NT$570 million to replace 215 dated garbage trucks with fuel-efficient vehicles over 3 years.  Furthermore, city hall has also invested NT$88 million to purchase smaller-size street sweepers. These decisions not only increase fuel efficiency, but also help to reduce the emission of PM2.5 due to the higher standard compliance of newer vehicles.  Ko pointed out that the replacement of vehicles also improves fleet management, since as many as 100 old garbage trucks may need maintenance at a given time. Despite the sizable budget, the acquisition of the new vehicles will help alleviate the burdens of the staff at the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP).  According to survey results published by the Research, Development, and Evaluation Commission over the years, DEP has always ranked at the top of the list in many areas. The agency has maintained over 75-percent approval rate over the years  and at times exceeding even 80-percent. He took the opportunity to express his gratitude to the hard-working members of DEP for keeping the city clean. 
To help the reconstruction and analysis of road traffic accidents, Traffic Adjudication Office (TAO) invites members of the public to provide dashcam evidence, offering a cash reward of NT$1,000 as incentives starting January 1, 2018.  By offering rewards as encouragement for submission of video recordings capturing critical moments of accidents, the agency hopes to acquire better evidence for determining the liabilities involved, thereby yielding more precise adjudication results.  The footage should contain images documented by a camera device mounted to the providers vehicle downloaded vids from online sources will not be accepted, TAO stressed. Individuals should also check whether the footage clearly captures the moment when a traffic accident occurs prior to uploading the video to TAOs website.  The cash reward will be granted and the provider notified after review by authorities.  According to statistics, approximately 30-percent of traffic accidents have video evidence  most of the footage originate from recorders installed on automobiles. In light of this, the agency encourages motorcyclists to install video recorders on their vehicles as a precaution, in case they become involved in traffic accidents.
The first smart street light in Taiwan can be found inside the parameters of the 228 Peace Park! According to the Parks and Street Lights Office, the device is currently under testing and adjustment. It will be fully functional before Chinese New Year.  According to PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan, the objective for developing smart street light is to provide better services to the public. The device, in addition to providing illumination, also offers services based on information on nearby locations, allowing users to experience the convenience provided by smart technology.  To allow users to learn more about the smart street light, the device is also equipped with energy-harvesting tiles connected with an action-oriented mini-game. This allows the public to perform a light workout and learn more about how the power-generating tiles work, thereby promoting the concept of green energy.  Chief Yang of PSLO noted that the smart device is equipped with industry-standard computer and a digital signage furnished with a 55-inch LED display. In addition, it comes with a WIFI hotspot, wired and wireless battery charging platform for smartphones, and information on weather, park, air quality, and much more.  PSLO has plans to set up additional smart street lights at locations such as the Taipei Expo Park and the sidewalk outside the public housing units on Jiankang Road in the future. 
The season of blooming cherry blossoms has kicked-off with the beautiful flowers blooming at Pingjing Street!  The majority of cherry blossoms along Pingjing Street belong to the species Cerasus Kanazawa and Cerasus serrulata. Due to their early blooming schedule, they are often the ones to signal the start of northern Taiwans cherry blossom viewing season.  To accommodate travelers on bicycles who visit this destination, the Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) established two cyclist rest areas on Pingjing Street and Jingshan Road, respectively. The Xishan Cyclist Rest Area, located at Lane 71 of Zhishan Road Section 3, is Taipei Citys first rest area for cyclists traveling in the mountainous region. The forest of cherry blossom in the vicinity is a great place to watch the sakura flowers while recovering from the long ride.  When traveling in the direction of Lengshuikeng on Jingshan Road, cyclists will pass the Jingshan Cyclist Rest Area during their trip. The route boasts different scenarios during different seasons  a great place to enjoy cherry blossoms in spring and maple leaves in autumn. One of the notable landmarks in the vicinity is the flower petal-flooded radar station at Lane 131 of Jingshan Road.   According to Chief Chen from the agency, the rest stops are designed with cyclists in mind, merging surrounding landscape with local characteristics. Both cyclist rest areas are located in close proximity to tourist attractions and provide great views of the Greater Taipei Area. 
With the approach of the Year of the Dog and citizens demand for traditional Chinese New Year decors, the Secretariat has prepared 200,000 spring couplets printed with the words Yun Wang Fu Lai (Luck and Prosperity Heralds Good Fortune) for affiliated agencies and the public.  A total of 4,000 spring couplet issued by city hall can be picked up for free from the Citizens Service Division on the first floor of city hall starting 2 PM on Monday, January 22.  Individuals can also pick up the spring couplets at all 12 district offices and local borough offices starting 2 PM on Wednesday, January 24. Bring home your copy while supplies last!  Furthermore, an electronic copy of the spring couplet will also be available for download from the website of the Secretariat starting 2 PM on Monday, January 22. Residents can exercise their creativity by printing the spring couplet on different kinds of paper. They can also communicate their holiday best wishes by sending the electronic spring couplets to friends and relatives via the Internet.  To download the digital version of the spring couplet, please click on the following link: https://sec.gov.taipei/News_Content.aspx?n=33F10B33ECEA9109&sms=31EB102DF9A9ED5B&s=5B70A4BD5EFA08F5
Mayor Ko Wen-je received a briefing on subjects spanning Songshan District administrative work and progress of public housing implementation at a mobile City Executive Meeting on January 23.  According to Ko, the progress of Taipeis public housing construction has been too slow. The government, therefore, has invested more effort to facilitate work. There are plans for holding ground-breaking ceremonies for 25 projects throughout 2018.    Regarding residents call for further reducing rents, the mayor replied that the current rates are set at 15% under market prices. A drastic rent cut could attract more potential tenants, as well as increasing the likeliness of holding raffles to determine the successful applicants.   Ko added that rent subsidies are available based on factors such as applicants income status and the number of family members. Residents should not expect unrealistic deals from the government, as policies should be implemented in a practical way, Ko stressed.   In response to claims that a high proportion of public housing units are reserved for people with Taipei residency, the mayor remarked that locals should be given priority in the application for the housing units as a reciprocal measure for their support for the policy.  During the meeting, the mayor also expressed his gratitude to individuals from the local gentry in Songshan District who are dedicated to promoting Xikou Cultural Festival, sponsoring resources to the neighborhoods, pushing for community health empowerment, and managing river ecology. Given the limited nature of government resources, the support of the private sector is key to helping make Taipei a happier society, Ko reckoned.
With the approach of Chinese New Year, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited the Jinliujie military base in Yilan Countys to inspect the well-being of military conscripts from Taipei City on January 22.  The delegation, comprising 10 city officials, had the opportunity to chat with the young men over lunch. The members also expressed their gratitude to the officers of 153 Army Brigade for looking after the conscripts and wished them happy holidays.  During his address, the mayor advised the inductees to use the 4-month-long active duty period to work on their fitness and adopt the daily routine. He believes that the training will help them lay the foundation for joining the workforce. He also called upon the young men to help make Taipei a better place after discharge.  The delegation later visited the navys base in Suao and met with the officers to learn about daily life of conscripts from Taipei. The mayor praised the conscripts who contribute to making the nation more secure. He stressed that the armed forces is the lifeline of the nation, and pays his utmost respect to the men and women serving in the navy.  The mayor also took the opportunity to say Happy Chinese New Year to the members of the armed forces and presented them with holiday bonus.
The annual refurbished furniture sale is here again!  Taking place at the Neihu Recycled Furniture Exhibition Center between 9 AM and 5 PM on January 28, the sale will feature nearly a thousand items, including rarely seen antiques from the 1950s and 1960s. The precious woodworks include Wenge armchairs, Ebony cupboards, cabinets, Formosan Michelia cabinets, and Taiwan cypress chest of drawers.  For those looking for unique furniture, the sale also boasts masterly pieces made from the remains of trees uprooted by strong typhoon winds, crafted with a dose of creativity by carpenters. In addition, secondhand pianos, paintings, suitcases, and a wide variety of items are also available at bargain prices.  Whats more, individuals are invited to place their bids for goods in an auction featuring guitars, zithers, clocks, five-star hotel bed lamps and sofas, TV boards, dressers, bicycles, bed sheets, and others. Early birds will have a chance to take home what catches their eyes at the reduced price of NT$100 this deal is applicable for a total of 50 items with prices originally set between NT$200 and NT$2,500. There are even items available for 30% discount off the reserve price.  On the day of the event, the organizers will hold a DIY session on transforming inscribed boards into bookshelves, screen shelves, and small stools. The session offers 20 openings and charges instruction fee of NT$500. Residents are also welcome to bring their own furniture to the venue to sign up for free basic repair services performed by skilled carpenters.  As a reminder, the regular sale at the Neihu Recycled Furniture Exhibition Center on January 26 (Friday) will be canceled and a second sale event will take place at Wanhua Recycled Furniture Exhibition Center on February 3. 
To commemorate the anniversary of Taipei Double Decker Service, Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) announced that a series of hot deals will be in place starting January 22!  For Taiwanese travelers, they will be able to take a single ride for NT$150 by presenting their ID documents. Seniors aged 65 or older as well as children aged 6 through 12 can enjoy a ride at the half price of NT$75. Kids under 6 years of age can board free of charge. Passengers will be able to purchase the ticket by credit card, EasyCard, and iPass, among other payment methods.  According to statistics, the Taipei Sightseeing city tour has gained publicity in the international market since its launch last year. According to figures collected through the end of 2017, foreign tourists accounted for an average of 75% of the total number of passengers per month.  As Taipei 101 ranks on top of the list of the most popular stops such as National Palace Museum, Ximending, CKS Memorial Hall, Dr. Sun Yat-sen Memorial, Yongkang Street, and Shilin Official Residence, the service provider plans to establish a ticket counter on the basement floor of Taipei 101 before the Chinese New Year.   Schedule adjustments will be implemented accordingly for the Taipei Double Decker Bus Red Line. Starting January 22, a bus will depart every 30 minutes beginning at 4:30 PM, with the last bus to arrive at 8 PM. The measure will allow passengers to visit the Taipei 101 Observatory in time before the facility closes at 10 PM.  To boost ticket sales, those who purchase a 1 Day Ticket by the end of January will receive a model Taipei Double Decker worth NT$350. The service provider, prompted by TPEDOIT, has also teamed up with oversea travel agencies to provide preferential offers and participate in travel expos to help market the city tour bus service.  According to the service operator, Taipei Double Decker sightseeing tours are expected to attract 15,000 riders per month in 2018, buoyed by the incentives regarding ticket price discounts and bus schedule adjustment.
Have you made plans for the winter vacation yet? The best edutainment will be happening at the Taipei Children's Amusement Park. Children under 6th grade can participate in coloring activities for free between 13 January (Sat.) and 10 February (Sat.). Participants will receive Twisting Eggs and can take part in the Taipei Children's Amusement Parks (TCAP) Facebook popularity contest. A variety of prizes will be presented to the five most popular candidates, so please join us. In addition, from 25 January (Thu.) to 20 February (Tue.), you can also purchase special Lunar New Year package tickets (worth NT$200) offering you access to the TCAP, Taipei Astronomical Museum," and National Taiwan Science Education Center while enjoying up to 70% discount.  The TCAP is holding a special event ""FUN Winter Vacation with Creative Coloring", Sweets," and Pets"" to provide children with some creative fun. The 1st stage ""Coloring Activities"" starts on 13 January (Sat.) and lasts until 31 January (Wed.). Children under 6 years old can participate for free. To take part in the event", please visit the Visitor Center to pick up some free drawing paper, L-folders, and rainbow pencils (only a limited supply is available each day). After collecting the supplies, progress to the Happy Market area in front of the Visitor Center and let your imagination take over! We have transformed the area into a special painting space, with lovely tablecloths for easy coloring. Once your artwork is complete, bring it to the Visitor Center to exchange for a free special token, which gives you one twist at the 240cm tall crystal tower Dessert Pet capsule toy machine. Prizes include game tokens, facility coupons, 2018 photo calendar, key rings, writing pads, and many others. These rewards are given out randomly and cannot be exchanged.  The next stage is the Facebook popularity contest, which starts on 1 February (Thu.) and lasts until 6 February (Tue.). All artworks will be posted on the TCAP Facebook page for public voting," and the drawing with the most ""likes"" wins the contest. Invite your friends and families to help you get more likes! Voting will remain open until 14:00 on 6 February (Tue.).  The 3rd and final stage is what everyone has been waiting for: the winner announcements and award presentations! The top five winners will be announced on the TCAP Facebook page on 7 February (Wed.) and will be notified to collect their awards at the TCAP on 10 February (Sat.) at 10:00 in the morning. During the award ceremony", there will be lively and entertaining performances by the Hyperkids troupe on the Hopping square, as well as the appearance of super popular mascots. Prizes include one-day passes valid for the large rides at the TCAP, free vouchers for the small rides, 2018 photo calendar, and many more. There will also be live quizzes on site, bringing the atmosphere to a high-point.  The best way to enjoy edutainment is to buy the Lunar New Year package ticket (price: NT$200) for access to the three museums. It is the most economical way to enjoy a great time with your kids during the holidays. From 25 Jan. (Thu.) until 20 Feb. (Tue.), when you buy the package at either the TCAP or the Taipei Astronomical Museum ticket booth, for as little as NT$200, you will have access to TCAP, Taipei Astronomical Museum, and National Taiwan Science Education Center  effectively up to 70% discount. The package deal includes a one-day pass for the TCAP, which also gives you unlimited rides on major park facilities (worth NT$340 if each ride is calculated once). At the Taipei Astronomical Museum, you can experience the IMAX and 3D Theaters (original ticket price NT$200). While the National Taiwan Science Education Center will be under renovation starting 1 March, tickets for the exhibitions, children's theaters (excluding the earthquake theater) will still be available.  For more details, please call Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation at 886-2-218-12345 or the Taipei Citizens' Hotline 1999 (or 886-2-27208889 if you are calling from outside of Taipei City). You can also visit the TRTC Chinese website athttp://www.metro.taipei/or the TCAP Chinese website athttp://www.tcap.taipei/  Source: Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation
For the first time, Mayor Kos mother assumed the role as the pitchperson for Taipeis sheltered workshops during a Facebook live streaming session on January 18!  During the one-hour session, Mommy Ko earnestly promoted a variety of products produced by sheltered workshops for the Chinese New Year  from pastry, coffee, hotpot dipping sauce, to handmade soap. She hawked the merchandise with her picky housewife standards, calling upon the audiences to go on a shopping spree.  Taipei currently boasts 41 sheltered workshops hiring approximately 600 disabled employers. Over the years, the facilities have been working to advance manufacturing techniques, improve product quality, and provide job training for workers.  To catch up with the latest online marketing trend, the workshops unprecedentedly invited Taiwanese actress and singer Candy Yang to host the live broadcast featuring Mayor Kos mother, hoping to drive sales through her popularity.   Well-prepared for the mission, Mommy Ko noted that she has studied the ingredients of the items available at the workshops and vouched for the safety and quality of the merchandise. For example, the homemade soap is made with edible olive oil and free from chemicals. The egg rolls and beef steamed buns, along with many other food products, also promise to be as delicious and of fine quality as those of the more well-known brands.    To learn about whats on offer, please visit the online catalog of the sheltered workshops: http://www.fd.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=379079900&ctNode=67003&mp=116053 (Chinese).
On January 18, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press conference at Shidong Market announcing the adoption of EasyCard for purchases by marketplace vendors.   According to the mayor, Shidong Market has always served as a benchmark for traditional markets across the city. Recently, the facility has also undergone an aesthetics facelift, overhauling the floor tiles to make the market even more pleasing to the eyes of visitors.  What is more important is that the market has decided to incorporate modern technology, noted Ko. In the future, shoppers will be able to purchase goods at Shidong Market booths simply by swiping their EasyCards.  The mayor remarked that his short term plan is to remove all cash and coins. Currently, the Taipei Fish Market has already substituted e-payment for traditional payment methods. This has the advantage of eliminating the needs of merchants bringing huge amount of cash with them to the market during wee hours. It also facilitates transfers from account to account. The success at the fish market has convinced the city government to introduce the measure to three other wholesale markets in town.  As a doctor, Ko pointed out that bank notes and coins have the disadvantages such as weight and presence of germs. Disinfecting a card is much easier than doing the same to a pocketful of cash.  Ko recalled a meeting earlier with Chairman Lin of EasyCard Corporation to ask for his assistance in using EasyCard to gradually replace cash. By eliminating bank notes and making Taipei a city of e-commerce, the city government will be able to improve transaction security and cost effectiveness, as well as boosting sanitation.
In a bid to improve air quality, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) unveiled this years two-stroke motorcycle scrappage program and related incentives to encourage the public to replace old motorcycles with newer electrical ones.   According to the program, individuals domiciled in Taipei City who can produce emission examination records from the specific year (or within two years) of their old two-stroke motorcycles retirement can register for a reimbursement of NT$1,000.   Motorists who replace their old vehicles with new electrical ones will receive up to NT$22,300 in total from incentives provided by DEP, Environmental Protection Administration, and Industrial Development Bureau.   Furthermore, individuals qualified for the two-stroke motorcycle scrappage program and who present proof indicating their low-income household status will be eligible to apply for an additional NT$10,000 in cash aid. A subsidy of up to NT$15,000 is available for those purchasing new electrical motorcycles.   There is no limit to the maximum number of applications. DEP pointed out that data from the Department of Social Welfare indicate approximately 2,500 Taipei citizens from disadvantaged families are qualified for the subsidy. These individuals will be notified by the agency on the incentive program.   To apply, download the application form at http://www.dep.gov.taipei/(Chinese). For inquiries, call 02-2720888, ext. 7246 or 7241. 
The Public Transportation Office (PTO) announced that an NT$20 Chinese New Year holiday surcharge will be added to local taxi fares between midnight on Sunday, February 11 through 11:59 PM on Tuesday, February 20. As regulations require the mandatory installation of new taximeters for local taxis, drivers should switch to the devices inbuilt CNY Rate feature during the ten-day period for determining the amount paid by customers. For taxis yet to introduce the new meter, passengers will need to pay an NT$20 surcharge in addition to the price indicated on the old meter. Passengers are advised to acquire a receipt for their ride before alighting cabs in case they are overcharged. Should individuals encounter taxi drivers who violate regulations, they can call 1999 Citizen Hotline or contact PTO and police authorities. PTO also urged the public to avoid driving while under influence and to make use of cab services for the safety of both themselves and road users during Chinese New Year get-together occasions.  For information on taxi service over the Chinese New Year holidays, please call the 1999 Citizen Hotline (TEL: 02-2720-8889 for callers outside of Taipei City) or Traffic Division of Taipei City Police Department (TEL: 02-2375-2100). 
With the Chinese New Year approaching, Mayor Ko Wen-je presented awards to representatives from outstanding local markets in 2017. He also took the opportunity to promote the New Years meal entrees sale of Nanmen Market on January 17. According to Ko, the quickest way to learn about a city is through visiting local markets since they epitomize the way people live. It is part of the reason that he is highly concerned about the development of Taipeis markets. Nanmen Market has established its reputation as a model market thanks to characteristics such as clean environment, smooth flow for shoppers, and quality delicacies. He is well-suited to vouch for the quality of the food products as his wife frequents Nanmen Market on a regular basis, the mayor noted. Ko pointed out that the renovation of Wanhua Districts Huannan Market, Taipei Fish Market, and First Fruit and Vegetable Wholesale Market came with a combined price tag of NT$20 billion. Infrastructure overhaul aside, a successful market also involves sound organization, orderly operations, safe merchandise, clean surroundings, and good fire safety practices, hence the need to hold annual evaluation events targeting the citys markets. Accompanied by Nanmen Market Autonomous Association President Wang Chuan-kuo, the mayor toured the market and tasted traditional New Year dishes offered by the vendors. Wang also took the opportunity to promote the online sale of over 70 items of the most sought-after delicacies and meals, which can be delivered to the customers doorstep in package deals.
Mayor Ko Wen-je shared his opinions on topics spanning his outfit style, diverse values, and his administrative experience during a conversation with Vice Principal Chiu Hsien-hsun of Taipei National University of the Arts on January 16.   Describing himself as a down-to-earth person, he believes that people working in Taiwan should not be required to wear a suit due to its subtropical climate. For practical reasons, the workplace dress code needs to be reconsidered, taking into account peoples real needs.   To support his views, the mayor cited his past experience as a doctor when he banned students from wearing neckties in the hospital wearing the accessory increases the chances of disease transmission through contact with patients. He also insisted on donning a short-sleeved shirt when attending the Double Ten Day ceremony and showed up at the Taipei-Shanghai Twin City Forum wearing a pair of sneakers. He reckoned that he will become a unique brand as long as he stays true to himself.   Speaking of Taiwans characteristics, he highlighted diversity, democracy, freedom, and openness. During the 2017 Eid al-Fitr celebrations, Taipei Railway Station saw as many as 50,000 Muslims dressed in traditional garment congregate and offer prayers in the direction of Mecca to mark one of the most important religious occasions in Muslim culture. Taipei also took pride in being one of the few Asian cities to allow a parade in support of LGBT rights which saw the attendance of 125,000 participants. The events bore testimony to the values of inclusivity and respect for different cultures that the island embraces.   Stressing that diversity is key to innovation, Ko reckoned that the island should leverage this advantage and strive to become the most innovative place in East Asia, thereby securing an advantageous position on the global stage.   Asked by the host about how to become a role model for citizens, Ko remarked that a mayor is but a public servant and that he will persist in working hard, living a meaningful life, and doing the right things. 
 To welcome the Year of the Dog and to meet the rising demand of trash disposal of from household end-of-the-year cleanup, the city government announced the start of National Cleanup Week. Related cleanup week activities include: (1) End of the Year Cleanup: From January 5 through February 4 (2) National Cleanup Week: From February 5 through February 9 During this period, Beitou District Office calls upon district residents to conduct thorough cleanups of their households to welcome the New Year and improve the local living environment. The district office also invites the public to take a head start in the cleaning action. For disposal of bulky waste, individuals can call the 1999 Citizen Hotline or the district cleaning squads of the Department of Environmental Protection to make appointments for item removal. Bulky waste removal will not be available on Chinese New Years Eve and the first through fifth day of Chinese New Year. With the exception of bulky waste and recyclable trash, the disposal of all other garbage will require the use of designated trash bags in accordance with Taipeis Per Bag Trash Collection Fee policy. 
A new book introducing the mascot of Taipei -- Bravo the Bear  is now on sale! Taiwan Indigenous Bear  Bravo features photos of Bravo at various activities, recordings of its many first experiences, and its interaction with Mayor Ko Wen-je. Through the book, readers will be able to learn about the ups and downs of Bravos career - from a barely-known mascot bear to its ascension to stardom during the Taipei Universiade. During the book launch event, Bravos manager shared with the audience some of the challenges the project encountered along the way. At one time, the promotional team braved the chilly cold front to take Bravo up to Yangmingshan - just to document some cute moments of the mascot playing with snow. When the City was in full swing to promote the summer sports event, Bravo worked hard to help market the Universiade through attending an average of 50 events each month. As one who played a major role in the creation of Bravo, Information and Tourism Commissioner Chien Yu-yen noted that each time when Bravo was assigned a mission, it was a test of teamwork. Members of the project team had to ensure every detail was perfect, so as not to fail the people of the island who hold high expectations for Bravo. The book is now available at Eslite, Kingstone, Taipei City Government Publications and Souvenirs Center, National Bookstore, Wunan Books, San Min Book, Books.com, and other online bookshops. A total of three book-signing sessions will be held at Zhongshan Metro Hall Eslite R79 (2 PM, January 20), Taichung Showtimes Square Kingstone (6 PM, January 27), and Kaohsiung Global Mall Kingstone (2 PM, January 28), respectively. Individuals presenting the new book for Bravos signature will receive a limited-edition Bravo fortune dollar. 
Taipei Zoo is inviting the public to have their say over the opening hours of the facility through the latest i-Voting campaign. A one-month-long online vote will take place between 9 AM, February 13 and 5 PM, March 12 at the following website: https://ivoting.taipei//59-survey-intro (Chinese).   Residents can also vote in person at Taipei Zoo. Participants who express their opinions of the issue will be eligible for a raffle offering souvenirs provided by the Zoo!   Since its relocation from Yuanshan to Muzha, Taipei Zoo has been operating almost every day with the exception of Chinese New Years Eve. Individual indoor pavilions take turns closing on Monday for maintenance. Such operation schedule, however, is likely to cause prolonged disturbance to the animals while increasing time and cost for the maintenance work.   In light of this, Taipei Zoo has looked to foreign zoos as reference in zoo management. For example, the Asahiyama Zoo in Hokkaido closes for three weeks in late winter or early spring, during which zoo staff members are mobilized to conduct premises upkeep and maintenance.   Taipei Zoo pointed out that zookeepers and veterinarians will still work on animal care during closed days. These dates also serve as an ideal time for organizing guided tours for disadvantaged groups and charity organizations or for hosting animal conservation meetings and other activities.   The Zoo proposes to close its doors to the public between June 19 and 30 every year and at the same time allowing indoor pavilions to take turns closing doors every Monday. To submit your opinion, please visit https://ivoting.taipei//59-survey-intro (Chinese). You can also call the Taipei Zoo Visitor Information Center (TEL: 02-29382300, ext. 630) for further inquiries. 
On January 14, Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived at the Jiankang Public Housing Community in Songshan District. He took a quick tour of the housing units and the property management center. During the press Q&A session, the mayor noted that the installation of Internet facilities of the housing units is on top of the priority list  adding that internet access is seen as a necessity for the younger generation. Describing government as a service industry, the availability of options such as TV, internet, hot water, and others are made into a check list. Based on the selected option, the corresponding price tag could be determined. The city government not only provides public housing it has to take into consideration if tenants need options such as air conditioner. He also insists that logistics management should be digitized and placed onto internet websites for more efficient control. As for whether adopting such an approach will make the rent more costly, Ko replied that the city provides the property management company with a shell unit. Options are available, including water heater, cable TV, and more. He understands that many young people do not watch TV, but there are still people who do. He pointed out that the aim is to make their life more convenient, and the internet is a way to accomplish this goal. When asked if he would choose to live in these units during his younger days, the mayor explained that he has to consider several core principles to determine whether to rent a house, such as access convenience and affordable price. He believes that it is harder to find a cheaper price compared with the current level.  As for tenant qualifications, the mayor noted that due to the fact that neighborhood community might find the creation of public housing units in the vicinity unacceptable, he chooses to tackle the problem by giving priority to those working or studying in the area, as well as those with local household residency. This approach will minimize the impact of commute, as well as making locals more willing to accept the project since they are given priority. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je inaugurated 20 new daycare centers for Taipei City during a press event on January 11. With the addition of the facilities, Taipei now boasts 17 government-owned-privately-operated childcare centers and 36 community-based institutions. The number of such childcare facilities is expected to reach 70 by the end of 2018, Ko pointed out. The mayor reckoned that larger-scale daycare centers are not easy to establish given limited space availability. Community-based facilities, on the other hand, have the benefit of more focused care, effective disease management, and more accessible locations despite higher costs. He has instructed Social Welfare Commissioner to digitize information regarding the Citys childcare resources to facilitate online search and queries. Ko noted that the new facilities offer a total of 223 openings. He expressed his gratitude to education, social welfare, public works, and other city agencies for their roles in transforming idle spaces into daycare venues, including the former Center for Prevention of Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault, district community centers, and idle spaces in junior high and elementary schools. He reiterated the importance of addressing the issue of low childbirth rates from a comprehensive viewpoint through childbirth incentives, alleviation for childrearing burden, and sound education system. Taipei currently provides NT$3,000 in subsidy for giving birth to the first and second child. Whether to provide cash incentive for the third child is still undergoing evaluation by the city government. 
The Police Departments Women and Children joined hands with illustrator Gifaye Pa of SHIBA INU GIFAYE to launch the agencys online campaign Arrival of Shiba Inu: Protecting Womens and Childrens Safety. Users taking part in the online campaign will have a chance of receiving Chinese New Year Red Envelopes featuring shiba inu mascots dressed up in police uniform. The campaign seeks to raise social awareness on the safety of women and children. The star mascot of the event GIFAYE and friends also appeared at the shooting session for the short clip promoting womens and childrens safety. Gifaye Pa noted that he is pleased to contribute to the effort of protecting women and children, as well as animals. The video has been uploaded to the Facebook fan page of Sister Jenny (Womens and Childrens Protection Division of the Police Department) for public access. According to Ho Cheng-han from the Asia Environmental Protection Organization, there is a high degree of overlapping among individuals who abuse animals and domestic violence offenders. Those showing cruelty to animals are likely to do the same to human beings  starting with people that are close to them. Therefore, promoting animal protection is the first line of defense towards protecting women and children. The online campaign will kick-off on January 15, 2018. To participate in the campaign or to watch the clip, please visit the divisions Chinese Facebook fanpage: https://www.facebook.com/jennyfuyo/ 
To prevent rabies outbreak, the Animal Protection Office (APO) is urging the public to have their furkids inoculated against the disease  especially for those living in mountainous areas -- in the rabies vaccination tours conducted by the agency. The objective is for Taipei to achieve 70-percent immunization coverage. According to APO, the City is seeing a growing number of rabies reports associated with Chinese ferret-badgers around the mountainous areas over the years, posing a serious threat to both residents and their furry pets dwelling in the vicinity. In light of this, APO has distributed rabies vaccination notices across the Citys twelve districts since 2017, reminding pet owners to have their pets immunized against the disease on a yearly basis. A total of 25 inoculation sessions have also been carried out at districts in or near mountainous areas including Wenshan, Beitou, Nangang, Neihu, Shilin, and Xinyi, providing protection for 1,186 dogs and cats. Private organizations are also encouraged to hold rabies vaccination activities. Government-sponsored vaccines will be provided if the events are deemed conducive to public good and involving practices by licensed veterinarians. The organizers will be required to return the unused vaccines within two weeks after the events conclusion. To learn more about the rabies vaccination sessions, please visit the APO website: http://www.tcapo.gov.taipei/ (Chinese). 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the groundbreaking ceremony for sections D and E of the Guangci Public Housing Project in the morning of January 10.   The scope of the new phase include two buildings  each with 27-stories and 4 basement floors, providing a total of 1,044 household units and space for social welfare-related functions. The project is slated for completion at the end of 2020.   The mayor stressed again that the there are four major goals which the city is trying to achieve with its public housing projects: housing justice, urban aesthetics, development of smart city industry, and introduction of new social modes.   He noted that the entire project is able to reach the stage of groundbreaking within 3 months after the commissioning stage last October, thanks to the hard work of the staff at the Department of Urban Development (UDD). This is a good example of improved administrative efficiency within the city government.   According to Ko, UDD Commissioner Lin Jou-min expressed his confidence that the buildings will become Asias most beautiful public housing edifices upon completion. The mayor also expressed his gratitude to construction partners including Hwang Chang General Contractor Corporation, Continental Engineering Corporation, and Chunghwa Telecom for their involvement. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je stressed the immediate need to address drug abuse issue starting with junior high school students during the Adolescent Antidrug Justice League press conference on January 10. During his speech, the mayor expressed his concerns about the gravity of the islands substance abuse problems, citing statistics identifying adolescence as a critical risk period for the initiation of drug use. The average age for first contact with drug use is 14, indicating high school students vulnerability to the addiction. The Police Department also reports that drug addicts account for half of the criminals serving jail terms for the past three years. In light of this, Ko pointed out that the City has implemented a series of anti-drug measures through the campaign, including integration of related database resources, establishment of a top-level anti-drug center, formation of a task force dedicated to combating drug offenses under Criminal Investigation Division, and effort to push for the setup of a team responsible for drug crime issues under Taipei District Prosecutors Office. The mayor added that anti-drug campaigns targeting campus should be conducted in languages used by youngsters and in ways that can resonate among the students utilizing mediums such as comics, theater, the internet, and mobile apps. The anti-drug network should also be expanded to include New Taipei, Keelung, and Taoyuan, thereby allowing for more efficient and effective response to drug crimes. 
The collaboration between Taipei City Government and National Taiwan University, the NTU@Taipei Open UniverCity Project is holding an exhibition of its achievements at the first floor lobby of city hall from January 9 through 11. According to the Department of Information Technology (DOIT), the project establishes a link among faculty, students, and city agencies to allow the application of innovative solutions to tackle urban problems. Highlighting the mayors emphasis on the value of Open Government, Public Participation, the Open UniverCity Project task force has worked on strengthening partnership with the city government since 2016. Commissioners from the departments of transportation, social welfare, and information technology have taken parts in sessions comprising students and professors. Numerous real-world issues have been presented to stimulate innovative thinking among the participants. DOIT Commissioner Lee Wei-bin and NTU acting president TW Kuo attended the opening ceremony on January 10. Lee remarked that the exhibition is an important landmark for future collaboration in the project between the two sides. Prior to the beginning of the 2017 fall quarter, the task force invited project instructors, teaching assistants, and city agencies to take part in a preparation workshop to discuss implementation. After the end of the quarter, students enrolled in seven university courses came up with various solutions to answering city affair challenges, providing invaluable reference materials for city hall. NTU@Taipei Open UniverCity Exhibition Date: January 9  11 Hours: 9 AM  5 PM Venue: 1st Floor Lobby, Taipei City Hall 
When attending the Vocational Education Silicon Valley2017 Expo for Oversea Entrepreneurial Training event on January 8, Mayor Ko Wen-je promised more budget for vocational school students to engage in oversea internship and training programs. According to Ko, the city government has been conducting oversea internship and training programs for high school and occupational school students covering 15 disciplines since the 2013 school year. The initiative aims at helping students expand their horizons while advancing Taiwans occupational education and spurring entrepreneurship. Destinations of these oversea study trips include foreign companies and institutions such as Atlas Air, NASA, Facebook headquarters, Apple headquarters, Google, and Siemens participants also have the opportunity to experience cooking courses in Spain and take part in commercial design projects for agricultural products in Japan. Six more trips are planned in 2018 with destinations in Thailand, Singapore, and Japan, targeting skill exchange in the fields of refrigeration and air conditioning, trade and finance, food processing, among others. Citing an anecdote from his visit to Stanford University in California, Ko noted that the prestigious school told him that courses at the institution are tailor-made for industry needs. He believes curricular adjustments are required for the islands occupational schools to adapt to the changing needs in the job market. With the central government set to allocate NT$8 billion into a four-year campaign to improve vocational education, the mayor reckoned that the City will follow suit by implementing policies to bridge the gap between education and industry needs. 
The Department of Transportation (DOT) reminds the public that the owners of all slow-moving vehicles towed for parking violations will be liable for both handling fees and safekeeping charges starting January 1, 2018. The handling fee for each vehicle is NT$100 per tow. The safekeeping charge is NT$25 every 12 hours (accumulative) after the first hour, where the first hour is free of charge. The target of the new fees includes slow-moving vehicles such as bicycles and slow-moving vehicles with 3 wheels or more. Bicycles include traditional bicycles, electrical-assisted bikes, and electrical bikes and slow-moving vehicles with 3 wheels or more covers both human-powered transport means and animal-powered transport means. According to DOT, bicycles cannot be parked along road sections and areas that are part of the No Motorcycles on Sidewalks and Arcades initiative and paid motorcycle parking squares, red/yellow lines, adjacent to fire hydrants, road intersections, or designated bus stop zones. Towed bikes can be redeemed from one of the three towed pounds for bicycles in Taipei City: Fuyuan towed pound, Binjiang towed pound, or Longmen Junior High School underground towed pound. The exact locations of towed bikes can be determined by accessing the Bicycle Towing and Safekeeping Area on the Chinese website of Parking Management and Development Office. Owners should bring their ID and bicycle key to the respective towed pound. The bicycle can be redeemed after filling out the bike redemption form and paying the respective fees. Vehicles not picked up within 4 months will be disposed of in accordance with regulations. 
The 2018 CKS Shilin Residence Tulip Show will take place at the western-style garden abode of the late President Chiang Kai-shek between February 13 and March 28.   As a warmup activity offering a preview of the flowers, the public are invited to visit the outdoor area next to the north entrance of City Hall, where a pair of installations standing in a sea of tulips arranged by the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) will be on display for two weeks.   According to PSLO, the tulip is the national flower of the Netherlands. The Keukenhof Garden in the Low Countries is well-known for its spectacular seas of tulips.   Boasting nearly 20 varieties of tulips and hyacinths varying in color and shape, the CKS Shilin Residence Tulip Show will feature countryside elements inspired by Dutch culture, including windmills and wooden shoes. The showcase promises to become a tourist attraction for the upcoming Chinese New Year Holiday.   Nangang Park Management Division Director Chang pointed out that the tulip falls in to the category of bulbous flower, which normally blooms in winter and spring when temperatures are low. The plant comes in a wide range of colors spanning red, white, purple, pink, and yellow. The dual-color species is also a favorite among flower enthusiasts. 
The winners have been announced for the 2017 Old Building New Life Award on January 5! The gold medal has been presented to two winners: U-mkt and Ama Museum. The second place winners include Museum 207 and Long Nice Hot Spring, while Hehe Qingtian walked award with the bronze medal. Deputy Commissioner Wang Yu-fen of the Department of Urban Development noted that the competition spotlights the micro-facelift of old buildings and edifices, retaining old memories while adding new functions. This allows these old historical sites to play the role of story tellers, passing down tales and stories of the building and the community to new generations. The competition for 2017 received a total of 53 submissions. Each of the projects comes with their respective stories, showing how the society supports the idea of infusing new energies into old buildings across the city. Entering its 17th year, the organizers invited experts and academics including Wang Chun-hsiung, Lee Wei-yi, Lee Ching-chih, Ho Tai-wen, C.H. Lin, Hsu Chin-chih, Yang Shih-hung, and Su Ying-min to serve as jury members. Additional details are available at the awards Chinese website: http://www.taipeiface.com/2017/. For further information, please contact URO (TEL 02-2781-5696, ext. 3126, Mr. Chiu) or RandL (TEL: 02-2781-0111, Mr. Wei). 
The beta version of the city governments new website is now live! We invite users to visit the site and look forward to feedbacks. The beta site is accessible through January 12. (http://www.gov.taipei/)   According to the Department of Information Technology, the new website incorporates the concepts of UX (User Experience) and UCD (User-centered Design) at its core. In addition to interviewing members of the public and various organizations to identify their needs from government websites, the agency also analyzed information collected to improve user experience through the sites redesign.   The new city government website combines photos of Taipei City landmarks and offers speedy search functions to adapt to user habits. Basic functions such as citizen services, news updates, and public announcements are placed at predominant areas on the page to facilitate user access.   In addition, the design of the citizen services menu characterized by large icons has incorporated available functions into 87 subdirectories under 14 major categories. Information from 400 websites under 147 city agencies is also available from the site, providing users with a clear direction to the data they require.   The website interface also reflects the concept of RWD (Responsive Web Design), allowing users to browse the sites via various devices and browsers.   For suggestions and comments on the new website, please contact: serviceweb@mail.taipei.gov.tw 
On January 4, Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived at Chaoyang Park and Shude Park to inaugurate the new inclusive playground facilities during a joint press conference.   During his address, he expressed his gratitude to city councilors for their suggestions and support, as well as providing the city government with the budget to install the key playground facilities.   The mayor admitted that at first he doesnt know about the concept of inclusive playground. It wasnt until several city councilors mentioned the idea during city council sessions. Following their advice, the city implemented the policy starting with major parks, including Rongxing Park, Zhongyan Park, and Bihu Park. He later discovered that the concept is compatible with his belief of realizing politics in the daily life of citizens, through gradually expanding the concept of inclusive playground to include community parks.   Regarding playground facilities, Ko noted that in the past, park playground facilities can be generalized through the image of plastic cans. All the parks look identical and ugly in favor of lower cost. However, this does not fit well with Taipeis objective to become an advanced city. Therefore, the suggestion from city councilors on expanding inclusive parks fits well with the overall objective of city development.   The Department of Cultural Affairs implement the new policy with larger parks first, hoping to expand latter to smaller community parks. Installation of facilities have been completed for four parks, with another two slated for end of January and September 2018, respectively.   Commenting on the design of these new facilities, the mayor stressed that design requires funding. He took the opportunity to express his gratitude to eight local design teams for their roles in the project. Stressing that all the materials employed are made in Taiwan, he expressed his hope that the designing potential of local talents can be highlighted through these projects and exported to other countries in the future. 
With the approach of Chinese New Year, big box retailers and department stores are likely to see an increase in the number of visitors shopping for goods before the upcoming holiday. To ensure public safety, the city government began conducting spot checks to examine public safety measures taken by facility operators on January 2. Upon discovery of code breaches, violators will be subject to fines of NT$120,000. According to the Construction Management Office (CMO), the spot checks are conducted on a more frequent basis before the holidays to ensure the safety of these facilities in light of possible turnout of large numbers of holiday season shoppers. CMO pointed out that conducting public safety inspections is a major duty for the agency each year. The focus of the spot checks is not to punish the businesses, but to identify weaknesses through the inspection and raise the awareness of businesses in maintaining a safe environment for customers. Key emphasis of the inspection includes whether the emergency staircase, escape routes and corridors are kept clear, and whether automated roll-up doors and exhaust rooms are free from obstructions. If individuals notice any fire code violations at buildings that might endanger public safety, please contact CMO by calling the 1999 Citizens Hotline (ext. 8387). 
The Department of Cultural Affairs (DCA) is inviting performance groups to sign up for the 2018 Taipei Childrens Arts Festival! The event, which is a much-anticipated feast of the Citys art scene in summer, will take place between July 2 and August 5 later this year. Performing groups are invited to submit show proposals suitable for family recreation while seeking to stimulate imagination and creativity among kids. Application Details: *Qualifications: Performing arts groups registered in Taiwan or individuals aged 18 or older with experience in public performances or show production capabilities *Application Deadline: February 5, 2018 *Theme: Performances appropriate for both kids and parents *Result Announcement: Results will be published on Taipei Childrens Arts Festival website (www.taipeicaf.org) (Chinese) by the end of March, 2018 *Performance Period: July 2 - August 5, 2018 *Production Fee: NT$33,000 per session (tax included) *Performance Type: The performance venue, with a capacity of 400 seats, will be determined by the organizers. Applicants must ensure the performance can be conducted at both indoor and outdoor venues. *Selection: The judge panel will select eight groups, each expected to perform seven to eight sessions. *Note: A group can submit more than one performance proposals. Selected applicants will be asked to assist in promotional effort and provide information regarding their performances. *Contact: Taipei Culture Foundation 02-2528-9580, ext. 191-198 (before Jan. 21) or 02-2599-7973, ext. 300 (starting Jan. 22) 
With Chinese New Year around the corner, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) published the Citys garbage collection schedule during the upcoming holiday. The period between January 5 and February 4 has also been declared as the Year-end Cleanup Period. DEP urges the public to conduct cleanup of their home surroundings  especially fire lanes and containers with standing water  to help prevent dengue fever. For disposal of large bulk waste such as electrical appliances and old furniture, residents should call the 1999 Citizen Hotline to schedule pickup times with the agency. Improper disposal of bulky items could result in inconvenience for neighbors and may even disrupt local traffic.   In addition, those who encounter difficulty in dismantling separate components from items such as motorcycle helmets, umbrellas, trophies, or worn-out suitcases (no more than two pieces) are advised to bring the unwanted goods directly to the garbage trucks during the nighttime collection times. These items will be accepted without the need for designated trash bags. To get rid of three or more unwanted suitcases, residents should contact DEP to schedule pickups in advance.  DEP noted that a total of 37 trash collection spots are available across the citys twelve districts. Those who find the DEP rubbish pickup times incompatible with their schedule can also bring their household trash to the venues for disposal. These facilities are open between 6 AM to 11 PM. Further information on the venues can be found on DEP websitehttp://www.dep.gov.taipei(Chinese)  2018 CNY Garbage Collection Schedule    Date    General Trash   Kitchen Waste   Recyclable Waste   Oversized Items       Feb. 13   Tue.                 Feb. 14   Wed.                 Feb. 15   Thu.                 Feb. 16   Fri.                 Feb. 17   Sat.                 Feb. 18   Sun.                 Feb. 19   Mon.                 Feb. 20   Tue.                 Feb. 21   Wed.                 
A delegation consisting of girls softball players from junior high schools in Miyazaki Prefecture arrived at Beitou Junior High School on December 26. Students enrolled in the schools Japanese language classes served as guide for the visitors, taking them on a campus tour and providing information about the locations in Japanese.   The guests also took part in a series of adventure education classes with the girls softball team of Beitou Junior High School during their visit. The program is aimed at enhancing participants skills in problem solving, trust-building, and teamwork enhancement.   For the Japanese language class, Beitou Junior High School invited teacher Kuo Shu-chin from Taibei High Schools Japanese Language Division to serve as instructor. The class seeks to educate the students in speaking, reading, and writing in Japanese, thereby raising their interest in studying Japanese culture and acquiring an international perspective.   The Japanese language course for junior high school students is a part of the schools student talent training program implemented since the 2012 school year. Held during the eight period of the school day, the program offers different types of classes designed to highlight the different skills of students. The diversified courses seek to help students develop their interest and talents, thereby realizing the goal of the 12-year compulsory education policy.   For the current semester, the school offers classes such as creative editing, guitar, Japanese language, Scratch computer programming, basketball, and printmaking aesthetics. 
On the first day of 2018, Mayor Ko Wen-je led enthusiasts on the New Years Run at the Taipei Expo Park. The mayor expressed his hope that the public can adopt the habit of walking 10,000 steps a day to safeguard their health and continue the sports spirit highlighted during the Universiade in Taipei.   During his speech, the mayor said he is glad to see so many participants to kick-off the New Year through walking workouts.   He noted that the event, which has been held over many years and continues to attract numerous participants, is organized by the Hope Cultural and Educational Foundation and its chairperson Chi Cheng. He hopes that the popularity of sports and exercise can be sustained through activities such as basketball, baseball, or walking workouts and transform Taiwan into a healthy country.   During the joint press interview, the mayor noted that his New Years resolution is to make every day meaningful. Of course, he hopes that each day is full of happiness, but if not, at least act like each day is a day full of joy.   As for his interaction via facebook live-streaming event on New Years Eve and his remark hoping to be able to sleep six hours every day, the mayor noted that its hard to earn money, citing how he has to take part in the New Years Eve countdown, attend the flag-raising ceremony, and take part in the walking workout on the first day of the year. 
The Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) announced a new round of policies restricting free shopping bags which takes effect starting January 1, 2018. The updated regulation makes it mandatory for supermarkets, convenience stores, and retailors to provide reusable shopping-turned-trash bags. Starting January 1, seven types of business will be added to the list of groups banned from offering free plastic shopping bags. These shops include pharmacies, skincare stores, medical supplies shops, camera stores, ICT equipment retailers, bookstores, stationery shops, laundry shops, tea shops, and bakeries. According to DEP, the City has been promoting reusable shopping bags since 2013 to limited effect as the measure focused on voluntary basis. To reduce plastic consumption and working in line with Environmental Protection Administrations policies, DEP will enforce compliance with the plastic bag-reused-as-trash bag regulation through comprehensive inspections. DEP pointed out that spot-checks will target 15,000 businesses across the city. Violators will be fined between NT$1,200 and NT$6,000 in compliance with Articles 21 and 51 under the Waste Disposal Act.  DEP urges the public to bring their own shopping bags or make use of carton boxes and rental bags available at selected wholesale markets. Purchasing the reusable plastic bag should be the last resort as the City seeks to cut down on plastic waste through source reduction. 
In a bid to promote green transportation and reduce air pollution electric bus, Public Transportation Office (PTO) announced that the City will launch its first electric bus route in August, 2018.   The route, to be operated by Shin-Shin Bus Company with a fleet of 12 electric bus, comprises stops at Taipei Zoo, National Chengchi University-centered area, Xinyi Expressway, Taipei City Hall-centered area, and Songshan Station.   According to PTO, the buses will operate at an interval of 20 minutes during rush hours and 60 minutes during off-peak hours in the early stage of the service. The schedule will be adjusted depending on actual passenger demand.   The route, covering 11 schools, 4 MRT stations, and Maokong Gondola, will converge with three new thoroughfare bus routesRoosevelt Road, Xinyi, and Zhongxiaoproviding Wenshan District residents with more convenient and eco-friendly transportation service.   To encourage private participation in the green transportation initiative, PTO also offers a subsidy of NT$1.5 million for each electric bus procured by bus service providers. Meanwhile, the agency called upon the central government to implement incentives and cut red tape to facilitate the phase-out of diesel buses. 
The TRTC Standup Troupe is back again! Dressed in outfits characteristic of eight different countries to highlight the international image of Taipei Metro, and performing yodeling inspired by the catchy song Chicken Attack, the 18 members of the Standup Troupe announced they are ready to help revelers beat the MRT and bus rush taking place at the end of the New Years Eve Countdown Party in a press event on December 27! The performers will be stationed at the four major MRT stations around city hall  MRT Taipei City Hall Station, MRT Taipei 101/World Trade Center Station, MRT Xiangshan Station, and MRT Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station. The TRTC Standup Troupe will be responsible for promoting the key to New Years Eve MRT operation  distribute among three MRT lines to leave the venue and five tips to access MRT on New Years Eve: 1. Add value to your EasyCard or purchase a single-journey ticket beforehand. 2. Take Bannan Line or Tamsui-Xinyi Line to the Countdown Party. 3. Leave home earlier for the destination. 4. Disembark at MRT Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station or MRT Xinyi Anhe Station and walk to the venue. 5. When leaving, avoid crowded stops and walk to nearby MRT stations or shuttle bus stops. TRTC Standup Troupe reminds the public that there are 3 Donts for revelers taking part in the New Years Eve Bash: Dont push Dont shove and MRT Doesnt close on New Years Eve. When leaving, avoid crowded stops like MRT Taipei City Hall Station and MRT Taipei 101/World Trade Center Station, and choose ones such as MRT Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station, MRT Yongchun Station, MRT Xinyi Anhe Station, MRT Xiangshan Station, and MRT Nanjing Sanmin Station. Notes:  The train headway will be shortened to 2 mins 28 secs for MRT Bannan Line and 3 mins for Tamsui-Xinyi Line starting 5 PM on December 31. Headway adjustments will apply to other lines depending on crowd volume.  Depending on the size of the crowd, MRT trains may skip stations near the venue. Visitors will need to disembark at MRT Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station or MRT Xinyi Anhe Station and travel to the venue on foot.  Passengers bringing bicycles onboard on December 31 can do so between 6 AM and 3 PM. Bicycles will no longer be allowed after 3 PM.  In line with the traffic control measures implemented in the surrounding area of the city hall, the MRT Taipei 101/World Trade Center Station Exit 4 will be closed at 10 PM the Taipei City Hall Bus Station gate connecting MRT Taipei City Hall Station Exit 2 will be closed at 9 PM the Taipei City Hall Bus Station underground pathway will be closed at 10 PM and the Breeze Xinyi pathway connecting MRT Taipei City Hall Station Exit 3 will also be closed at 10 PM.  Three phases of passenger control measures will be implemented flexibly at MRT stations during this period depending on actual crowd volume: platform entry control, fare gates entry control, and station entry control.  Priority lanes will be established at the MRT Taipei City Hall Station, MRT Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station, and MRT Taipei 101/World Trade Center Station to provide quick access for disabled individuals, seniors, pregnant women, and children to reach the elevators. Other passengers are encouraged to use escalators or walk the stairs. 
Department of Information Technology (DOIT) announced that the public can now access value-added information regarding the Citys bicycle parking spots on the Data.Taipei website https://goo.gl/q7Xohi (Chinese). A collaboration between Taipei City Government and oBike, the Singapores smart bike-sharing company harnessed the bike parking data shared by Parking Management and Development Office (PMDO) by converting the TWD97 coordinate system into the universal WGS system incorporating longitude and latitude details. With the data conversion, commuters will find it easier to search and position bike racks across the city, thus contributing to more effective traffic management. The measure sets an example of successful public-private cooperation in an era characterized by data economy. According to DOIT, Data.Taipei is a platform comprising over 1,000 datasets in categories spanning transportation, air quality, and food safety. The website reports an average of 20 million uses and downloads a month. By tapping into private resources for the development of value-added applications, the city government seeks to create an environment where the public can gain insight into and make the most of data. 
Looking for a prime spot to watch the Taipei 101 New Year countdown fireworks spectacle? Visit Taipeis riverside parks that promise great views without the expected crowds drawn to the year-end bash near the landmark skyscraper. According to Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO), the longest-ever 360-second Taipei 101 pyrotechnic show will feature a gigantic LED lighting curtain consisting of 140,000 bulbs. With the illumination device to be installed on the northern facet of Taipei 101, the Rainbow Riverside Park offers a vintage spot for watching the lighting spectacle and fireworks upwind without smoke and haze blocking the view as the park is located north-east of the high-rise  not to be affected by the northeast seasonal winds. As another highlight of the countdown night, revelers are recommended to watch the 299-second Miramar fireworks at Meiti Riverside Park, which also serves as a top choice for cycling activity in the daytime. For individuals seeking to watch both pyrotechnic shows, Guanshan and Yingfeng riverside parks on the left bank of Keelung River are also your top choices. In addition, Guanshan, Guting, and Daonan riverside parks now offer stunning views of seas of flowers in full bloom. Come visit the venues during the New Year holiday! Information on Riverside Park Floral Feasts (Chinese websites): Guanshan: http://heo.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=373623121&ctNode=7287&mp=106031 Guting: http://heo.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=374155388&ctNode=7287&mp=106031d Daonan: http://heo.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=375583268&ctNode=7287&mp=106031 
 With the approach of Chinese New Year, the surge of cash flows at major financial institutions due to demand also increases the risk of bank heist and other security hazards. The Songshan Police Precinct organized a drill involving mock bank robbery at the Minquan Branch of the Cathay United Bank in the afternoon of December 22.   Staff members holding picket signs of Police Drill Ongoing were positioned in the surrounding area to inform pedestrians of the scheduled drill.   With two cops dressed up as bank robbers and armed with weapons, the burglars entered the bank and demanded everyone to lie down and bank personnel to fill the bag up with cash. Fortunately, the police on patrol arrived in time after the alarm was secretly activated to incapacitate one of the thieves.   In response to the other burglar who escaped during the confusion, the cops notified the reinforcement to set up check points and arrested the criminal at the intersection of Minquan East Road and Dunhua North Road.   The drill seeks to boost the security awareness of financial institutions and police officers. It also serves to remind police and bank personnel to pay attention to suspicious individuals and likely victims of fraud and scam.   The Police Department also reminds the public to request the agency for police escort in the case of transporting large amount of cash to minimize security concerns. In the case of witnessing a robbery, one should remain calm and observe the vehicle used for escape and the route taken. Call 110 as soon as possible to report the crime. 
The Animal Protection Office (APO) announced that Ningxia Branch of Loving Kindness Animal Hospital will join the ranks of the Citys animal hospice care institutions, which currently include Chongle Animal Hospital, Dr. Yangs Animal Hospital, Dr. Robert Animal Hospital, and Taiwan Noahs Ark Animal Association. Dedicated to animal protection, the Ningxia Branch of Loving Kindness Animal Hospital has participated in the APO-initiated program to commission veterinary facilities and private organizations to roles in emergency rescue and medical treatment for stray animals since 2012. In 2017, the hospital also became a certified member of the Citys animal hospice care facilities, providing palliative care and long-term medical treatment for old, ill, and handicapped pets.  According to APO, the Citys subsidy program for veterinary hospice service is eligible for two types of institutions: (a) veterinary facilities having obtained an operation permit in compliance with Veterinarian Act and providing long-term medical care for animals with chronic illnesses or disabilities, and (b) pet industry businesses having obtained an operation permit in compliance with Regulation for Specific Pet Industry Business and providing care for animals 7 years old or older. APO Director Yen I-feng pointed out that the City seeks to institutionalize animal hospice service to maintain comfort and quality of life for terminally ill or geriatric pets. Such a policy aims to catch up with the animal protection practices in advanced countries. Hopefully, the measure will help cultivate responsible pet ownership and propel Taipei forward as an animal-friendly city. 
The Department of Health (DOH) announced that a total of 6,000 flu vaccines are now available at designated MRT stations and Taipei City Hospital-affiliated outpatient clinics for residents and foreign nursing care workers. According to statistics, over 90 percent of patients with severe or complicated influenza have not been vaccinated against the virus. In addition, incapacitated people with chronic or catastrophic illnesses are at high risk for serious flu complications. Close contact with such patients could increase the chances of caretakers contracting influenza virus. In light of this, the Foreign and Disabled Labor Office urges employers of caretakers, their family members, and caregivers themselves  comprising mostlymigrant workers  to seize the opportunity for free immunization against the disease. Those seeking to receive the free vaccination should bring their ID documents and National Insurance Card. Foreign workers should present their Alien Resident Certificate and National Insurance Card to the staff at the stations. For information on flu inoculation locations, please visit the agencys Chinese website (http://health.gov.taipei/Default.aspx?tabid=537) (Chinese) or call 1999 Citizen Hotline. 
On December 26, Songshan Fengtian Temple held the incense burner-sealing ceremony to join the ranks of Taipei Citys certified environmental education venues. The temple having received its Environmental Education Venue Certificate in December, the temple culture demonstrated through the institution shows elements of diversity and environmental awareness. According to the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP), temples are important religious centers for Taiwan and taking on important roles to fulfill the spiritual needs for locals. The agency believes that working with religious establishments works well to promote conservation by tapping into the ranks of the faithful. Based on this principle, DEP has collaborated with Fengtian Temple for a long period, helping the temple establish its environmental education center in 2013. In 2014 and 2015, the project expanded to include employee environmental education program. It also joined hands with DEP to hold extracurricular environmental training camps for colleges and universities in 2016 and 2017. For its part, Songshan Fengtian Temple has also joined the movement of reducing the number of incense burners on temple premises to 4 over the past several years, as well as modifying the length and ingredients of incense used to reduce emission. During the ceremony on December 26, the temple further cut back the number of incense burners to two to reduce emission and safeguard the health of visitors. DEP pointed out that the total number of certified environmental education venues within Taipei City currently stands at 16  the highest in the nation. The agency encourages the public to take advantage of these facilities to learn more about efforts in protecting our environment and merging best practices into their daily life. 
Do you know which parks are inhabited by Taipei tree frogs? What are the best locations to watch fireflies in Taipei? What does an inclusive playground encompass? To familiarize the public with the Citys parks and nearby tourist attraction, the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) released an e-book introducing 30 park itineraries under six themes on January 23. The content has been updated with added information of twelve more eco parks and inclusive playgrounds across the city, PSLO announced. According to PSLO, the city government has implemented a range of measures seeking to bring the public closer to nature in the concrete jungle. Taking Daan Forest Park as an example, the City has successfully reintroduced firefly populations to the park in collaboration with local schools, foundations, and volunteers. Xiangshan Park, on the other hand, boasts a wetland environment conducive to the reproduction of Taipei tree frogs. In terms of avian species, the e-book provides information regarding areas frequented by Malayan night herons, Taiwan blue magpies, among other rare bird species. Floriculture Experiment Center Director Song Fu-hua also invites residents to utilize the newly installed inclusive playgrounds at Bihu Park, which features a pirate-ship themed play-for-all facility that incorporates a sand pit, climbing rope, and accessible amenities catering to kids with different abilities and special needs. With the Chinese New Year just around the corner, the public are welcome to embark on a micro travel at the selected recreational routes and parks covered in the e-book. For more information on the e-book, visit http://pkl.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=258054344&ctNode=88858&mp=106011 (Chinese) 
On December 23, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited Wufenpu, where he transformed into a middle-aged trendy man in a bid to promote Taipeis low-priced clothing fashion. The mayor completed his look at a bargain price of merely NT$3,000 from a 20-minute shopping at the garment wholesale hub. The items he purchased include a white hoodie, black pants, a black cap, and a pair of white sandals, which he wore to attend the 2017 Wufenpu COOL Runway Show taking place at Jinan Temple. As the event reached a climax of the event, Ko walked the catwalk dressed in the new apparel and struggled to pose like a model at the request of the event host. Wearing a wry smile, he joked that it is becoming ever more difficult to be a mayor nowadays. Amazed at his fresh new look, the mayor said he would like to go to work in the outfit, noting that the comfortable slippers would make him walk faster. Ko took the opportunity to underscore the importance of innovation for Wufenpu to secure a place in the competitive local fast-fashion clothing market. He reckoned that it is pivotal to inject more design thinking into Wufenpu for it to become a fashion trendsetter of Taiwan. The 2017 Wufenpu COOL Runway Show attracted the participation of students from fashion and textiles related departments of Yu Da High School of Commerce and Home Economics, Dao Jiang Senior High School of Nursing & Home Economics, Nengren High School of Commerce and Home Economics, and Fu Jen Catholic University. Highlights of the event include a model dress-up and makeover contest using clothing and accessories available at Wufenpu, allowing the budding designers to exert their creativity. 
Seeking a creative way to promote administrative achievements, the city government released the Run! Taipei web game reflecting a retro, 8-bit era design. The game is available for play on the Glory Taipei website to mark the third anniversary of Mayor Ko Wen-jes administration. Echoing Kos philosophy of innovative governance, the game features a scenario where the mayor must pass challenges laid out across twelve stages (tied to the twelve administrative districts) to accomplish his mission of saving the city. With simple mechanics involving running and jumping, the player gains points progressing through the levels and takes up challenges related with senior dining program, public housing, Taipei Universiade, among other policy implementation highlights. According to City Spokesperson Liu Yi-ting, the interactive game is an innovative presentation of the results of Taipeis administrative effort, in a sharp contrast to the dull approaches in the past to promote government achievements. He added that players will see residents show up to congratulate them upon clearing the game: This is to accentuate the role of the citizenry in assisting the mayor to weather crises. The gameplay also spotlights the main theme of the third-anniversary promotional campaign  Values of Advance, City of Glory -- addressing peoples daily life issues as the city moves forward towards a bright future. Play Run! Taipei at https://game.glory.taipei/ (Chinese) Glory Taipei website: https://glory.taipei/ (Chinese) 
Mayor Ko Wen-je met with Messaoud Romdhani in the morning of December 20. The two exchanged their opinions regarding civic society and societal trend of their respective nation during the talk. The visiting guest stressed the importance of dialogue among different groups, which Ko believes to be inspiring.   Regarding the Arab Spring starting in 2011, Ko posed the question that how come only Tunisia successfully embarked on the transition into democracy? to the guest. Romdhani pointed out that the key lies with the mature civic society of his nation. With a long history created by diversified people, Tunisias civic society has reached maturity where the public places heavy importance on the role of civic groups. Another element leading to success is a culture of communicating with a strong government on peaceful basis.   He stressed that different groups are willing to communicate and look for common grounds on issues shared in common is a key factor for the democratization process. However, someone with public credibility has to initiate the dialogues. From what he observed, he believes that Ko is the right person for starting such conversation.   Ko agrees that true dialogue is a direction which Taiwans society can attempt, rather than TV political talk show-style dialogue which would likely lead to a torn and polarized society. The mayor said he is considering having the city government step forward and inviting different social groups to meet and discuss subjects related to city administration, such as trash disposal and traffic.   The winner of the 2015 Nobel Peace Award is Tunisian National Dialogue Quartet, which includes the Tunisian General Labor Union, the Tunisian Confederation of Industry, Trade and Handicraft, the Tunisian Human Rights League, and the Tunisian Order of Lawyers. Romdhani served as the vice chairman of the Tunisian Human Rights League at the time. 
To mark the third anniversary of Mayor Ko Wen-jes administration, Taipei City Government released a video clip titled See the City of Glory on December 20 to promote the administrative achievements.   Unlike typical government promotion films that focus on the viewpoint of the mayor or magistrate, the clip features testimonies of residents across eight different occupations and age groups, inviting them to share their feelings about the City of Glory as well as their dialogues with the mayor.   According to City Spokesperson Liu Yi-ting, the themes for the first and second anniversaries of Kos administration highlighted Self Examination and Tribute to Public Officials. Entering the third year, the City seeks to return the spotlight to residents.   At the beginning of the video clip, the mayor remarked that It may be easy to open ones chest with the help of advanced modern medical technologies, but its definitely not easy to know ones true feelings. Therefore, the film production team designed a door to the mayors heart in the film, symbolizing a channel always available for the interaction and communication between the mayor and the citizens.   According to Ko, the problems residents encounter in their daily life are far more complicated than what government officials can fathom hence the words of citizens should be regarded as the most important guideline for city administration. Issues raised in the video include the lack of attention to public housing and the importance of cultural heritage. It is vital for the city government to listen to residents needs and realize their vision of an ideal city to build a truly city of glory, Ko reckoned.   See the City of Glory link: https://youtu.be/3ILK-hsxThU (Chinese) 
In light of possible large turnout at the upcoming New Years Countdown Party, the city government has unveiled a 3-stage traffic control plan for Xinyi District on the night of the event (between 7 PM on December 31 through 3 AM on January 1). The Traffic Engineering Office (TEO) noted that with the last day of 2017 being a Sunday, a large turnout of revelers is expected despite the absence of rush hour traffic in the neighborhood. The agency cited some of the thoroughfares in the vicinity which are likely to see large amount of traffic, including Keelung Road, Civic Boulevard, Zhongxiao E. Road, Renai Road, Xinyi Road, Minquan E. and W. Roads, Nanjing E. Road, Guangfu S. Road, Dunhua N. Road, Bade Road, Nangang Road, Jiuzong Road, Chengde Road, and Xinhai Road. Heavy traffic is also expected on the following bridges and overpasses: Civic Overpass, Jiangguo Overpass, Xinyi Expressway, Huandong Boulevard, Tiding Boulevard, First MacArthur Bridge, Second MacArthur Bridge, Dazhi Bridge, Yongfu Bridge, Minquan Bridge, Taipei Bridge, and Zhongxiao Bridge. Also, residents should be prepared to encounter heavy traffic in areas such as Miramar in Neihu, Maokong in Muzha, and Yangde Boulevard on Yangmingshan. For major intersections and thoroughfares across the city, street Lights will operate on rush hour basis starting 5 PM on December 31. Revelers should leave their home early or take public transportation to avoid possible delays on New Years Eve. 
On December 19, Mayor Ko Wen-je broke ground for the Neihu Technology Park Industry Support Facilities BOT project.   Describing it as the core of the broader Neihu Tech Park 2.0 Program, the project will see the establishment of a range of facilities and greens, as well as the implementation of a traffic flow improvement scheme.   Slated for completion in April of 2018, the No. 106 Park will take up 2.3 hectares. It is located in a street block confined by Ruiguang Road, Gangqian Road, and Zhouzi Street. The site is accessible by MRT Gangqian Station via a 3-minute walk.   In terms of traffic improvement, the west lane of Gangqian Road will be expanded during a one-month-long construction period, while a future north-south rail system will connect Neihu and Xinyi districts and linking Wenhu, Songshan, Bannan, and Xinyi MRT lines.   According to Ko, Neihu Tech Park BOT project will comprise creation of spaces for innovative entrepreneurship, business incubation, talent nurturing, co-working, and maker lab. The total floor area is expected to exceed 6,400 pings.   With operations slated to be inaugurated in 2020, the project involves NT$4.8 billion in private investment and is set to bring about at least NT$9.18 billion in revenues for the government. The projects implementation is also expected to generate approximately 3,000 job opportunities every year from operations.   Ko pointed out that the excess profit reciprocation mechanism stipulated in the contract ensures that the more profit earned by the businesses, the more revenue the city government will receive. He hopes that the project will help boost Neihu Tech Parks production value, which stands at NT$4 trillion today. 
Following the successful conclusion of the Meadow Daydream POP-UP showcase at URS 27 on December 9, the facility will host the 1937-2017 Huashan Grand Green Memories exhibition through December 26.   The Urban Regeneration Office (URO) joined hands with Taipei Village to organize the exhibition telling the story of the green pasture, hoping to bring the public closer to the outdoor area inside Huashan 1914 Creative Park.   Visitors will find information on the site, from its birth as a train cargo station during the Japanese Colonial Period to its redeployment as Huashan Train Station during the Post-war period. It witnessed the transition of Taiwans railway from surface to underground, as shown by photos of empty platforms.   The site officially became a part of the city governments URS (Urban Renewal Station) effort in 2010, changing its name to URS27 due to its address (No. 27, Linsen N. Road). This is the official beginning where the open grassland located amidst the concrete jungle became a venue for numerous creative and experimental activities and showcases.   During the exhibition period, the Grand Green is open to public access all day long, inviting everyone to come and co-create the URS daydream that belongs to all people.   For more information, please visit the Chinese website of Taipei Village (http://www.urstaipei.net/). Details are also available by calling URO (TEL: 02-27815696, ext. 3124 Ms. Wu). 
Still wondering about what to do for Christmas? Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that a range of activities will take place at Taipei Arena, Maokong Gondola, Taipei Childrens Amusement Park, National Taiwan Science Education Center, and Taipei Astronomical Museum from December 22 through January 1! *Taipei Arena Ice Land The rarely seen Winter Olympics sport of curling is coming to Ice Land! Come and try out the sport on December 22 (from 2:20 PM to 5:30 PM), December 23, and December 24 (from 12:20 PM to 5:30 PM). Santa Claus will join visitors in playing curling on an ice rink decorated with Christmas trees and snowman. Participants who successfully slide stones towards a target area will receive special prizes. The higher the score, the better the prize!  In addition, visitors are eligible to enter a raffle with a purchase of NT$700 or more at the Ice Land. Prizes include restaurant vouchers for Cheogajip Korean Fried Chicken, Hala Chicken, Pizza Hut buffet, and Hello Kitty Shabu. *Maokong Gondola As usual, a wall of wishes will be installed at the wood plank platform outside Maokong Gondola Maokong Station over the weekend of December 26. The facility has become a must-visit for tourists to place cards with their written wishes during the festive season. The lobby of Maokong Gondola Taipei Zoo Station will also feature a 52-inch TV equipped with a camera, allowing tourists to take a picture and edit the photo on the screen with the help of their creativity. *Taipei Childrens Amusement Park, National Taiwan Science Education Center, and Taipei Astronomical Museum A Christmas-themed percussion performance by young members from the well-known Ju Percussion Group will take to the stage at Taipei Tree Frog Square in Taipei Childrens Amusement Park (TCAP) between 3 PM and 4 PM on December 23. As a Christmas Month event, visitors can also collect stamps at designated spots across TCAP for a stamp rally ending on January 1. By accumulating 4 stamps, participants can enter a weekly raffle with seven stamps, they can exchange for a limited-edition EasyCard waterproof sticker, while eight stamps will win them an If Theater sticker set. In January, the organizers will determine the winners of grand prizes spanning Gogoro motorcycles, European train pass, and Taitung Hot Air Balloon rides. Whats more, TCAP will join hands with National Taiwan Science Education Center and Taipei Astronomical Museum to organize a hot deal campaign between December 23 and January 1. Individuals can acquire a stamp rally cool card at the three venues, as well as MRT Jiantan and Shilin Stations, to enjoy free admission among other preferential offers. To learn more about the Christmas program, please call the 24-hour TRTC hotline (02)218-12345 or visit http://www.metro.taipei/ (Chinese). 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press conference celebrating the one-year anniversary of the Longshan Creative Industry B2 Site.   During his address, the mayor noted that Longshan Temple is an important temple for both Wanhua and Taipei City. Statistics show that roughly 3 million visitors stop by the religious center every year. One of his visions during his election campaign is to stimulate the local economy of Wanhua District if visitors can extend their time they spend at Longshan Temple from 15 minutes to 60 minutes.   He noted that one of the challenges to revitalize the neighborhood is what to do with the homeless people in the area. While many people told him that theres no possible solution to the problem, through the effort of Commissioner Hsu and the staff members of the Department of Social Welfare, the city government is able to settle the homeless problem which has existed for over 20 years. It allows the homeless people to remain while at the same time passers-by wont be bothered by their presence.   As for the lesson learned, the mayor pointed out that something that looks impossible for a single agency may be manageable with additional involvement by the departments of civil affairs, environmental protection, and the police.   Regarding the site, the mayor said that the Department of Cultural Affairs was assigned the duty in September of 2016. He was pleased that the site was able to open on time in December. Over the past year, the Longshan B2 site has attracted over 400,000 visitors  including his office staff on impromptu inspection trips.   As for differences between Longshan B2 site and other creative industry sites, he explained that partner businesses and shops have been screened to ensure they demonstrate aspect of local elements. There are also performances and exhibitions by groups such as Yan Chai Hospital and Taipei Ching-ho Lion Dance Troupe. 
In the morning of December 17, a crowd comprising 30,000 runners from both Taiwan and abroad gathered at Civic Plaza, awaiting anxiously for the sound of the starting pistol kicking-off the annual Taipei Marathon. Despite the cold weather reaching 11-degree Celsius, Mayor Ko Wen-je unveiled the exciting news that the event has received the award for international marketing in the Ministry of Educations Sports Taiwan Local Characteristic Sport Event Nomination. In the future, Taipei Marathon will seek to become an urban marathon with strong local characteristics through acquiring top international certification. During his address, he expressed his welcome to the runners for taking part in the 2017 Taipei Marathon. The mayor pointed out that as the first major international sports event to take place after the conclusion of the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei, this years marathon attracted 3,200 international athletes from 51 countries. The organizers at city hall invested much time and effort to ensure that the marathon will once again bring Taipei into the global spotlight through its demonstration of passion and vitality. Regarding the marathon route this year, Ko remarked that the runners will head past the four old city gates, including North Gate, East Gate, Lesser South Gate, and South Gate, leading them onto a tour of Taipeis major historical sites. Finally, the mayor took the opportunity to express his gratitude to the sponsors, medical staff, police and traffic personnel, and marathon staff members for making the event possible. He wished success to the marathon and the athletes good luck. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je announced the Taipei City Government Equal Pay for All Genders policy during a career networking event for middle-aged and senior laborers on December 16. The move marked the first of its kind in Taiwan to promote pay equity through policy instruments.  According to Ko, Taiwan has long been confronted with challenges in labor shortage and an aging society, involving low female labor force participation rates and low birth rates. Women often have to drop out of the job market when they marry or give birth. They are also expected to take the responsibility of caring for the kids and senior members of the family. As a result, the number of women workers sees a sharp decline after women reach the age of 35  one of the causes of the gender wage gap. The Equal Pay for All Genders policy is the city governments solution to this problem, seeking to encourage participation of women in the labor force through measures such as establishing community-based daycare centers and non-profit kindergartens, providing after-school programs for kids, and subsidizing the implementation of childcare measures for corporations. The mayor also urged the central government to address the issue of gender pay gap by means of increasing salary transparency in the job market, reverse the trend of falling wages, eliminate gender role stereotypes, fight workplace gender discrimination, and promote gender equality -- so as to empower women and remove the barriers to female involvement in economic activities. The approach will help businesses retain talent while generating productivity growth.  To learn more about workplace equality, please visit the Chinese website of Department of Labor (DOL) at http://bola.gov.taipei/mp.asp?mp=116003 or dial 1999 Citizen Hotline, ext. 7023. 
On December 14, Mayor Ko Wen-je presented awards to the three winners of the 21st Taipei Culture Award. He also took the opportunity to express his gratitude to the 58 individuals recognized by the Award over the years. This years winners include writer Chung Chiao, singer Ayugo Huang, and Ming Hwa Yuan Arts and Cultural Group. During his address, Ko pointed out that this years award seeks to honor individuals who dedicate themselves to cultural work, possess an innovative spirit, excel at interdisciplinary projects, and contribute to promoting Taiwan on the global stage. Writer Chung Chiao strives to raise social awareness through the medium of Peoples Theatre. Singer Ayugo Huangs renditions of Hakka folk songs pull the heartstrings of many people. Ming Hwa Yuan Arts and Cultural Group, one of the most recognized Taiwanese opera troupes which have made its name globally, demonstrates that culture is the best means to connect the world. Despite the diverse backgrounds and expertise of the 58 Taipei Culture Award winners over the past 21 years, they share something in common  their devotion to a particular profession. Noting that success requires an extreme level of concentration, he congratulated the award winners and thanked them for their contributions in helping to create a vibrant cultural scene for the island. In tribute to both the late founder of Eslite Bookstore Robert Wu and deceased documentary filmmaker Chi Po-lin, the award ceremony also featured a film screening session. Videos on how Wu successfully built the reputation of Eslite as Taipeis source of pride and how Chi managed to shed light on environmental facotors shaping Taiwans development through aerial photography paid tribute to the two giants of Taiwans cultural scene. 
Between December 15 and January 31, the Department of Civil Servant Development (DCSD) will hold the 2017 Taipei Summer Universiade Validation File Application Exhibition at the institute. The showcase consists of various ID passes and technology employed during the Universiade, including various Universiade ID cards, security stickers, and RFID microchips. Visitors will also have a chance to take their photo with Bravo  the mascot of the Taipei Universiade.   The exhibition is open to the public between 9 AM and 4 PM (closed on weekends and holidays) on the first floor lobby of Building E at DCSD. Universiade fans can exchange their ID card for a visitors pass at the security checkpoint at the gate to visit the facility.   In addition, the first 50 guests visiting the exhibition each day will receive a free souvenir!   DCSD Director Paul Chu noted that despite the successful conclusion of the games this summer, the event established numerous records and achievements for the city. Among the accomplishments, the adoption of high-spec ID cards reinforced with anti-forgery technology helped to ensure the safety of over 70,000 staff members and athletes. 
With 2017 drawing to a close, the Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) announced that Taipeis riverbank parks will be ringing in the New Year with seas of flowers. Highlighting festive themes, HEO has arranged 140,000 plant pots to be planted at Gaunshan Riverbank Park, creating a vivid landscape characterized by curvy color belts in red, pink, and orange hues. The color combination also injects a tinge of warmth to the surroundings amidst the humid and cold winter. Gaunshan Riverbank Park boasts a vast expanse of land reaching 4,000 square meters. The dazzling flora sea can be seen from Guanshan (Keelung River No.5) floodgate and the cycling trails along First and Second MacArthur Bridges. HEO pointed out that a variety of winter flowering plants are blooming from late December through January. These include Petunia, Salvia farinacea, Wax begonia, and Mexican marigold. Flower enthusiasts and tourists should not miss out on the opportunity to take in the breathtaking views! Public Transportation: MRT: Take Songshan Xindian Line and disembark at MRT Songshan Station (Exit 1), and walk along Ln.709 of Bade Road Section 4. Enter Raohe (Keelung River No.4) floodgate and proceed towards First MacArthur Bridge. Bus: Take Bus 63, 286 (Shuttle), 307, B27, BR1, or Minsheng Metro Bus and disembark at Xindong Borough Stop. Walk towards Minsheng-Tayou intersection and turn right to enter Guanshan (Keelung River No.5) floodgate. Driving directions: Take National Highway No.1 and exit at Binjiang Interchange. Drive along Fuyuan Street to Minsheng-Tayou intersection and turn left to enter Guanshan (Keelung River No.5) floodgate. 
At the witness of the organizations president Tatsuya Watanabe, Mayor Ko Wen-je accepted the certificate from International Fair Trade Towns Steering Committee (IFTTSC) in a press event on December 12. This marked a milestone for Taipei, as it became the first fair trade city in the Chinese world. During his address, the mayor pointed out that fair trade was listed among the United Nations Millennium Development Goals in 2013. Currently, there are over 2,000 fair trade towns across the world  mostly in Europe and the US. Since assuming office, Ko has instructed Taipei City Office of Commerce to collaborate with Fairtrade Taiwan in promoting the concept on school campuses and in the corporate world. He reckoned that an advanced nation should uphold the values of fairness, justice, and environmental protection, rather than seeking to maximize profits when conducting economic activity. For example, the City shoulddo its best to ensure that imported coffee beans were produced free of child labor, slavery, or environmental damage. Regarding measures to promote fair trade, the mayor remarked that the effort requires support from city government, Taipei City Council, and the private sector. Campaigns will be mounted across the board by a dedicated agency to ensure that all merchandise meets fair trade standards concerning aspects from production to sales. 
With the 2017 Taipei Marathon taking place this Sunday (December 17), the city government announced that affected thoroughfares will be placed under traffic control between 5 AM and 1 PM on the day of the event.   The route of the marathon are as follows: City Hall Road, Xinyi Road, Songzhi Road, Songgao Road, Yixian Road, Renai Road, Xinyi Road, Hangzhou South Road, Aiguo East/West Road, Zhonghua Road, Zhongxiao West Road, Chongqing South Road, Ketagalan Boulevard, Zhongshan South/North Road, Beian Road, Mingshui Road, Lequn 1st Road, Tiding Boulevard, Second MacArthur Bridge, Tayou Road, and Keelung Road Underpass, as well as the riverside park section between Zhongshan Bridge and Chenggong Bridge. The marathon is expected to attract 27,000 runners.   During the marathon, roads along the marathon route will be off-limits to vehicles. All bus stops located along the marathon route will also be temporarily suspended. For affected bus routes, please visit the Chinese website of Public Transportation Office (http://www.pto.gov.taipei/).   The following detours are suggested for vehicles to traverse roads under traffic control during the marathon:    Northbound traffic seeking to cross Renai Road:       Cars: Right turn on Keelung Road to Xinyi Road and connect to Songren Road. Another option is to head up to Jiangguo Overpass via Xinyi Road. Motorcycles: Right turn on Keelung Road to Xinyi Road and connect to Songren Road.       Southbound traffic seeking to cross Renai Road: 	 Cars: Head up Jiangguo Overpass from Changan E. Road, take Songren Road, or take the Zhongxiao E. Road underpass until reaching Zhongxiao W. Road and left turn on Zhonghua Road. Motorcycle: Take Zhonghua Road or Songren Road.   Eastbound traffic seeking to cross Zhongshan N/S Road: 	 Cars: Take Zhongxiao W. Road Underpass, Civic Boulevard Overpass, or Chengde Road all the way to Shilin and connect to Xinshen Overpass to continue to travel south. Motorcycles: Take Zhongxiao W. Road Underpass or left turn from Minzu W. Road to Zhongshan N. Road and connect to Beian Road.   Westbound traffic seeking to cross Zhonshan N/S Road: 	 Cars: Take Zhongxiao E. Road Underpass, Civic Boulevard Overpass, or Xinsheng Overpass to Jiantan Road and left turn onto Chengde Road. Motorcycles: Take Zhongxiao E. Road Underpass or left turn from Minzu W. Road to Zhongshan N. Road and U-turn via the lane under Zhongshan Bridge.   Northbound traffic seeking to cross Aiguo W. Road: Take Zhonghua Road. Southbound traffic seeking to cross Zhongxiao W. Road: Take Zhonghua Road. Southbound traffic on Tiding Boulevard: Take Jiuzong Road. Traffic on Second MacArthur Bridge heading into the city: Take First MacArthur Bridge. Northbound traffic on Tayou Road: Take Nanjing E. Road and turn on Sanmin Road. Westbound traffic on Huandong Boulevard: Exit at Nangang Software Park ramp and take either Zhongxiao E. Road or Nangang Road. Traffic control zone around Grand Hyatt and TWTC: 	 Entry: Renai Road Section 4  Right turn to side lane on No. 1 Road  Songshou Road  City Hall Road  Xinyi Road or Zhongxiao E. Road  Right turn to Keelung Road and travel south through tunnel  Songshou Road  City Hall Road  Xinyi Road. Exit: Xinyi Road  Right turn into 1-6 Road  Right turn to Keelung Road  Travel north via tunnel or Songshou Road  Left turn on Keelung Road    
Mayor Ko Wen-je invited entrepreneurs to establish business in Taipei, pledging government support as he spoke to the crowd at the opening reception for the Fastrack Creative and Innovation Center on December 11. During his address, the mayor touted Taipei as Asias most democratic and open, as well as free and diverse metropolis. These values are the basic requirement to foster startup activity. The city is also a hub for financial industry comprising 80 percent of the islands banks, as well as housing 10 of Taiwans 17 medical centers. These advantages add to the fact that Taipei has the highest concentration of incubators, accelerators, social networking platforms, and entrepreneurial resources compared to other municipalities. Recalling an anecdote from a few years ago involving the Swedish clothing retail company H&M setting up shop in Taipei and challenges it encountered, Ko reckoned that he welcomes businesses to make inquiries regarding operations via the government-established StartUP@Taipei and file complaints directly through the Mayors Office should they encounter any problems. He added that StartUP@Taipei provides services spanning startup examination, consultation, networking opportunities, master lectures, and loans. Between 2015 and 2017, the subsidy provided to such startups by the city government amounted to NT$8 billion. Acknowledging the importance of the availability of startup bases, the mayor noted that the City has been actively engaging itself with related developments. Currently, the span of ventures in this area includes Taipei Co-space, CIT, UMKT, Tongan Market Startup Bases, Taipei digiBlock, ARI, and more upcoming venues. Hopefully, the approach will help unleash the entrepreneurial potentials of the private sector. 
Deputy Mayor Charles Lin visited the site of Greater Gangqian Park to check on the progress of construction works on December 12. The facility, slated for completion in April of 2018, is expected to provide a large plot of greenery for residents and workers in the neighborhood of Neihu Technology Park. According to Lin, the park borders Jinmianshan to the north and Keelung River to the south. The park operates as a part of the urban greens network, creating a space where visitors can bask in the tranquility of the surroundings. Parks and Street Lights Office Director Huang Li-yuan pointed out that the park is accessible with bus stops nearby and the major thoroughfare Ruiguang Road is located to the south. Therefore, the agency established the Urban Oasis Portal at the corner of Ruiguang Road and Reiguang Road Lane 393, using simple design to contrast the trendy and modern feeling of Neihu Technology Park. Inside the park, the Herb Plaza is the home to numerous types of herbs to ensure that visitors will be able to enjoy the sight of these plants all-year-round. The Forest Plaza is located at the point with highest elevation inside the park. The Rainwater Garden, located next to Neihu District Sports Center, boasts a garden which also serves to filter rainwater to lessen the burden on the surrounding environment. The facilities for kids are characterized by integrating different geographic features of the surroundings, bringing children into contact with the natural environment. Slides, ladders, and staircase also incorporate natural materials, as well as encouraging them to use their limbs in maintaining balance and for climbing. 
The Maokong Tea Harvest Festival kicked-off on December 9! Organized by the Taipei Maokong International Tea Commercial District Association, the event featured Future Mail  Tea Can Message Delivery. Mayor Ko Wen-je joined participants in the tea-sealing ceremony, placing tea-leaves of locally-grown Tieguanyin in tea canisters alongside a note about their own wishes or messages they would like to send to somebody on a specific date in the future.  According to Ko, the annual tea harvest of Maokong has attracted an increasing number of participants over the past three years since the commercial district received assistance from Taipei City Office of Commerce. The feast not only incorporates local tea industry traits and rich geographical and cultural resources, but also allows participants to learn more about the customs of the region and acquire tea-related knowledge. Events like this will help draw tourists and boost industry development, the mayor reckoned.  The tea harvest event also spotlighted the pilgrimage of Chajiao Matsu  the Tea Trade Matsu boasting a century-long history  comprising a ride on the Maokong Gondola. Led by President of Maokong Commercial District, Mayor Ko took part in a worship ritual to pray for burgeoning business for the Maokong area. On the second day of the festival, the organizers held a tea appreciation class to introduce participants to tea-drinking etiquette and the essence of Chinese tea appreciation. More information on the tea feast can be found at the Chinese Facebook fan pages of Taipei Maokong International Tea Commercial District Association (https://www.facebook.com/MKTS0127/) and TCOOC (http://www.facebook.com/tcooc). 
During the inauguration ceremony for smart payment services at the Taipei Fish Market on December 11, Mayor Ko Wen-je reiterated his commitment to make cash and coin disappear from business transactions in Taipei City. As the first fish market in the nation to accept smart payment methods, transactions by sales agents may be processed through bank GIRO transfers in the future. The arrangement also allows for services such as providing flexible credit limits by financial institutions for sales agents. According to Ko, the market sees visits by over 1,700 sales agents to secure supplies of fishery products. With annual transactions reaching 25,700 metric tons and roughly NT$3 billion changing hands, transactions often involve large amounts of cash and checks brought by sales agents during wee hours for payment. On the other hand, it takes staff members 2 to 3 days to complete the bookkeeping. Therefore, the introduction of smart payments will both speed up the transactions and enhance the security of future transactions. According to Ko, the employment of e-commerce tools allows for faster and safer transactions, while big data analysis allows observers to acquire a better understanding on the trends of the industry. He expressed his gratitude to Bank Sinopac and Taipei Fish Market for working with the city government on the project and upgrading related software. He hopes to push the measure to other wholesale markets such as the Taipei Flower Market and the Fruit and Vegetable Wholesale Market in the future. Regarding overall renovation of Taipeis marketplaces, the mayor pointed out that works on Huannan Market has begun and construction of the relay stations for the Fruit and Vegetable Wholesale Market and the Taipei Fish Market is slated to start around Chinese New Year. The three projects alone require nearly NT$20 billion in construction budget. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening ceremony for 2017 Taiwan Healthcare Expo at TWTC Nangang Exhibition Hall on December 7. During his address, Ko reckoned that the occasion marked the first time the capabilities of Taiwans medical industry took the spotlight in an exhibition. The fair saw the participation of 50 medical centers and regional hospitals, as well as 300-odd corporations and institutions specializing in ICT, medical equipment, pharmaceutical products, and nursing services. The expo is arguably the largest of its kind on the island, boasting over 1,000 booths covering cradle-to-grave healthcare. The future of Taiwans healthcare industry lies in the integration of existing resources rather than the development of new medicines, equipment, or techniques, noted the mayor. Citing extra-corporeal membrane oxygenation as an example, he pointed out that National Taiwan University leads the world in applying the life support technique to CPR procedures, which can be performed in 15 minutes. He also acknowledged the effort of Taipei City Hospital in advancing household healthcare by dispatching doctors to elderly patients living in the communities. The practice involves the development of a sound electronic health record system, electronic prescribing, and ways to carry portable ultrasound examination devices. Hence, Taiwan needs to take advantage of its strength to effectively incorporate new techniques into the medical industry. In addition, the mayor made a case for driving the islands biotech industry through the support from its clinical medicine capabilities, rich pool of medical talents, and resources. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the kick-off ceremony for the 2017 Taipei Christmas Festival  Follow the Mayor to Locate the Bears event at the Chaoyang, Station-rear, and Huayin commercial districts. Noting that Christmas season is a period characterized by heated retail competition among stores and businesses, Ko hopes that the stamp-rally campaign which offers nutcracker bears as prizes will help to bring more people to the participating commercial districts. The mayor hopes that the campaign will encourage businesses to replace competition with cooperation, treating consumers as a shared resource among the stores in the neighborhood. He remarked that doing so will contribute to the further development of Taipeis industries and stimulate the citys economy. Participants of the stamp rally campaign will need to collect 3 different stamps from any of the 82 participating businesses (at least one of the stamps should be from a store in the commercial districts). They can submit the stamp sheet along with a receipt or proof of purchase exceeding the minimal spending amount to receive one nutcracker bear. In addition, those who collect all 7 different kinds of nutcracker bear is eligible to receive the secret eighth version nutcracker bear. For more information, please visit the official Chinese website of the activity: https://2017taipei-xmas.com.tw/ 
The Fire Department (TFD) is calling on the public to adopt the search and rescue dog Ruby  an eight-year-old German shepherd retiring from the agency. According to TFD, the Citys rescue dog squad has enlisted 12 canines since its establishment on December 21, 2000. Among the members, 10 dogs have passed the level B exams under the International Rescue Dog Organization (IRO) certification system. The well-trained dogs have carried out rescue missions in both Taiwan and abroad, including countries such as Iran, Indonesia, and China. They play an important role in the aftermath of earthquakes, tsunamis, gas explosions, mountain accidents, and other disaster scenarios. However, given the strenuous and demanding work environment, the average service period for a rescue dog is either four years or mandatory discharge at the age of seven. The campaign encouraging adoption of rescue dogs has proven successful in helping six canines find sweet foster homes after retirement since August 28, 2015. TFD noted that Ruby received her IRO RH-TB certification in 2012. With both age and years in service reaching the limits, Ruby is facing mandatory retirement. The agency invites dog enthusiasts to apply for adopting this courageous rescue dog before the deadline of January 6, 2018. The criteria for would-be foster families include the following: residing on the ground floor of a house with a backyard/outdoor space of at least 10 square meters Taipei citizens preferred. Application form can be downloaded at http://www.119.gov.taipei/detail.php?type=article&id=15368)(Chinese). For inquiries, call TFD at 02-2729-76685, ext. 6323 or 02-8502-6151. 
The Dadaocheng Museum is holding a special exhibition at the PureRoom Gallery which opened to the public on December 2. The event will last through December 12. To commemorate the 30-year anniversary of the movement calling for the preservation of Dadaocheng, the Urban Regeneration Office joined hands with Taipeis urban walking tour groups in arranging the Dadaocheng Museum. The activity involves open house at over 50 private spaces in the neighborhood, allowing visitors to look beyond the exterior into the daily life of those who live and work in the community. In addition to numerous moving stories and anecdotes, Dadaocheng has also seen its share of events and activities taking place in the neighborhood every day. However, have these occasions help to bring about changes and transitions for the community? Whats left for the district after the crowd disperses? The exhibition proceeds to tell the story of the neighborhood with the first deity pilgrimage of Xiahai City God Temple in 1879. The showcase will also resurrect memories of Chinese New Year Street Bazaar, International Art Festival, and religious events in the neighborhood. Visitors will also have a chance to appreciate these events from the perspective of local residents and businesses. The venue for the Dadaocheng Museum Exhibition is PureRoom Gallery (Address: No. 4, Lane 239, Nanjing W. Road, Datong District). For more information, please visit the Chinese Facebook fan page of Taipei Urban Walking Tours or contact URO by phone (TEL: 2781-5696, ext. 3119). 
The Shilin Residence Chrysanthemum Show has successfully boosted its international profile! Korean delegates from the Council of Asian Floral Exhibitions are visiting the exhibition to conduct exchanges on horticulture knowhow and exhibition operations. According to Parks and Street Lights Office Director Huang Li-yuan, the Council of Asian Floral Exhibitions consists of major floral exhibitions in Asia, including Taiwan (Shilin Residence Chrysanthemum Show), Nepal (Nepal Botanical Garden Expo), Bhutan (Royal Bhutan Flower Exhibition), Indonesia (Tomohon International Flower Festival), Kazakhstan (Astana Flora Expo), Pakistan (Pakistan Flower Show), and South Korea (Goyang International Flower Festival). Hae ri Park, the council representative from South Korea, toured the Shilin Residence Chrysanthemum Festival at the invitation of city government. The exchange is important for expanding mutual knowledge in the fields of horticulture expertise, showcase organization, floral arrangements, and marketing strategies. Expressing amazement at the skills demonstrated by PSLO staff in arranging the Da-li Chrysanthemum display, Park praised the display for plant in successfully highlighting characteristics such as shapes and colors, as well as organizing them to form the shape of a water drop. The Korean delegate also extended an invitation to Taipei City Government to take part in the 2018 Goyang International Flower Festival slated for May of 2018. Hopefully, by setting up a pavilion demonstrating horticultural arrangements with local flavors, more foreign friends will be able to learn about Taiwans accomplishment in horticulture and gardening. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je delivered greetings in Thai, Vietnamese, and Indonesian during his address at a yearend party for the Citys womens organizations on December 5. He also joined participants in making indigo dye, toothpaste, and tasting Indonesian delicacies. During his speech, Ko praised the facility for its sound equipment and space management which allows for interaction among womens groups. The space also provides a platform conducive to collaboration and experience-sharing between the public and private sectors, playing a role in advancing womens welfare. Women encounter different types of problems during different stages in their life, the mayor reckoned. They will be more capable of dealing with sexual harassment at the workplace if they have access to a learning environment highlighting gender quality at school. In a society venerating traditional values, women are also expected to take up the responsibility of looking after kids and elders. Therefore, more joint effort from the government and private corporations to improve care systems for both infants and the elderly will in turn help relieve some of womens burden. Ko noted that the purpose of the visit is to inspect the progress of the facilitys effort in promoting womens rights. He expressed his approval of the institutions operations, as well as its role in arranging a variety of events from performances to cooking sessions. 
Taipei City Government has brought home two more trophies in the field of engineering and landscaping! The honors were given by the Chinese Institute of Civil and Hydraulic Engineering for the Engineering Environment and Beautification Award. The two projects receiving the award include the North Gate Landscaping Project and Zhoumei Xianzigang Park, claiming top honors in the categories of Construction Beautification and Landscaping and Construction Ecology and Environment. Parks and Street Lights Office Director Huang Li-yuan noted that the North Gate Landscaping Project is an important part of both the West District Portal Project and the nations first impression upon visitors. To highlight its role as a historical landmark, the project focuses upon the restoration of surrounding areas of North Gate to the elevation during Qing Dynasty and emphasizing the relations between the gate and the city wall. Zhoumei Xianzigang Park, the other winner, is a multi-purpose park offering citizens an alternative for spending their leisure time. The park preserves the river path gabion of the old Xuangxi River to serve as the pool in front of the pumping station, which also plays a role in anti-flood prevention during flood season. The terrain east of the river path is now an ecology zone which is an ideal place for terrestrial birds to nest and reside in. The Chinese Institute of Civil and Hydraulic Engineering is a renowned organization which has been proactively engaged in activities and academic research in the engineering field. According to Chairman of the institute and professor of National Taiwan University Leu Liang-jenq, there are many outstanding engineering experts in Taiwan who work hard in creating excellent projects. Through the awards, the institute seeks to encourage contest participants and stimulate the development of Taiwans construction industry. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a press event recognizing the Citys outstanding commercial districts at SPOT Huashan on December 4. During his address, Ko pointed out that a total of 26 business groups submitted creative proposals, 7 of which were awarded. The winners include the Beauty Business Trade Association of Taipei Tianmu Marketplace Development Association Nanchang Furniture Street Development Association Chengde Automobile Commercial District Development Association Chongnan Book Street Promotion Association Ximen Pedestrian Zone Development Association, and Taipei Hot Springs Association. The event was held to encourage commercial districts across Taipei to polish up the image of the city by highlighting characteristics of local brands through an innovative approach, Ko remarked. He stressed the three core concepts to promote commercial districts: localization, which seeks to integrate local traits internationalization, involving methods to lure foreign tourists and industrialization  enhancing the profitability of businesses. According to Ko, the City has employed the features of Google Map in placing 15 kinds of keys to mark the different services for commercial districts. These markers indicate traits such as foreign language service, free WIFI connections, charging sites for cell phones, bicycle friendly locations, vegetarian friendly restaurants, and others. He urged commercial districts to support the Citys policies and work together to improve service quality to attract more visitors. 
To mark International Day of Persons with Disabilities, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a press event for the documentary Happy Together produced by Public Television Service at the Resource Center for the Disabled on December 3 During his address, the mayor noted that the physically-challenged not only have to cope with mental and physical difficulties, but they are also confronted with discrimination and unfriendliness from various aspects of society. Noting that the issue takes time to address, Ko promised government effort to create an accessible and disability-friendly environment. Measures include the implementation of neighborhood traffic improvement plan, aimed at reducing road traffic accident deaths while allowing wheelchair users to move around more safely in lanes. The project, having been met with opposition in the early phase a success, is gaining support with incentives provided by the government. Sharing his opinions on the film, the mayor pointed out that Happy Together is about building a life circle empowering disabled people, allowing them to live independently. Taking three years to complete, the documentary was shot in Taiwan, the United States, the Netherlands, and Japan.  Ko announced that Department of Social Welfare will establish the islands first Independent Living Center for the Disabled in 2018. The facility will provide a platform where people with disabilities can acquire skills needed to overcome barriers to living and participating in their community. 
Dressed in a chefs uniform, Mayor Ko Wen-je joined five-start chefs in turning leftover food into delicious meals in an event to support the save food initiative in Nangang on December 2. The green event was organized by Leofoo Tourism Group. As a way to advocate resource recycling, organizers also took the opportunity to call upon the public to donate unused stuff to disadvantaged children. To the surprise and amusement of participants, the city mascot Bravo the Bear appeared at the occasion to demonstrate his support with an unlikely present  a large fish! According to Department of Information and Tourism Commissioner Chien Yu-yen, the accommodation industry places considerable emphasis on the quality of services. However, the Citys policy to promote eco-friendly measures at hotels  for example encouraging leftover takeaway, adjusting air-conditioning temperatures to 26 degrees Celsius, switching lighting to energy-saving mode, skipping changing bedsheets, and not providing disposable amenities  could result in customer discontent if no sound supplementary measures are put in place. Chien stressed that with Taipeis hotel and lodging industry receiving an average of 10 million guests a year, it is pivotal that a balance is stricken between customer satisfaction and eco-friendliness through innovative thinking and marketing. As such, Chien announced that the City will take an active role in overseeing the establishment of 20 new environment-friendly hotels next year. Incentives will also be implemented in line with the central governments policies for accommodation businesses in installing energy conservation equipment, a measure set to benefit 600 hotels across the city. 
December will be a month boasting a lively arts and cultural scene for Taipei! The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) is joining hands with the Citys accommodation industry players to hold the Artrain Taipei event throughout December, featuring installation art, exhibitions, performances, humanistic essence, creative products, crossover collaborations, music, drama, and dance! There will be 28 free activities and performances taking place across the Citys idiosyncratic youth hostels. Performers include individual bands, singer songwriters, and aboriginal dance troupes. Those interested in guided tours are invited to sign up for the Adventure Train. Participants have a chance to explore Taipeis important historical attractions including Taipei Beimen Post Office, Zhongshan Hall, Office of the President, and Jingfu Gate among others by riding the G17 Old Town Bus. Musical enthusiasts should not miss out on the Music Drama Artrain, involving stage performances against the backdrop of hotel spaces. Registration is required via http://www.hs-station.com (Chinese) due to limited seating. Artrain Taipei also features a variety of performances that do not require signing up ahead of time. Highlights include Return Artrain, Life Story Artrain, Taiwanese Mariachi Artrain, Daily Girl on Tour, and Artrain End. From indigenous traditional songs, story sharing, nostalgic Taiwanese folk songs, live band gigs, Youtuber concert, to talk shows  the diversified forms of performances seek to present a feast where the islands immense arts and cultural energy interacts with travelers from around the world. According to statistics, Taipei currently has 61 youth hostels providing 4,000 beds. The number of youth hostels has increased 12.5 times over a five-year period. TPEDOIT has subsidized 21 hotel-organized events in 2017 amounting to NT$6 million. 
With the New Years bash right around the corner, the Department of Social Welfare (DSW) has secured a dedicated zone for disabled participants to enjoy the annual music and fireworks spectacle! The agency invites people on wheelchairs or with mobility impairment using assistive cane(s), as well those who are visually-impaired, with autism, or mentally-disabled to sign up for a seat starting 9 AM on December 4. Considering factors such as safety and access, the designated zones for disable people will be located at the intersection of New Renai Road and Keelung Road. Taking up a total area of 70-pings, the zone has a capacity for 85 disabled individuals and one companion for each of them. Signup for the designated zone is accepted between 9 AM on December 4 and 5 PM on December 8. To register, please visit the Chinese website of DSW (http://www.dosw.gov.taipei/) and click on the 2018 New Years Eve Party Seating Registration for Disabled Individuals banner. Registration is also available by calling the agency (TEL: 02-2759-7728 or 02-2759-7729) and submitting the registration form via fax (FAX: 02-2720-9229). Results will be announced at the Chinese website of DSW at 10 AM on December 15. Successful applicants will be notified by email or SNS those signing up via fax will be notified over phone. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je unveiled the Yingqiao, Huangliniao, and Shijian non-profit kindergartens during the joint inauguration ceremony for the facilities on December 29. The three institutions are located in Zhongzheng and Zhongshan districts. During his address, the mayor pointed out that Taipei currently boasts 21 non-profit kindergartens with accommodation for up to 2,700 preschoolers. This achievement leads the five other direct-rule municipalities on the island. He announced that in 2018, the City will add 53 more classes for such institutions  equivalent to 1,394 students. According to Ko, a survey conducted by the University of Taipei targeting parents indicated a 86.7% satisfaction rate regarding the Citys non-profit kindergartens. The respondents expressed their approval in the areas of hygiene, safety, educational activities, environment, equipment, parent education, and administrative resources. The overall performance of these facilities can rival that of public preschools. To raise the proportion of non-profit kindergartens in preschool education from 4% to the central government-recommended objective of 30%, additional effort is still required. The mayor pledges to find idle spaces at elementary and junior high schools for the purpose of establishing non-profit kindergartens while working to install social welfare amenities at the lower floors of public housing units. 
With the end of the year right around the corner, the farmers market at Taipei Expo Park is inviting the public to visit and purchase outstanding agricultural products across Taiwan for their holiday feasts! The theme for the weekend of December 2 is Local Farms: Great Food Opportunities, while the topic Leisure Time Fun at the Village will be showcased during the weekend of December 9. Various farm produce from around the island will be highlighted during the weekends, including oranges and tangerines from Nantou County (December 2 and 3) orange and banana of Chiayi County (December 9 and 10) citrus and orange of Yunlin County (December 16 and 17) Dongding Oolong Tea from Nantou (December 23 and 24) and produce nationwide (December 30 and 31). With over 200 stalls at the event, the Taipei Expo Park Farmers Market promises to bring top farm produce around the country to the residents of Taipei City! For those interested in learning, there are DIY classes for decorations from grass head to organic vegetable bonsai. For more information on the farmers market, please visit the Facebook Chinese fan page of Taipei Expo Park Farmers Market () and Taipei Gourmet Fun (). The hours of the Taipei Expo Park Farmers Market are Saturdays and Sundays from 10 AM through 6 PM. The venue of the market is located at the Yuanshan Area of the Taipei Expo Park. 
The 2018 New Years Eve Countdown Party will transform Taipei into a fantasy wonderland! On November 28, Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) Commissioner Chien Yu-yen joined emcees of the party  Bowie Tsang and KID -- in announcing the series of events in the run-up to the extravagant show to usher in the New Year. Organized by Taipei City Government and Sanlih Entertainment Television, the 2018 New Years Eve Countdown Party will generate visual excitement by injecting sensational elements, glittering lights, and infinity symbols formed by MRT tracks implying unlimited possibilities for Taipei. Bowie Tsang and KID walked down from a double-decker sightseeing bus to arrive at the press event. They will entertain the countdown party revelers along with pop singers including Della Wu, Crowd Lu, Bii, William Wei, Eve Ai, MJ116, Nick Chou, and Lin Min-chen! As part of the New Year celebrations, Xinyi Commercial District will be dotted with Christmas decorations throughout December to rev up the festive atmosphere. TPEDOIT has teamed up with Taipei 101 and Disney to hold the Frozen Carnival Taiwan 2017 at Taipei 101 Water Dance Plaza between November 30, 2017 and January 14, 2018. The event will feature a skating rink, a 12-meter high magic Christmas tree, an ice forest, and a Christmas fair  all designed with inspiration from the box office hit Frozen. Other highlights of month-long event include preferential offers in restaurants, accommodation services, and other forms of entertainment for those using the GOMAJI app. Double-deckers painted with countdown party themes will also hit the road in December, luring tourists to hop on the tourist buses to explore Taipei taking advantage of limited-period discount deals! To learn more about the yearend bash, visit https://www.travel.taipei/ (Chinese). 
With the advent of the Christmas month, Taipei Zoo will join hands with Shoushan Zoo in Kaohsiung in holding the Dreamnight at the Zoo event on December 3. The public are invited to visit the facilities and soak up the atmosphere! Dedicated to children with chronic diseases or disabilities, the nighttime outdoor event originated in 1996 at the Rotterdam Zoo in the Netherlands and has been held by zoos across the globe to raise awareness on rare diseases while contributing to wildlife conservation. This year, Dreamnight collaborated with Taiwan Foundation for Rare Disorders to invite patients withMarfan Syndrome on a trip to Taipei Zoo and Shoushan Zoo. The genetic disorder causes people to appear tall and thin, develop high myopia, and even lead to retinal detachment that could result in blindness. Through the activity, the organizers hope to fulfill the wish of people suffering from the disease to visit zoos like ordinary people. Not only does the event seek to bring public attention to rare diseases, but the collaboration between Taipei Zoo and Shoushan Zoo also signaled strengthening of relationship and the common goal to promote animal conservation between the two facilities. 2017 Taipei Zoo Dreamnight Christmas Tree Lighting Event Venue: Taipei Zoo gate Date: Sunday, December 3 Activity Details: 3 PM  3:05 PM Opening 3:05 PM - 3:10 PM Greetings 3:10 PM - 3:20 PM Choir Performance 3:20 PM - 3:30 PM Christmas Tree Light-up 
The renovation project of Yangmingshan Qianshan Park implemented by the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) has claimed the Honorable Mention of the IFLA Asia-Pac Landscape Architecture Awards 2017 in the Parks and Open Space Category! Boasting a plethora of ecological resources and hot spring characteristics, Qianshan Park suffered from damage to its environment due to outdated facilities. Following renovation, the park has been rejuvenated and restored its charisma as a recreational venue that prides itself in possessing both natural landscape and gardens with humanistic elements, noted Parks and Street Lights Office Director Huang Li-yuan. Taiwan Institute of Landscape Architects President Wang Kuang-yu pointed out that the island has lots of outstanding landscape designers. He called on the government to help introduce Taiwans landscaping talent to international platforms, allowing the world to see the islands landscaping prowess. The International Federation of Landscape Architects (IFLA) is an organization representing the landscape architectural profession globally. IFLA consists of five regional groups, spanning the Americas, Africa, Asian-Pacific, and Middle East. Taiwan is one of the 14 members of IFLA Asia-Pacific. 
The annual Yangmingshan Yam Season is here! Starting noon on November 29, a range of yam-themed activities will enliven Taipei Expo Park and Jianguo Holiday Flower Market. Jointly organized by Department of Economic Development (DED), Shilin Farmers' Association, and Chi-Hsin Agricultural Development Foundation, the event will take visitors on a time travel journey to discover how farmers in the past cultivated yam. The public will also be able to learn about knowledge about the plant and how it is transformed into various kinds of delicacies. Over the weekend of December 2 and 3, a yam products fair reminiscent of childhood grocery stores will take place at Jianguo Holiday Flower Market, featuring purchase-to-earn-points activity among other interactive games. With a purchase of NT$300, visitors will be eligible to play ring toss and have a chance to bring home limited supply of prizes including fresh yam and handmade yam steamed buns. In addition, gourmands should not miss out on the opportunity to sign up for the yam dish cooking classes or reserve a table of the yam feast. Online registration starts 12 noon on November 29 at the events website http://yam.be-yond.com.tw/ (Chinese). Those wishing to prepare yam dishes themselves are welcome to order fresh yam from the fields by calling (02)2882-8959, ext. 601~602 or go for a limited-edition yam gift set at the retailer of Shilin Farmers Association (address: No. 342, Wenlin Road, Shilin District) For inquiries about the Yangmingshan Yam Season, visit DEDs Facebook fan page at https://www.facebook.com/doed.taipei/ (Chinese) 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening ceremony for the 2017 Shilin Residence Chrysanthemum Show on November 25. The 16-day-long show will run from November 25 through December 10, opening to the public from 8 AM through 7 PM. According to the mayor, the annual event is organized by the city government every autumn. It is the only Chrysanthemum showcase in the nation that offers free admission. Through the event, the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) is able to demonstrate its expertise in floriculture and gardening. Noting that the theme for this year highlights the artistic integration of flowers and cinema, Ko stressed that he himself is looking forward to observing how classics Madagascar, Totoro, Spirited Away, The Life of Pi, A Bugs Life, and more  are presented through arrangements of chrysanthemum blossoms by the staff of the city agency. The mayor pointed out that there are 3 objectives the City wishes to achieve through organizing the Chrysanthemum Show: localization, globalization, and commercialization. The events localization aspect involves inviting stores and shops in Shilin area to take part in the event, while the organizers invited groups from the culture-creativity circle to produce merchandise related with chrysanthemum as a way of promoting commercialization. Spanning 16 days, Ko noted that the show is expected to draw 450,000 visitors. If each of these visitors can spend NT$1,000 in the neighborhood, the local economy will receive a significant boost. The mayor is very supportive of the event, citing the possible income and benefits to the local economy of Shilin. At the end of his address, the mayor expressed his gratitude to the staff of PSLO, as well as Hsi Liu Environmental Greening Foundation, Chi-hsin Agricultural Development Foundation, and Everlight Cultural Foundation for their support. 
On November 26, Mayor Ko Wen-je presented awards to the winners of the 2017 Taipei Esports Tournament at Taipei Expo Park. During his address, Ko noted that he was amazed at the uproarious scene at the eSports competitions organized by Youth Development Office (YDO) in the last two years. He pointed out that this years competition saw two categories  Street Fighter V for individuals and Arena of Valor for groups. The competition is the continuation of the city governments eSports Trio policy. Recent surveys indicate that a phenomenon of the digital era involves a growing number of youths spending more time on watching video game competitions than watching sports events. Faced with the trend, the city government adopts the private sector leads, government supports stance towards the eSports industry. The city governments supportive measures include providing administrative assistance in supporting video gaming competitions, cultivating talent in the field, and incubating industry players. However, Ko stressed that given the limited supply of government resources, it is pivotal to establish a platform for the development of video gaming industry. Through the collaboration between public and private sectors, Ko hopes to make Taipei a leading city in the international eSports arena. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the 2017 Global Startups Talents @ Taipei forum to exchanged opinions with 17 new companies accepted into the program. The project was launched by the Department of Economic Development (DEP). According to Ko, the program aims to connect Taipei with international corporations to unlock entrepreneurial potentials as the City boasts accelerators, investors, and incubators in the field while providing a business-friendly environment. A total of 99 entrepreneurial teams from South Korea, Israel, France, the US, Hong Kong, Lithuania, Canada, Poland,Luxembourg, and other countriesapplied for the program. Among them, 20 applicants were selected from a pool of industries spanning IT, IoT, biotech, and other areas. During their 15-day sojourn in Taipei, representatives of these companies will be engaging with local startups through a range of commerce conferences, investor networking events, and tech forums. Regarding inquiries on the availability of medical facilities to carry out clinical experiments, the mayor promised that the city government will serve as a networking platform for related resources. He believes that Taipeis medical service quality and data credibility can rival those of Japans. Local entrepreneurial groups also requested the city government to address the issue of talent shortage, pointing out that Taipeis incentives to nurture entrepreneurship tend to focus more on aspects such as provision of subsidies, career opportunities, or commercial partnership. 
With the frequent occurrences of cold fronts during winter, the period between December and February is the high season for reports of carbon monoxide poisoning. Many incidents resulted from closed windows and doors combined with malfunctions of water heaters or gas stoves. Immediate symptoms of carbon monoxide poisoning might include headache, fatigue, stomach ache, and vomiting. Severe cases can result in loss of consciousness, brain death, or even death. According to the Ministry of the Interiors National Fire Agency, the following five tips are important preventative measures to adopt to minimize the chance of carbon monoxide poisoning: 1. Ensure Adequate Ventilation in the Environment: Avoid the following scenarios  illegal and inappropriate use of the balcony extra windows and doors added obstructing ventilation screen windows with overwhelming amount of dust, and hanging too many clothes and garments at the balcony hampering air flow. 2. Use Reliable Brands: The water heater should carry a CNS (National Standards of ROC) logo sticker. 3. Select the Appropriate Water Heater Type: RF type water heaters should be installed at outdoor areas with good ventilation. Indoor varieties such as FE (semi-sealed forced exhaust) and FF (sealed forced exhaust) type water heaters should be supplemented with appropriate vents and pipes. 4. Perform Safe Installation: Hire qualified technicians to perform installation of the water heater. After installation, appropriate stickers should be affixed to the water heater in compliance with the law. 5. Keep up with Maintenance: The water heater should undergo scheduled maintenance and safety checks carried out by qualified technicians. For more information, please visit the Chinese website of TCPD Womens and Childrens Protection Division (http://wpd.police.taipei/) or Taipei Sister Jennys fan page on Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/jennyfuyo). 
The Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) invites the public to visit Jiantan Park, located at section 4 of Zhongshan North Road. The facility is a recreational spot for both tourists and neighborhood residents. Located on the north side of Taipei Basin and adjacent to the Grand Hotel and Taipei Astronomical Museum, Jiantan Park takes up an area of 6,935 square meters and sits at the entrance of the Yuanshan Scenic Area. Jiantan Park boasts a unique arch gate that emanates an archaic feel and leads through a path sided by verdant greenness. Stone benches are installed throughout the park, along with a fitness trail. A pair of large stone lion-dog statuesis located at the entrance. The largest of its kind on the island, the stone beasts were presented to Taiwan during the Japanese colonial era and relocated to the Jiantan Park at the time of the parks founding.  Mosaic murals dot the parks slopes, on which rest the artwork of well-known painter from Tainan Yen Shui-long. Themes of the murals include paddies, mud, seashells, and fireflies  depicting the transformation of Taipei Basin, as well as the industry development of the City, from an agricultural society into a burgeoning industrial center. PSLO pointed out that Jiantan Park is situated in the vicinity of Chientan Youth Activity Center, MRT Jiantan Station, Yuanshan Scenic Area, Ming Chuan University, and Shilin Night Market. Not only is the park accessible by public transportation, it also possesses rich cultural heritage and promotes eco awareness with a plethora of plants. Individuals embarking on a trip to Jiantanshan Hiking Trail are invited to stop by the park for a moment of serenity. 
In the interest of promoting arts and crafts, the URS27M Jiaoshan Youtai invited artist and the founder of mee.textile Eileen Chung to hold 4 textile workshop sessions at the institution on November 24 and December 1. URS27M is the only Urban Regeneration Station located on Yangmingshan, located near the site of former dormitories of US military personnel and Chinese Culture University. The deserted dormitory complex was included in the URS project in 2013. Through a series of arts and cultural activities over the years, the facility has become a center of attention for local communities and arts enthusiasts. In 2017, the city government officially commissioned the operation of the facility to private sector partners. As the warm-up event leading up to the official opening of URS 27 M, the workshop will teach participants how to make the most out of old clothing at home. The class will offer step-by-step guidance through the procedures of recycling, cropping, and dying to produce unique and affordable yarn materials. The workshop is free of charge for the public.  For more information on the classes and activities, please visit the Facebook fan page of URS27M (https://www.facebook.com/urs27m/) or the Chinese website of Village Taipei (http://www.urstaipei.net/). Details are also available via contacting Urban Regeneration Office (TEL: 02-2781-5696, ext. 3127, Mr. Chiu) or BIAS Architects (TEL: 02-2836-6320, ext. 13, Ms. Hsu). 
The Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) has ordered seven medical institutions to improve their respective indoor air quality following a series of inspections targeting 23 medical facilities across the city. Violators will be fined between NT$5,000 and NT$25,000 if no improvements are made within the designated period.  Premises failing to comply with Indoor Air Quality Act due to bacteria levels exceeding 1500 CFU/m3 include National Taiwan University Hospital Taipei Chang Kung Memorial Hospital Wanfang Hospital Heping Hospital Taipei Medical University Hospital National Taiwan University Childrens Hospital and Mackay Childrens Hospital. The carbon dioxide concentrations at Heping Hospital also exceeded the alarming level of 1000 ppm. According to DEP, hospitals are hotbeds for various kinds of bacteria and microorganisms, especially during flu season. The indoor spaces of medical institutions should be thoroughly cleaned and sterilized, offer good air circulation, and be equipped with ultraviolet sterilization or ozone disinfection systems if necessary. A total of eight medical centers and 15 district hospitals in Taipei have been promulgated as premises to be regulated by the Indoor Air Quality Act. These facilities are required to assign dedicated personnel to monitor and manage indoor air quality at the facilities. DEP also urges premises not yet announced as spaces regulated by the Indoor Air Quality Act to take measures in ensuring public health, such as signing up for the Pubic Space Indoor Air Quality Self-Administered Management Certification scheme. 
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that the Jieyun International Hall, located on the basement floor of the companys administration building, will be available for rental starting today! According to the company, the venue is ideal for holding music and arts activities, and even small-scale drama performances, as well as press conferences, greet-the-fans events, award ceremonies, and seminars. The major overhaul lasting 55 days transformed the Jieyun International Hall from a multi-purpose conference room into an auditorium for music and arts performances boasting 180 seats complete with professional stage lighting, automated stage curtains, projectors and screens. The time slots for the venue are divided into morning session (8:30 AM to 12:30 PM, NT$5,000), afternoon session (1:30 PM to 5:30 PM, NT$5,000), and evening session (6 PM to 10 PM, NT$6,000). The venue can also be rented as practice grounds at half the price (for practice or rehearsal purposes only  no audience or performance of any kind). The venue is located within a 5-minute walk from MRT Shuanglian Station and a 10-minute walk from MRT Zhongshan Station. Related information is available at the website of TRTC or by calling the company (TEL: 02-2550-5600, ext. 3226). 
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that passengers with bicycles will no longer be allowed to board/disembark/transfer at MRT Zhongshan Station and MRT Zhongxiao Xinsheng Station during weekends and holidays starting Saturday, November 25. The two stations will be added to the list of MRT stations banning holiday bicycle access, which currently includes MRT Tamsui Station, MRT Taipei Main Station, MRT Daan Station, MRT Zhongxiao Fuxing Station, and MRT Nanjing Fuxing Station. MRT Zhongshan Station reports an average passenger volume of 35,000 per day and 31,000 transit passengers on a daily basis, while MRT Zhongxiao Xinsheng Station boasts an average daily passenger volume of 123,000 people. Given the number of passengers at these two stations and the frequency of elevator use, TRTC decided to prohibit bicycle access to these stations during holidays to avoid additional strain on the respective facilities. For passengers with bikes traveling on the Red (Tamsui-Xinyi) Line, they should board/disembark/transfer at nearby stations (note: MRT Taipei Main Station is also closed to bicycles). Transfer station options for cyclists traveling along the Green (Songshan-Xindian) Line include MRT Songjiang Nanjing Station, MRT Minquan W. Road Station, and MRT Dongmen Station. For travelers with bikes taking the Orange (Xinlu) Line, due to no bicycle policy for both MRT Zhongxiao Xingsheng Station and MRT Zhongxiao Fuxing Station, they should disembark at other nearby stations. Cyclists traveling on the Blue (Bannan) Line can transfer at MRT Ximen Station, MRT Guting Station, or MRT Songjiang Nanjing Station. For more information on policies regarding passengers traveling with bicycles, please call the 24-hour customer service hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline. Information is also available at the Chinese website of TRTC (http://www.metro.taipei/). 
Mayor Ko Wen-je inaugurated the inclusive playground at Xiangshan Park in Xinyi District. The occasion also celebrates the United Nations Universal Childrens Day on November 20. Formerly known as Zhongqiang Park, Xiangshan Park has undergone overhaul works to incorporate play-for-all facilities. The project is aimed at raising public awareness on the importance of childrens rights while echoing the Citys objective to establish the second generation parks. According to Ko, considerable effort has been invested towards the enhancement of parks functionality  the Lungs of a City. A second-generation park should achieve the following: serve as a recreational place, have a unique theme, and promote eco-concepts. In light of this, Xiangshan Park adopts the theme of Taipei tree frog, greenness, and aquatic life, as the frog species is indigenous to the capital of the island. After consulting numerous opinions from civic groups, the city government decided to make Xiangshan Park the sixth green space boasting accessible amenities. The park will join other green space sites including Rongxing Garden Park, Dajia Riverside Park, Zhongyan Park, Bihu Park, and Shilin No.4 Park. The mayor pledged that the City will draft plans to phase out old parks in favor of second-generation parks for the sake of children, who are the future of this country. 
The autumn rose exhibition has arrived at Xinshen Parks Taipei Rose Garden! From November 18 through December 1, over 700 varieties of roses will grace the garden against a backdrop of beauty melodies and painting exhibits. According to Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) Director Huang Li-yuan, the city government has invested much effort in transforming Taipei Rose Garden into a venue boasting great diversity of roses through soil preparation and test cultivation of various rose species since 2010. High temperatures and the threat of typhoons also posed challenges to the maintenance of the garden. Following seven years of hard work, the garden is now home to a proud collection of miniature roses, shrub roses, climbing roses, floribunda roses, and hybrid tea roses, becoming a magnet for rose enthusiasts. Another highlight of the exhibition is the opening of the Classic Rose area which presents a visual feast of tea roses and classic roses. The year-round flowers are grown in clusters to create different color patches in a floral sea. PSLO noted that local musicians will bring live music performances to the garden in the morning of November 25 and 26. The public are invited to visit the venue to relish the aroma of roses and musical melodies. 
The 2-day Ehime Matsuyama Goods Fair took place in Matsuyama City Shiroyama Park over the weekend of November 18. To promote Taipei to local residents, the Department of Information and Tourism took part in the fair by organizing a booth offering fun, snacks, and games for visitors. Dignitaries stopping by Taipeis booth at the fair include Ehime Prefecture Governor Tokihiro Nakamura and Matsuyama City Mayor Katsuhito Noshi. During the opening ceremony in the morning of November 18, Mayor Noshi informed the audience that Taipeis booth will be offering authentic street snacks prepared by Taiwanese chefs, as well as numerous trinkets for those visiting the booths. The design of Taipeis booth emphasized traditional lanterns. For the event, the staff has prepared travel pamphlets on Taipei City in Japanese. Visitors who upload a picture of themselves at the booth will receive a small souvenir as well. For fun games, to promote the Feel Taipei campaign targeting Japanese travelers, the staff organized a toss-the-dice game where participants can bring home free cough drops if the dice ends with the Feel Taipei face pointing up. For the tasting samples of Taipeis well-known night markets, the delegation invited members from a number of commercial districts in Taipei (Yuanshan, Maokong, Gongguan, Xinbeitou and more) to prepare entrees such as beef noodle, braised pork rice, Chinese hamburger, and brown sugar ginger tea. The Ehime Matsuyama Goods Fair is the largest goods and industry exhibition in Ehime Prefecture. Participants include over 300 units spanning local businesses, groups, and individuals displaying or selling merchandise ranging from local specialties, food, craftwork, and more. 
The Taipei-Paris Innovation Forum was held on the sixth floor of Taipei New Horizon Building on November 15. The theme for this years forum is Driving Innovation for Industry. This is the second year the forum is being held, with Taipei City Government joining hands with France to organize the event. During his address, Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong pointed out that innovation and international exchange are the key motivating factors for driving city vitality and development of local industries. The collaboration on projects such as autonomous bus tests and Nuit Blanche Taipei allowed the City to demonstrate its energy in culture and innovation. Director Benoit Guidee of the French Office in Taipei noted that in the past Taiwan was not familiar with the market of Western Europe. However, growing exchanges between Taiwan and France in recent years encouraged local entrepreneurs to explore new opportunities. This year alone, 4 companies in Taipei have set up operations in Paris, while 30 French companies also established footholds in Taiwan  with the majority located in Taipei City. Economic Development Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh presented a speech on the implementation of innovation and industry development at the forum. He noted that in the interest of boosting exchange opportunities between local startups and French experts, the forum invited companies and businesses interested in exploring opportunities to the forum for discussion and networking with counterparts from Paris. Other forum guests include industry experts such as Carine Sit of Schoolab, Founder Tim Shyu of Wavenet Technology, and Justine Michel from Paris&Co. 
With the growing pressure of modern life, more and more people are seeking quick escape to the outdoors during the weekends. The Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) invites you to come and experience Taipeis natural surroundings by visiting one of the Citys many hiking trails to refresh yourself by basking in the atmosphere of the forest and mountains. The agency lists the Xiaoxitou Circle Trail  combining Bixi Trails, Daluntoushan Forest Trails, and Daluntoushan Natural Trails  as the top pick for those looking for interconnected trail routes which allow users to breathe in the rich phytoncides emitted by the surrounding plant life. In addition, the trail boasts the only treehouse concept-based structure in Taipei  the Tree Pavilion. Featuring an easy ascent to the top of the old tree, the facility provides visitors with an excellent view of the forest. To access the Xiaoxitou Circle Trail, visitors can take the S1 bus and disembark at the Neishuangxi stop. The entrance to the trail is a ten-minute walk from the bus stop. According to Chief Chen Yen-cheng of GEO Industrial and Trail Section, visitors can find viewing platforms along the Xiaoxitou Trail which allows them to catch beautiful glimpses of Taipei City, as well as wildlife such as squirrels and Taiwan blue magpies. To preserve the natural surrounding and biodiversity of the area, the agency employed wooden walkways to ensure minimal disturbances to animal paths, as well as natural materials such as pebbles and sawdust for trails to maintain water permeability. GEO also reminds hikers to make all necessary preparations before embarking on a trip into the mountains, as well as taking heed of weather conditions and staying alert when walking on wet trails. 
The Animal Protection Office (APO) will hold four information sessions on updates to the Regulation for Specific Pet Industry Business. Industry players are invited to sign up for the meetings and acquire information about the amendments promulgated on October 16, 2017. According to APO Director Yen I-feng, in the past, only practices concerning canine breeding, trading, and boarding fall within the purview of the regulation. With the growing number of feline pets in recent years, the government decided that cats should be stipulated by the pet industry governing rules as well. There are currently 30 to 40 cat hotels and trading businesses across the city. These establishments are required to complete certification by October 17, 2018. APO pointed out that the management methods and facilities for raising cats and dogs differ to a great extent due to their respective nature and behavior, hence the need to regulate the two kinds of pet businesses separately.  Yen added that changes also include requirements for the existing 78 pet businesses to renew their permits by October 17, 2018 to ensure compliance to rules regarding partnership with certified veterinaries and registration with the Citys pet registration station. The four information sessions will take place at the conference room of the building (B1, No. 17-25, Lane 178, Ruihu Street) on November 16, 22, 23, and 29. To participate, pleae visit https://goo.gl/forms/TsLeTx0kkyt1yabj1 (Chinese) or contact Taipei Pet Commerce Association via 02-2659-2180. 
The officials from the Department of Information and Tourism, the Tourism and Travel Department of New Taipei City, and Keelungs Department of Transportation and Tourism joined hands to announce the Taipei Fun Pass during a press event on November 15. The Taipei Fun Pass is available in two forms: the Unlimited EasyCard and Transportation EasyCard. According to Deputy Mayor Chen Chin-jun," the design of the unlimited version is based on popular day passes available at major cities around the world to allow tourists to explore the respective destinations with ease."" In addition to unlimited ride on the MRT", public bus routes in Taipei and New Taipei, and 5 routes under Taiwan Tourist Shuttle, the unlimited pass works for admission to 12 major tourist attractions across Greater Taipei Area, including the National Palace Museum, Taipei 101, Gold Museum, and National Museum of Marine Science and Technology. Chen expressed his gratitude to the central government for its support, with the Tourism Bureau allocating NT$10 million to the integration of fares and tickets, and to the municipal governments of New Taipei and Keelung. Information and Tourism Commissioner Chien Yu-yen remarked that the unlimited pass is available in the following denominations: 1-day pass (NT$1,200), 2-day pass (NT$1,600), and 3-day pass (NT$1,900). The card can also be used for discounts and special deals at selected shops, such as Dian Shui Lou Restaurant, Flowers Honey Restaurant, LE BLE DOR, and more! The other version of Taipei Fun Pass  Transportation EasyCard  is the rebranding of the current Taipei Pass. More information is available on the Taipei Fun Pass website (funpass.travel.taipei). 
The feet soaking pond at Quanyuan Park is currently closed for repair and will be reopened to the public on November 21 (reopening time may come earlier if work is complete ahead of schedule). Known for its sulfurous qualities, the hot springs of Beitou District has a great appeal for tourists visiting Taipei. However, the high sulfur content of the hot spring water also damages wells and pipelines in the surroundings. After receiving reports of likely water clogging at the hot spring well inside Quanyuan Park which resulted in low water supply hampering operations, a group of experts were invited to the site to conduct assessment on November 13. Following initial assessment and work planning, the city government announced that the facility will be closed for a 7-day period to undergo repair works. The city government suggests visitors who are looking for feet soaking ponds to head up to Fuxing Park or Sulfur Valley: Sulfur Valley Foot-soaking Recreation Area: Address:The foot soaking area is located inside the Sulfur Valley Recreation Area (Right across from No. 77, Quanyuan Road, Beitou District). Hours:8 AM  6 PM, Tuesday through Sunday Public Transportation:Take MRT to MRT Beitou Station and transfer to routes S7, S9, or S26. Disembark at Mituo Temple stop. Fuxing Park Foot-soaking Recreation Area: Address: Located right across from No. 61, Zhonghe Street, Beitou District Hours: 8 AM  6 PM, Tuesday through Sunday Public Transportation:  Take any of the following bus and disembark at Xinbeitou stop: 216 Shuttle, 218, 218 Shuttle, 218 Express, 223, 266, 602, S6, or Neihu Technology Park Commuter 16, or Nangang Software Commuter Beitou Line. Take any of the following buses to Beitou Park stop: 129, 230, S7, S9, S22, S26.  
On November 14, Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the launch press event of the 2017 Social Housing Sublet Program. The initiative is aimed at making the most use of the Citys vacant housing units while benefitting both property owners and would-be tenants.   The program, to be officially inaugurated January 1 of 2018, has been accepting applications since October 31.   According to Ko, despite the Citys ongoing effort to expand public housing by 12,000 units during his tenure, it is equally important to address the issue of vacant housing units. He cited statistics indicating that as many as 35,000 homes have not been put to use for a whole year.   The issue can be partly attributed to landlords unwillingness to make the empty units available for rent due to the hassle involved in leasing properties, the mayor reckoned. In light of this, the Program seeks to encourage release of unused housing units into the housing market through a sublet scheme entrusted to four rental service providers selected in a tender. The service providers will take charge of housing management as well as tenant matchmaking.   Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji pointed out that the institutionalized system seeks to make Taipeis rental housing market sounder while reducing landlord-tenant disputes. Adding more details about the initiative, Urban Development Commissioner Lin Jou-min noted that landlords participating in the Program will be eligible for tax reductions, with housing tax reduced from 1.5 to 1.2 percent and land value tax from 10 percent to 2 percent. 
To welcome a group of high school students from Soshigakuen High School in Japans Okayama Prefecture, Commissioner Chien Yu-yen of the Department of Information and Tourism personally prepared dishes of spring rolls at a local Taiwanese restaurant for the young visitors on November 12. Every year, the period between October and March marks the high season for overseas field trips for Japanese students. The delegation from Soshigakuen High School comprises 117 teachers and students. They will spend 4 days in Taipei visiting local landmarks such as Taipei 101 and conducting exchange with Dao Jiang Senior High School of Nursing and Home Economics. In the past, the majority of Japanese high schools often select English-language countries as their ideal destinations for overseas field trips. Figures show that only 9 Japanese high schools visited Taiwan in the year 2003. However, the islands geographic location, the peoples friendly attitude towards Japanese, and low crime rate have boosted Taiwans ranking to the top of the chart of overseas field trip destination for Japanese high schools in a decades time. According to statistics from Japans Education Tour Institute, Taiwan has surpassed the US and Singapore to become the top destination of overseas field trip for Japanese high school. In 2015 alone, a total of 36,356 students from 224 schools across Japan traveled to Taiwan for activities ranging from trips to school affair exchanges. Chien noted that the city government places a heavy emphasis on attracting Japanese tourists by investing continuous effort in promotions. The recent marketing campaign Feel Taipei is designed specifically for the Japanese market. She hopes that the visiting students will be able to experience the hospitality of Taipei and share their experience with their friends and families, convincing them to visit Taipei themselves in the future.  
Do you suffer from diabetes? Do you have problems with controlling blood sugar? Are you exhibiting symptoms such as blurry vision or foamy urine? Do you know who to consult with when encountering diabetes-related issues?  The Department of Health (DOH) invites diabetics to join the Taipei City Diabetes Care Network, a platform providing information regarding the Citys services and resources for the chronic disease. On the Networks website, patients will have access to a list covering 57 city government-certified medical institutes, clinics, and hospitals in diabetic treatment. In addition to medications, the facilities also provide patients with nutrition tips and advice on diet, exercise, as well as foot care.  DOH urges diabetics to undergo the following examinations on a regular basis to prevent diabetes complications: HbA1c test (every three months), fundus examination or fundus photography (every year), urine micro albumin test, foot examination, and blood lipid test (every year), and oral examination (every six months). Patients are also advised to self-monitor their blood glucose levels, follow a healthy diet, exercise regularly, and seek assistance at the 29 diabetes support groups established by health centers across the twelve administrative districts. For more information, please call the 1999 Citizen Hotline (ext. 7115) or visit DOH website at http://health.gov.taipei (Chinese) 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the joint opening ceremony for three government-owned-privately-operated daycare centers on November 10. The three facilities, located inside Dalung Elementary School, Yongchun Elementary School, and Guandu Junior High School respectively, bring the number of Taipeis public childcare institutions to 16.  According to Ko, the city government has shifted the focus on implementing child-rearing infrastructure from larger-scale facilities to community-based facilities, given the shortage of suitable locations. As such, public schools have been encouraged to allocate available spaces for daycare services, allowing for an integrated approach to utilizing educational resources. The adjustment of nanny-infant ratio has also contributed to improved efficiency of childcare services. Before, every ten infants were put in the hands of three babysitters. Following careful evaluations, it is considered more appropriate for four babysitters to take care of twelve babies.  The mayor pointed out that a range of policies have been carried out to help boost the Citys low birth rates. Measures include NT$8,000 in subsidy for the birth of a second child, setup of a nanny matchmaking platform and infant products exchange center, as well as the effort to promote community childcare.  As municipalities across the island are stepping up the amount of child-raising allowances, Ko noted that Taipei has allocated a welfare budget for next year with an annual increase of NT$4 billion. He stressed that the city governments top concern is how to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of budgeting. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the founding celebration for both Taiping Elementary School and Rixin Elementary School in Datong District on November 11. During the 120th anniversary celebration for the founding of Taiping Elementary School, the mayor reiterated the concept of a city museum. He noted that unlike the past stereotype of museums as a place for displaying and storing artifacts, Taipeis approach in the future will focus on streets and communities with historical significance. Taiping Elementary School is an important foundation for the city museum of Dadaocheng area. The mayor also praised the school for numerous academic accomplishments in recent years, such as its efforts in bolstering art education through community mini-art museum, encouraging grandparents and kids to take classes together in senior education program, supporting efforts in community-building and promoting Taipeis Garden City policy by setting up farming plots and herb gardens on campus. Afterwards, the mayor appeared at the 100-year anniversary celebration for the founding of Rixin Elementary School. Following thunderous applause from the students, Ko praised the school for its effort in preserving traditional culture, including Beiguan music, paper-cutting craft, and Chinese knots. In recent years, the school has also been a model for Taipeis elementary school tech education program by implementing measures such as 1 tablet per kid and setting up the nations first Maker Education Demo Center for primary and middle schools. He also announced a major birthday present for the school  the donation of Rixin Wangtai Building. The project  the construction of a facility for art and literature located at the intersection of Changde Road and Nanjing West Road  is the collaboration between city government and Rixin alumni Tsai Yen-rongs Want Taiwan Cultural Environmental Foundation. 
The recent waves of cold temperature herald the approach of winter season. The good news is that tea plums are quietly blooming at the Floriculture Experiment Center at Yangmingshan! Floral enthusiasts who would like to emerge themselves in a sea of red, white, and pink flowers should visit the center to enjoy the wonderful sight! According to the Parks and Street Lights Office, tea plums and camellias both belong to the same group. The most significant difference between the two is the way the petals drop off. Where tea plum flowers sheds their petals one petal at a time, the entire camellia flower falls to the ground in its entirety. Many newlyweds will choose to include the beautiful sight of a carpet of flower petals in their photoshoot. Center Director Song Fu-hua noted that since 2004, the center has organized the Taipei Camellia Festival between January and February each year  a must-visit event for many flower enthusiasts. The director reminds tourists that even though the blooming of tea plums seems to occur later than past years, massive blooming is expected to take place around mid-November. The flower season for tea plums is expected to last until December. To reach the Floriculture Experiment Center, visitors can take public buses to Yangmingshan. Routes include 260, 303, R5, and Royal Bus Jinshan Line. Alight at the stop of Shanzihou Police Station. The center is a three-minute-walk downhill from the bus stop. Due to narrow roads and limited parking space, the center encourages the public to take public transportation. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the ground-breaking ceremony for the Zhongnan Public Housing Project in Nangang District on November 9. Stressing that the project has been conceived, designed, and executed during his tenure, Ko touted the endeavor as a milestone of his administration. The residential complex, slated for completion in February of 2020, will provide 119 housing units. With the opening of the National Biotechnology Research Park at Academia Sinica, the new housing units can accommodate an anticipated inflow of young tech talents. Individuals living or working in the area will be given priority in applications for the housing. Zhongnan Public Housing will also incorporate smart water, electricity, and gas meters, as well as other intelligent technology appliances  in line with the city governments bid to create a smart city, Ko reckoned. He added that the project will seek to correct the public misconception that the quality of public housing tends to be poorer than standard housing. In addition, the mayor indicated that the apartments will be built with innovative designs that integrate multiple purpose facilities and spaces, such as community activity centers, classrooms, gyms, libraries, community kitchens, and others. The approach seeks to promote a new mode of public housing that meets different local needs. 
The Land Department, Taipei Association of Real-estate Brokers and Real-estate International Marketing Agency Association inked a memorandum on overseas real-estate property transaction safety on November 6. The event comes ahead of the Land Administration week activity starting November 7, which includes a fair promoting real-estate trading safety for both local and overseas property between November 7 and 9. A forum on overseas real-estate trading safety will be held in the morning on November 20, while a seminar on real-estate trading safety is scheduled for the afternoon on the same day. Finally, a conference on international real-estate investment risks, transitions, and property trade security is slated for December 21. According to the Land Department, local real-estate companies in Taipei offering trade and investment for overseas real-estates has seen significant growth. From statistics between 2011 and 2017, there are 247 real-estate businesses in Taipei which offer related services in this field  a rapid growth from 86 stores in 2011. Between 2015 and 2017, the Land Department reported that it has received a total of 7 cases related to overseas real-estate investment disputes, showing a potential for more cases in the future. In the interest of ensuring the rights of citizens purchasing overseas real-estates, the Ministry of the Interior promulgated the Regulations on Brokerage or Sales of Overseas Properties by Real-estate Businesses on December 5, 2016. How to guide real-estate brokerage businesses to conduct affairs in compliance with the act to avoid possible disputes has become an important issue for the agency in the future. 
The Jianguo Flower Market will mark its 35th Anniversary with a range of celebrations this weekend (November 11 and 12)!Located beneath Jianguo Overpass, the market came into existence in 1982 with the joint effort of Taipei City Government, flower growers, and floral industry players. It has since become a recreational holiday hotspot frequented by both local and foreign visitors.Adopting the theme of edible flower bouquets and giant romantic bouquets, the event will feature flower arrangements by four floriculturists. The consumable bouquets, living up to the spirit of a Farm City, consist of fruits, vegetables, herbs, spices, herbal plants, and mushrooms. The giant bouquet, popular in Western countries, is characterized by a rich variety of floral materials and extravagant style of presentation, often standing at a statuesque height of half that of an adult. Another highlight of the event is the scratch card game promising cash prizes amounting to NT$200,000. The cards will be distributed at 10 AM, 1 PM, and 3 PM on November 11 and 12. Fullon Hotel, located adjacent to the flower market, will also provide buffet vouchers and flower seedling-shaped massage gadgets to visitors. Whats more, the signature snack from Hamamatsu Citys  eel sweet potato  will add an interesting flavor to the floral feast. Visitors are invited to interact and take pictures with the mascot Eel Bao. According to the Department of Economic Development, Jianguo Flower Market is in close vicinity to Daan Forest Park, Jianguo Jade Market, and Yongkang Commercial District, making the neighborhood a unique holiday shopping destination. Visit https://www.facebook.com/doed.taipei/ (Chinese) for more information. 
The Land Department, Taipei Association of Real-estate Brokers and Real-estate International Marketing Agency Association inked a memorandum on overseas real-estate property transaction safety on November 6.The event comes ahead of the Land Administration week activity starting November 7, which includes a fair promoting real-estate trading safety for both local and overseas property between November 7 and 9. A forum on overseas real-estate trading safety will be held in the morning on November 20, while a seminar on real-estate trading safety is scheduled for the afternoon on the same day. Finally, a conference on international real-estate investment risks, transitions, and property trade security is slated for December 21.According to the Land Department, local real-estate companies in Taipei offering trade and investment for overseas real-estates has seen significant growth. From statistics between 2011 and 2017, there are 247 real-estate businesses in Taipei which offer related services in this field  a rapid growth from 86 stores in 2011.Between 2015 and 2017, the Land Department reported that it has received a total of 7 cases related to overseas real-estate investment disputes, showing a potential for more cases in the future. In the interest of ensuring the rights of citizens purchasing overseas real-estates, the Ministry of the Interior promulgated the Regulations on Brokerage or Sales of Overseas Properties by Real-estate Businesses on December 5, 2016. How to guide real-estate brokerage businesses to conduct affairs in compliance with the act to avoid possible disputes has become an important issue for the agency in the future. 
Urban Regeneration Office (URO) will be holding a host of result presentations for the Citys Urban Regeneration School in Wenshan, Wanhua, and Daan districts on November 12 and 18.As part of the Taipei Transition program, the School was established earlier this year to encourage public participation of community affairs. Residents who signed up for the School have been involved in discussions about topics ranging from urban renewal, community empowerment, anti-aging cities, eco cities, to resilient cities. The project has borne fruit following six months of effort by the participants. On November 12, Zhishan Community Development Association will conduct an activity to raise awareness on the importance of both mental and physical health, teaching people tips to rejuvenate the mind and body.   On November 18, the Meet Horie-cho and Sugar Mill Guided Tour will take place in Wanhua District. Highlights include tea-brewing and bonsai-growing hands-on sessions as well as micro travel that takes people on an exploratory journey of Wanhuas cultural treasure. Interested in immersing yourself in an environment brimming with humanistic air? Take a stroll at Wen-Luo-Ting neighborhood of Gongguan area and get involved in the handmade book and moss ball DIY experience in Daan District. To be held on the same day is the disaster prevention workshop, which will introduce residents to the role of communities in shaping a resilient city starting 3 PM at Wenzhou Park.     To learn more about Taipei Transition program, visit its Facebook fan page at https://www.facebook.com/TaipeiTransition/ (Chinese) or call (02)2781-5696, ext. 3186 and (02)2700-7055.  
With the number of elderly people aged 65 or older estimated to account for over 20 percent of Taipeis total population by 2021, Department of Health (DOH) has launched the Ten-Year Long Term Care 2.0 campaign to cope with the growing needs of senior residents.According to DOH Commissioner Huang Shier-chieg, the Long-Term Care Management Center has serviced tens of thousands of people with such needs and provided support for their families since its establishment in 2008. Through continued case tracking effort, the City seeks to realize the vision of holistic care. The services available at Long-Term Care Management Center include in-home rehabilitation and medical care, community services, day care, nursing for institutionalized elderly, support for caregivers, dementia prevention, and more. Professional staff will conduct a comprehensive evaluation of incapacitated seniors regarding their ability to communicate and move about, the extent to which they are engaged in social activities, their sentiments and behaviors, the living environment, and other aspects. In so doing, customized services will be provided for the elderly through integration of available resources, while relieving the burden of caregivers. To access the services, call 02-2537-1099 or visit http://health.gov.taipei/Default.aspx?tabid=879 (Chinese). You can also turn to nearby hospitals, the twelve district health centers, borough offices, and senior service centers for help. 
Taipei City Government joined Ministry of Science and Technology in holding the Smart Car International Industry Applications Forum on November 6.Experts from Taiwan and abroad were invited to share with participants innovative applications in the area of driverless car technology. The City also took the opportunity to announce the Taipei City Autonomous Vehicle Test Field Program.According to Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong, Taipei is a metropolis with an open attitude towards all kinds of experimental and innovative transportation services. The new Taipei City Autonomous Vehicle Test Field Program, first of its kind across the island, will be implemented at Beitou-Shilin Technology Park. Local and foreign manufacturers of self-driving cars are welcome to conduct experiments in related technologies at the venue, with a view to establishing a convenient transportation environment incorporating smart technology. Department of Information Technology Commissioner Lee Wei-bin elaborated that the test field will be used to carry out experiments regarding Internet of Vehicles, autopilot technology, and intelligization of infrastructure. The experience will help industry players improve their products, strengthening their position in the global market.Attendees at the forum include representatives from Taipei City Government, Ministry of Science and Technologys Academia-Industry Collaboration Office, MIT Media Lab, Acer, HAITEC, Tesla, Velodyne LiDAR, NVIDIA, 7 Starlake, and Easymile. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je stressed that land is the key to survival and that creating a livable and sustainable environment is a top priority on the city governments agenda. He made the remarks at the press event for 2017 Taipei Land Administration Week on November 7.To realize the vision, Department of Land Administration (DLA) has carried out a series of measures that allow land related services to go smart with the help of advanced technologies, Ko noted.What is equally important is the effort to achieve living justice. The city government has the responsibility to ensure the execution of sound land policies, for example, property tax management, to pave the way for a healthy real estate market.     In addition, DLA has engaged in laying out an urban picture spotlighting communities with the concept of smart ecosystem. The public are invited to visit the week-long event consisting of lectures, symposiums, and civic caf to learn more about the innovative idea.   Ko also shared his discoveries regarding the Citys land development history from another highlight of the event  Taipei Land Administration e Museum, featuring exhibitions of works from the smart eco community design competitions, the smart city initiative, and achievements about Nangang District land replanning. 
The Old House, New Life program for 2017 has kicked off!This year the program will be expanded to cover projects spanning four different scales  micro, small, middle, and grand. The amount of subsidy will vary from NT$100,000 to NT$800,000 depending on the scale of the project.  According to Urban Regeneration Office (URO), the City assisted in the implementation of two old building remodeling projects in 2016, successfully stimulating imagination of what the neighborhood will look like following the transformation, thus improving the communitys living environment.  Over the course of rapid urban development, old edifices bear the marks of history while shaping the diverse facets of city life. Idle buildings at the Citys historic blocks will be injected with new life and provide a platform for experiment with different possibilities. URO invites proposals involving old buildings with great potentials at Datung and Wanhua districts. The plans should seek to explore new values for the aged buildings, highlighting space reutilization, community rebirth, and social innovation.The deadline for submissions to the 2017 Old House, New Life program is November 30. For application form download, please visit https://goo.gl/AqAWBT (Chinese). Inquiries can be made via 02-7711-0779 or 02-2781-5696, ext. 3025.
On November 4, Mayor Ko Wen-je took to the stage to promote the local garment business for the neighborhood of Bangka in the west part of Taipei City.During his address, the mayor noted that the City is working with the central government to help Bangka revitalize and help the commercial district transform by adding elements of retail business to the wholesale hub. He also pointed out that Made-in-Taiwan designers fashion garments available for affordable prices attract many customers. Also, the introduction of stab-proof shirts this year is another progress from last years stab-proof handbags, promising to become popular merchandise among law enforcement communities.With each commercial district in Taipei boasting its respective merchandise and services, the Bangka Clothing and Vestment District has always served as an industry cluster for garment businesses due to its convenient location. As a result of the city governments implementation of the West District Gateway Project over the past few years, the old district has seen signs of revitalization. Achievements include the new twin tower landmark in Wanhua District and opening up of Starbucks at the historical Lin Family Mansion, as well as providing local businesses with assistance in restructuring and renovation.  Starting November 11, the city government will organize activities to promote the area, including catwalk shows spotlighting fall and winter fashion by local businesses. For more information, please visit the Chinese website of Taipei City Office of Commerce (www.tcooc.gov.taipei) or its Facebook fan page. 
To cope with the growing number of foreigners visiting the Taipei Confucius Temple, the city government is recruiting volunteers interested in providing guide services or performing regular rituals at the popular tourist attraction.Those interested in becoming a foreign language volunteer must look neat and well-groomed, articulate, and are proficient in languages such as English, Japanese, Spanish, or others. Volunteers will provide services including guidance for tourists at the visitor information center, historical site tour guiding, as well as support for educational activities and Confucianism related events.   In addition, Taipei Confucius Temple also invites Confucianism enthusiasts to sign up as a member of the Yayue Dance Volunteer Group. Yayue, originally a form of court music and dance performed in ancient China, is practiced at the Temple every weekend and well-received by tourists. Those enrolled in the group will be trained required skills, for example how to play the traditional musical instruments and do imperial dance moves for six months, to ensure high quality performances.     Department of Civil Affairs Commissioner Lan Shih-tsung noted that through volunteering in introduction of Confucian heritage and regular performances and exhibitions, Taipei Confucius Temple seeks to boost its charisma as a culturally-rich tourist spot.Visit http://www.ct.taipei.gov.tw (Chinese) to download the application form for the volunteer program. Registration ends on November 15. For inquiries, please call 02-25923934, ext. 17 (for foreign language volunteers) or 02-25923934, ext. 22 (for Yayue dance volunteers) 
The Nanchang Furniture Sale will take place over on November 4 and 5!Featuring four activities  Membership Offers, Purchase to Enter Raffles, Roll in Bed to Earn Cash, and Hot Merchandise Sale  the event promises to be fun and exciting. In one of the activities, participants will be able to glue as much cash as they can by rolling over the bed covered with plenty of banknotes!  According to Taipei City Office of Commerce (TCOOC) Director Tsai Tsung-hsiung, Nanchang Furniture Street is home to clusters of furniture stores. The shops are characterized by their warm and intimate atmosphere that makes customers feel like home.With a history of 66 years, Nanchang Furniture Street has endeavored to cater to consumers diverse needs through offering a great selection of furniture for different purposes as well as interior design services.In gratitude for the support of customers, individuals who make a purchase of NT$5,000 will get a raffle ticket, having a chance to bring home electric scooters, iPhone 8, luxury mattresses, and more. To mark the 66th anniversary of the Nanchang Furniture Street, a charity sale offering 80 percent discount will also be held at the event with proceeds going to orphanages.To learn more about the event, visit https://www.facebook.com/nanchanglu/ or call (02)2562-6001, ext. 322 or 323.
To echo Ministry of Foreign Affairs visa-waiver program for tourists from the Philippines starting November 1, Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) organized a culinary session to greet crew of the Filipino TV program to a T who are visiting Taipei at the invitation of the agency. Sig Aldeen, a Filipino-British actor and host of the program, tried his hands at making the Taiwanese burger  Gua Bao  which consists of a slice of braised pork, sweet peanut powder, and coriander. He also expressed his amazement at the spicy stinky tofu that he found delicious despite its pungent smell.   Confident in the prospect of the Filipino outbound tourism market, Deputy Mayor Chen Chin-jun called upon Manila Economic and Cultural Office Deputy Resident Representative Carol L. Aquiro, Taipei Association of Travel Agents chairman Wu Chih-chien, and China Airlines president Wang Chia-chuan to help drive Taipeis travel industry by luring visitors from the Philippines.Wu believes the visa-free measure will help unlock the potential of the Southeast Asian countrys outbound tourism industry, while spurring domestic travel agencies to develop related products. Wang added that China Airlines plans to launch a promotional campaign offering tourism packages at the Philippines travel expos.Optimistic about the prospect of Filipino market, a series of measures have been implemented to attract visitors from the country, according to TPEDOIT. Statistics indicates that Taiwan sees 201,725 tourist arrivals from the Philippines between January and September this year, increasing by 70 percent compared to the same period in 2016.  
Located in Wenshan District, the Yishou Bridge has undergone a facelift operation transforming the old, dull cement surface into a canvas decorated with pandas, giraffes, lions and elephants!According to the New Construction Office (NCO), the Yishou Bridge sits along the banks of Jinmei River. The structure connects Zhangxin Street on one side to the pedestrian walkway above the levee on the other end. Closed to vehicle traffic, the bridge is an ideal location for residents to exercise or conduct other leisure activities. The bridge can be considered part of the local trail connecting the nearby riverside pedestrian walkway and levee park bordering the river.NCO pointed out that due to the bridges close vicinity to Taipei Zoo, the new wall painting design incorporated elements of the zoo, including the beloved panda, giraffes, lions, and elephants, as well as the Maokong Gondola.The public is invited to drop by the bridge when they visit locations in the vicinity such as Taipei Zoo, Daonan Riverside Park, and Maokong Gondola. 
Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong embarked on a trip to Canada to attend the ITS World Congress 2017 in Montreal. The event is taking place between October 30 and November 2. Taipeis delegation comprises members including Ministry of Transportation and Communications Administrative Deputy Minister Chi Wen-jong and representatives from Intelligent Transportation Society of Taiwan.Spotlighting the theme of Next Generation Integrated Mobility: Driving Smart Cities, the event will see thousands of participants from over 100 countries and areas. The city delegation will take part in a number of forums, exhibitions, displays, and technical sessions, as well as conducting exchanges with intelligent transportation management agencies and industry players spanning automobile manufacturers, autocar companies, automotive electronics, and digital map applications.To market Taiwans intelligent transportation system industry, the city government has joined hands with the private sector to present the islands achievements in the implementing of smart transportation and smart city policies. The campaign seeks to explore collaborative opportunities with foreign industry players, spur industry development, and market Taipei City.In addition, the City also demonstrated its ambition to bid for host city of the 2022 ITS World Congress. Through the event, the city government aims to propel industry growth, raise Taipei international profile, and promote Taiwans soft and hard power.
The Employment Services Office (ESO) inaugurated the Citys Senior Talent Recruitment Station at East Metro Hall near MRT Zhongxiao Dunhua Station on October 30.The facility provides services spanning career counselling, resume writing advice, interview tips, and job opportunity matching. During her address, Department of Labor Commissioner Lai Hsiang-lin noted that the city government has endeavored to implement policies to engage senior workforce at a time when Taiwan is confronted with the challenges of population aging. Adopting the slogan of One More Chance, the campaign seeks to encourage corporations to recruit the elderly and offer them a second chance to exert their potentials.   ESO Director Yu Su-chen also urged the private industry to make the most use of the senior labor force, stressing that the workers possess professionalism, rich experience, and connections. What they lack is a chance to shine again in the workplace, Yu reckoned. Yu added that the City will establish a Senior Talent Advisor Group in the future, seeking to assist older workers on career planning and finding new directions in life. Enterprises can also draw on the expertise of the Group to improve company management and job redesign.     For more information, visit https://www.okwork.taipei (Chinese) or call 02-2308-5231.
The documentary on the Citys hosting of the 2017 World University Games will premiere on the National Geographic Channel on October 31!Titled Inside 2017 Taipei Universiade, the film will be aired in 42 Asian countries following the premiere in Taiwan, allowing international audience to witness the most amazing moments of the sports event.At the press conference for the documentary on October 30, Mayor Ko Wen-je was overwhelmed with emotion when watching the film. He noted that the Taipei Universiade was arguably a summer miracle, making history while providing an opportunity to unite the people of Taiwan.The film is aimed to share with the public stories behind the scenes of the games, Ko pointed out. He added that 80 percent of the Universiade stadiums and venues were remodeled for the occasion, meaning that the facilities will not lie idle following the conclusion but instead will be repurposed and utilized by schools, local governments, and communities. Touched by the movie, the mayor reckoned that Taipei Universiade turned Mission Impossible into Mission Accomplished. He attributed the success to the unsung heroes, whose contributions included stadium construction, cityscape beautification, dining services, security maintenance, medical services, and volunteering. Premier William Lai, who also attended the press event, wished success for the documentarys airing around the world. He also expressed his gratitude to Taipei City Government for introducing Taiwan to an international audience, allowing people of the island to witness the glory brought by local athletes who claimed a total of 90 medals.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the European Food Festival at Taipei 101 Fountain Plaza in the evening of October 27.Jointly organized by Taipei City Office of Commerce (TCOOC) and Taipei 101, the event is part of the city governments Taste the Best of the World in Taipei campaign that seeks to promote the culinary richness of the metropolis From October 27 through November 12, Taipei 101 Fountain Plaza will feature a fair showcasing European cuisine, music and dance performances, as well as the essence of German beer culture  Oktoberfest  the famous beer festival of the Western European country.   During his address, Ko noted that Taipei boasts a plethora of gastronomic attractions thanks to its cultural diversity. The capital of the island not only takes pride in its great variety of traditional snacks, but is also home to a wide selection of exotic foods. The interaction between different food cultures will stimulate creative development of gourmet foods, the mayor reckoned.  Impressed by the organizers authentic presentation of Oktoberfest from the costumes to the snacks, Ko invited the public to participate in the festival, relishing delicious foods and all the joyous activities in a true European style.   As a ritual to start the German beer fest, Ko joined Director General of the German Institute Taipei Martin Eberts, Executive Director of German Trade Office Taipei Axel Limberg, and Taipei 101 Chairman Joseph Chou in tapping a beer barrel. The mayor also presented Taiwanese-style beer and ham hock as a gift to the German dignitaries to signal the start of the 17-day extravaganza.
Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) announced that the sponsorship program for MICE events to take place in Taipei next year is open for application between November 1 and 30.   According to TPEDOIT, the initiative subsidizes proposals to hold international meetings, conferences, exhibitions, and incentive travel programs in the city. In addition to the NT$1 million maximum amount of subsidy, the sponsorship package features Taipei 101 Observatory tickets, TNK Taiwan Pass (for Taipei, New Taipei, and Keelung), special edition EasyCards, Taipei Double-Decker Bus 4-hour ride pass, and more.The city government will provide financial support for holding dinners, purchasing Taipeis food souvenirs, watching cultural performances, renting MICE venues, and paying lecturer fees. Administrative assistance will also be granted in the form of Taipei Free Wi-Fi access, mayors greetings, and mayors recommendation letters, for example.   Based on statistics released by ICCA, a total of 83 international meetings were held in Taipei in 2016, making it the 7th in the Asia Pacific ranking. Taipei also ranked the 10th place in the 2016 Asia Pacific Destinations Index by MasterCard Worldwide.TPEDOIT pointed out that the amount of sponsorship will depend on the scale of the event and whether the event can make an impact. To apply, visit www.tpedoit.gov.taipei  (Chinese) for download of related forms.
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that the fourth major update for the MRT add-value machine system is now underway. By the end of October, machines across all MRT stations will provide services in four more languages -- Malaysian, Thai, Vietnamese, and Indonesian, in addition to the existing language options of Chinese, English, Japanese, and Korean.   TRTC plans to add German, French, Spanish and other languages through the next system update coming in 2018. The company seeks to offer more convenience for international visitors.  According to TRTC, a series of upgrades have been introduced to the automatic add-value machines over the past four years. The enhancements not only expanded the language choices, but also added audio instructions in Japanese and Korean in 2016.Since mid-October, TRTC has been conducting tests on the add-value facilities at MRT Taipei Main Station and Taipei Arena Station. Currently, there are 467 ticket recharge machines across the metro network, reporting an average of NT$47 million per month from smartcard recharges. For more information on the services, please visit the Chinese website of TRTC (http://www.metro.taipei/) or call the 24-hour hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345).
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the sod-turning ceremony for the Chengong Bridge Lane Widening Project on October 26. He remarked that the construction involves expanding 4 two-way lanes into 6 two-way lanes and is slated for completion in August of 2019.According to the mayor, the Chengong Bridge was completed in 1971. The 4-lane bridge has served commuters traveling between Nangang and Neihu. However, the fact that both ends of the bridge connect to 6-lane roads inevitably results in traffic congestion as vehicles cope with the narrower portion as they cross the river. Therefore, expanding the lanes on the bridge becomes necessary.The total cost of the lane-widening project is NT$200 million. Other options reviewed during the planning phase include dismantling the current bridge and replacing it with a new one. However, the idea was deemed too costly due to the hefty price tag of NT$2.4 billion. The current approach involves the seismic reinforcement of the bridge structure, allowing the bridge to withstand further use before proceeding to widening the lanes on the bridges surface to ensure a six-lane, through-traffic for commuters the entire way. Responding to media questions about whether the project will cause further congestion for the bridge, the mayor noted that the situation will not get worse because 4-lane traffic will be maintained throughout the construction period.Regarding the cost, the mayor pointed out that rather than spending NT$2.4 billion to replace the whole bridge, the current approach adds additional lanes and allows the bridge to serve commuters for another 2 decades. 
On October 25, Mayor Ko Wen-je delivered a report on the administrative plan and overall fiscal budget for 2018 at Taipei City Council. The annual expenditure will grow by NT$8.87 billion to NT$174.63 billion, an increase of 5.35%. Thanks to sound budgetary control, there is no need to raise loans for next year, the mayor noted. The 2018 administrative plan covers eight strategic approaches, including creating a sustainable environment, promoting sound urban development, advocating cultural diversity, optimizing labor force, strengthening social support, enhancing education system, enforcing health and safety, and bolstering sound governance.Given the change in demographic structure due to low birth rates and an aging population, the City proposes more spending on policies to boost birth rates and improve senior welfare. Measures include continuous provision of birth incentives and child-rearing subsidies, as well as expansion of nursing facilities and preferential offers in public services for the elderly. Regarding the proposed NT$1.25 billion in second reserve fund, the mayor reckoned that the budget will be used for implementing contingency plans, such as urgent relief and response to alleviate damage from extreme weather or epidemics.  
The 2017 Good Shoes and Good Socks Fair will take place along Zhongzheng Districts Yuanling Street between November 2 and 12. The event is organized by Yuanling Street merchants and Taiwan Hosiery Manufacturers Association. Known for the high concentration of shoes and socks vendors, Yuanling Street in Taipei boasts one of the most complete collections of shoes variety in town. It is also the place to visit for people who encounter problems with their shoes.The event has received widespread acclaim from the public over the past 12 years. The organizers display a wide variety of locally-produced merchandise spanning deodorant socks to ventilation socks, hoping to garner support among customers for Made-in-Taiwan wares. Between November 2 and 4, the organizers will also hold a raffle and grab-a-handful-of-prizes event for those who spend a given amount of money at the fair.During the period of the fair, a number of performances will also take place at the main stage, including magic show, exotic dance, and saxophone concert.  Yuanling Street is within walking distance from both MRT Ximen Station and MRT Taipei Main Station. The neighborhood is also accessible via various public bus routes. 
To enhance the structural integrity of the outer walls of old and dated buildings, the city government devised the Subsidy Application Guidelines for Repairing Outer Wall Surfaces of Buildings in Taipei City to subsidize citizens in related projects.Subsidies for projects involving 276 edifices have been approved since 2014, with total cost amounting to NT$8,003,508. To facilitate the application process, the city government relaxed the guidelines, making it possible for private buildings in Taipei City to apply for the subsidy (including public housing communities with established management associations). The application period is between February and December each year.Applications must be submitted on per-building basis, with the building in question being 10 years old or older. Only projects repairing walls facing roads are eligible for the subsidy, with the maximum limit being NT$40,000 per building. Only established management committees or individuals receiving the consent of over 50-percent of the buildings inhabitants can submit the application. The application process is divided into 2 phases: Documents including photos showing the conditions before renovation and agreement forms should be submitted before the start of the project. Proofs such as receipt, warranty form, and pictures after the overhaul should be submitted to collect the subsidy. For more information on the subsidy, please contact the Building Administrations Office (TEL: 2725-8401, Mr. Chung) or visit the agencys Chinese website (http://dba.gov.taipei).
With the Fun Guandu Festival 2017 kicking-off this Sunday (October 29) at the Guandu Riverside Park, the amphibious parade consisting of both participants on land and on the river will take place on the day of the event.According to the organizers, a total of 35 teams will take part in the parade on land, while the procession on the river comprises a fleet of over 100 canoes. The fleet will travel along Keelung River from Shuangxi Wharf all the way to Guandu Wharf, where the two parties will rendezvous. The organizers expect a turnout of over 10,000 spectators.The press conference for the festival on October 24 kicked off with a performance by TLBE Brass Band whose members are alumni of Taipei National University of the Arts (TNUA). Members from communities in Guandu also showed up dressing in costumes they have prepared for the upcoming parade. A hand-painted canoe by the vice principal of TNUA also debuted at the press event. The vessel will carry Mayor Ko Wen-je on the day of the parade.Dignitaries attending the press conference included Commissioner of Information and Tourism Chien Yu-yen, TNUA principal Chen Kai-huang, Guandu Temple President Chen Yu-kun, Sustainability Director Wei Hsing-chuan of ASUS, and Taipei College of Maritime Technology principal Tang Yan-bo. Related activities of the festival has been held since the beginning of October, with 10-percent fare discount for travelers with Guandu Micro-trip Discount Booklet (available for download at the festivals official page) by Taipei Cruise Corporation through the month of October, as well as a stamp rally starting on October 7 and spanning 70 stores and locations across Guandu. In addition, four festival-related concerts also took place in Guandu ahead of the main event. For more information on the Fun Guandu Festival 2017, please visit the official Chinese activity website (http://www.guandu.tw/).
On October 24, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening ceremony for Beitou Wahaha Mutual Assistance Family. He noted that this is the fourth mutual assistance family for victims of dementia in Taipei.The establishment of such centers allows families with dementia patients to help and provide support for each other. Through these interactions, care for seniors with dementia can be further fine-tuned. The mayor expressed his gratitude to the founder of Beitou Culture Foundation doctor Hong De-ren for his efforts in establishing the facility. He hopes that with the expansion of mutual assistance bases, better approaches toward care for dementia patients can be developed. Ko also noted that he is extremely excited to be at the opening ceremony, because the venue served as the dormitory for previous principals of Fuxing Senior High School. He recalled visiting the abandoned building half-a-year ago, pointing out how NT$3 million in renovation cost can restore the site from a stage of desertedness to its former glory. With similar centers established in Shilin, Zhongzheng, and Zhongshan districts, the Beitou center is the fourth of its kind in Taipei City. Noting how hard it is for individual families to take care of members with dementia, Ko believes that the burden can be lessened when five families take care of five patients, where interactions among the members opens up opportunities for mutual support. The center consists of a large farming plot with surrounding walkways and a plaza which allows patients to conduct outdoor activities. In addition, its close distance to Fuxing High School offers a chance for students to serve as volunteers and interact with the elders. 
The 2017 Taipei Hakka Yimin Festival held the special ritual for the departing deities on October 23, bringing the 3-day festival to a conclusion.According to Hakka Affairs Commission (HAC) Chairperson Tseng Nian-you, the ceremony this year not only showed the support of Hakka elders for the event, it also attracted a large number of young participants. For example, Universiade gold medalist Ku Cheng-ching attended both the ritual ceremony and the street dance performance.The first two days of the festival featured a religious procession by the faithful from 19 Yimin temples across the island and Hakka traditional arts performances including traditional plays, concerts by contemporary singers, and film showcase. The final day of the event spotlighted the ceremony sending-off the deities. Dignitaries attending the ceremony include local Hakka elders Wen Sung-chen, Hsieh Feng-hsu, Ku Chiu-siang, Fan Chiang Ping-huang, Lin Chung-chi, and more.Chairperson Tseng stressed that the event this year is organized more as a city art festival, citing the large numbers of contemporary performing art shows in addition to the traditional worships. He is pleased to note the large turnout of youths and reiterated the determination of HAC to reach out to the younger generation through its activities.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the chair-racing competition organized by the Wengchang Furniture Street Commercial District and the Mask Carnival sponsored by the Chaoyang Clothing Material Commercial District.Before the office chair racing event, Ko remarked that Wengchang Street is a hub of Taipeis furniture industry. The governments role in assisting such traditional industry is to provide the businesses with a platform or medium allowing them to demonstrate their potentials. He also expressed his hope that the commercial district will learn how to incorporate innovative and aesthetic elements into traditional industry, as well as transforming itself into not only Taipeis furniture hub, but also becoming the furniture showcase zone for the Asia region.  Commenting on the office chair race, Ko noted that the key point of office chair is the wheels. Therefore, the tournament is a good way to demonstrate the quality of these chairs to the public  a show of confidence among local businesses for their products. During the address the mayor delivered at Chaoyang Commercial District, the mayor stressed that with 60 years of history, the shopping zone was known for retails of clothing accessory parts such as buttons, zippers, and ribbons. With the progress of time, new elements such as innovation and aesthetics must be added to meet new market demands. Furthermore, there are also DIY-elements associated to tailoring. Just like Taipeis agriculture is not limited to growing crops but contains the elements of leisure and education, so does the clothing-related district incorporates factors spanning retail to design. In the mayors opinion, the development of the industry will change according to the need of the age. By adding in these factors, the industry will be able to increase its business value.
Co-organized by Taipei City Government and the Wild Bird Society of Taipei, the 2017 Taipei International Bird-watching Fair kicked off at the Guandu Nature Park over the weekend of October 22.The mayor arrived at the fairgrounds to accompany elders from the Haoran Senior Citizen Home on a bird-watching trip at the park. Volunteers from the Wild Bird Society accompanied the group and served as tour guides. The members of the group were able to catch glimpses of the migratory birds through the telescopes installed by the Nature Center.According to Ko, the park is situated at the area where the Tamsui River meets the Keelung River. It is also one of the most important wetland resources in Taipeis vicinity, making it an ideal venue for education on sustainable and eco city. The Wild Bird Society of Taipei has invested over 17 years of effort running the park, making it one of the best places for citizens to have close contact with nature.Explaining why he is joining the elders on this trip, Ko pointed out that he hopes the opportunity will provide the senior citizens a chance  to refresh their spirit as well as to share their wisdom and experience with younger people on caring for our living environment. He also took the opportunity to express his gratitude to the volunteers of the parks management for serving the 2 million visitors and 1 million migratory birds over the years.The theme of this years bird-watching fair is Birdtopia of Happiness  Let Humans and Birds Live in Harmony. During the winter season, the park is open from 9 AM through 5 PM on weekdays and 9 AM through 5:30 PM on weekend and holidays. For more information, please check out the Chinese website of the park: http://gd-park.org.tw/
The 2017 Shilin International Cultural Festival is right around the corner!Since 1996, Shilin District Office has been holding the community event on a yearly basis. This year, Zhongcheng Road, lined by rows of golden trees, will once again become a stage spotlighting a series of cultural activities starting at 2 PM on October 28.In collaboration with Tianmu Marketplace Development Association, Shilin District Office will incorporate the event that highlights Tianmu as a residential area popular among foreigners in Taipei -- the Halloween parade  into the cultural festival for the first time.Comparing the parade with the festive Chinese New Year celebrations, the organizers invite locals to take part in the fun-packed activities centered around Zhongcheng Road including the carnival parade, face painting event, scary Halloween props DIY session, inflatable playground, and pumpkin-carving fun! Other features of the festival span indigenous culture experience, Masha and the Bear fan meeting, Tatung Boy dance show, Pokemon products giveaway, and trick-or-treat.To learn more about the carnival, please visit http://www.tianmu.org.tw/modules/news/article.php?storyid=1309 (Chinese) or call Shilin District Office (TEL: 02-2882-6200, ext. 6501) 
In light of the Orionid meteor shower peak taking place on October 21, the city government will be implementing traffic control measures for Yangmingshan area to prevent possible traffic congestions due to large turnout.According to the Taipei Astronomical Museum (TAM), the best time to watch the spectacular meteor shower will be October 21, though elements such as light pollution and weather conditions will greatly affect the viewing experience.With the appearance of the Orionid on the east side around 10 PM to 11 PM, the agency predicts that the optimal period for observing the spectacle falls between 10 PM at night on October 20 and before sunrise on October 22. Not only is October 21 a Saturday, the lunar calendar also indicates a waxing crescent for the moon on this date, promising limited obstruction from moonlight. Therefore, the city government will be implementing a flexible traffic control plan, in case good weather attracts large weekend stargazers. To cater to the needs of the crowd planning to head up the mountain this weekend, the Department of Transportation is prepared to add buses serving Yangmingshan area if such needs arise. The agency calls upon the public to take advantage of public transportation to minimize chances of congestion. TAM also added that the best viewing period of the meteorites lasts from mid-October through the end of the month. 
With the advent of autumn, Taiwan is prepared to welcome the arrival of migratory birds flying south on the northeast winds. Taipei Zoo invites avian enthusiasts to visit the Waterfowl Observation zone adjacent to the Asian Tropical Rainforest Area to revel in birdwatching activities.The migratory season for water fowls is expected to last through March next year.The Waterfowl Observation zone, a seminatural lake where five mountain streams converge to bring in freshwater all-year-round and hidden inside a verdant forest, boasts a plethora of wildlife.The lake, which may appear tranquil for most of the time, suddenly becomes bustling with activities at the two daily feeding times. Waterfowls show up one-by-one to relish free meals provided by zoo staff. The avian tenants include dozens of black swans, white-breasted waterhens, moorhens, kingfishers, intermediate egrets, grey herons, black-crowned night herons, white wagtails, mallards, Eurasian teals, and little grebes.Taipei Zoo noted that the Eurasian teal is the most commonly seen avian spending winter in Taiwan at peak there can be as many as 80 such birds at the Waterfowl Observation zone. The most elusive one is the Mandarin duck, a bird so shy that observers can hardly take a peek at it without the help of a telescope or a camera with high-ratio zoom lenses. As for the highly-territorial black swans, theyll even attack wild ducks rushing to grab a share of the feast if they are hatching or building nests!   
Great news for birdwatchers! The 19th Taipei International Bird-watching Fair will take place on October 21 and 22 at the Guandu Nature Park. The event is co-organized by the Animal Protection Office and the Wild Bird Society of Taipei. The theme for this years event is Birdtopia of Happiness, exploring the damage to the environment and challenges of survival caused by human beings from the avian perspective, hoping to encourage the public to explore possible solutions to the problem. According to APO, Taiwan is located along 8 major bird migratory routes along Eastern Asia. They encompass 642 types of birds, including 27 endemic species and 56 subspecies. In Taiwan, observers can catch a glimpse of nearly 1/15 of the worlds avian species.The Wild Bird Society of Taipei pointed out that the event this year comprises 6 major zones  Birdtopia, NGO Global Village, Eco-theater, Natures Classroom, Wild-view Screening Room, and Bird-watching Supply Station. There will be a variety of fun events, DIY lessons, games, and documentaries for visitors to enjoy.Foreign groups participating in this years fair hail from countries including Japan, Thailand, the Philippines, Sri Lanka, Malaysia, and Cambodia.During the bird-watching fair, admission to the Guandu Nature Park is free. For more information, please visit the Chinese activity website: http://birdfair.org.tw.
Concerning the recent debate over the use of electric shock dog collars, Animal Protection Office (APO) reiterated that pet owners should use a collar that is safe, comfortable, breathable and of proper elasticity, and they could incur penalties for subjecting their pets to harassment, abuse, or harm from the use of shock collars.APO noted that there have been reports of animal deaths in relation to the electric device. According to Article 30 of Animal Protection Act, a fine of not more than NT$75,000 will be imposed on individuals whose pets are harmed or dead due to the use of shock collars. A jail term or penal servitude under two years will be imposed on individuals whose pets are harmed as a result of improper use of shock collars based on Article 25 of the Animal Protection Act.APO also warns the public that offenders who fail to take corrective actions before a specific deadline will incur a fine under NT$15,000 and the fine may be imposed each time the deadline is missed. Citing studies, APO pointed out that the reward-based training method -- in the form of a food treat or verbal praise -- is proved to be more effective than punitive discipline in teaching pets how to obey commands. APO urged pet owners to seek professional assistance if they encounter problems when training their furkids.Visit the official website of APO for related information: http://www.tcapo.gov.taipei/ (Chinese)
The city government announced that the Guidelines for Taipei City Buildings Exterior Renovation Subsidy Program was modified on October 17 in an attempt to improve the construction safety of the Citys old buildings.According to Construction Management Office (CMO), the City has granted 276 applications since 2014, allocating a combined budget of NT$8 million. Under the relaxed rules, owners of all private buildings (including public housing units with an established Building Management Committee) across the City are eligible to apply for the fund between February and December every year. The program is aimed at buildings over ten years old with more than one property owner. Only external walls adjacent to roads are qualified. The application should be submitted by the Building Management Committee or the residents representative upon the agreement of more than half of the house owners. The maximum amount of subsidy granted to each building is NT$40,000. To apply, individuals should first provide photos of the building and related documents. After completion of the exterior renovation, they are required to submit photos of the buildings new look along with receipts and other documents.   Visit CMO at http://dba.gov.taipei or call 02-2725-8401 for more information about the subsidy program.
Mayor Ko Wen-je announced that the City will expand the scope of service provided by Senior EasyCard starting October 29!According to current rules, a total of NT$480 in credits are automatically added to the Senior EasyCard every month, allowing those aged 65 years or older to enjoy free rides on public buses by using these credits. However, with a lack of other usage, many of the credits are often left unused.To encourage seniors to engage in more physical activities, the Department of Social Welfare (DSW) noted that the credits can be used to access additional services and facilities starting October 29 (the Double Ninth Festival): public buses, taxi (partial subsidies only), MRT, Maokong Gondola, Shilin Official Residence (Main Hall), Taipei Metro Beitou Resort gym, Shanzhuku Swimming Pool, Huluzhou Sports Park, Bojia Sports Park, Zhoumei Sports Parks swimming pools, as well as Mingsheng Community Centers gym and table tennis room. The second phase of the subsidy program is slated for mid-2018, further covering YouBike and Taipei Sightseeing Bus.DSW Commissioner Hsu Li-min invites senior citizens to go out and take advantage of the Citys convenient public transportation. A recommended itinerary comprises the following locations: after visiting Taipei Zoo in the morning, take the Maokong Gondola and travel to Shilin Official Residence in the afternoon. End the day with a ride to MRT Tamsui Station for a view of the beautiful sunset.     Residents domiciled in Taipei City and aged 65 or more, or indigenous people aged 55 or older, are eligible to apply for the Senior EasyCard at any of Taipeis 12 administrative district offices. To learn more about the preferential program, please visit DSW at http://www.dosw.gov.taipei (Chinese).  
To encourage senior citizens to enjoy outdoor trips and to promote achievements of city administration, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) will implement a pilot program offering seniors tours of city achievements.The target of the pilot program is the senior group with an age of 65 or above. Current plans take into consideration the population of senior citizens, allocating 1 to 3 buses based on the senior population of the respective boroughs. The agency expects to dispatch over 800 buses to take 30,000 seniors on city tours in 2018.This is a part of Mayors Kos senior welfare policy, noted TPEDOIT Commissioner Chien Yu-yen during the interpellation session at Taipei City Council. She noted that the policy encourages senior citizens to leave their home and refresh themselves during the trip and learn more about what city government is doing.According to the commissioner, the agency is working on possible tour routes which will include locations such as Feitsui Reservoir, Xinbeitou Train Station, Blue Highway, Farm City Foundation, and Taipei Hakka Cultural Park.Regarding question from city councilors about whether these locations meet the requirement of accommodating senior citizens such as sufficient restrooms, chairs for resting, and railings for assisting mobility-challenged elders, Chien noted that further survey will be conducted before finalizing which locations to visit.
Sporting a retro-style suit, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the Historic Block Bus Debut and Dadaocheng 1920 Dress-up Party during a press event promoting the culturally-rich center of Taipei on October 14. In addition to unveiling the G17 theme bus, Ko also received briefings on the progress of Yongle Market renovation and Dadaocheng City Museum implementation, envisioning that Dadaocheng will become an iconic example of the capital when it comes to city museums following the completion of the designated pedestrian-only zone.He later embarked on a tour of the historic block and visited the 1920 Dadaocheng Journey of Democracy Exhibition to learn about the cultural and humanistic heritage of the area.According to the mayor, Dihua Street boasts three characteristics  tea, fabric, and Chinese medicine. Yongle Fabric Market, in particular, continues to evolve by incorporating innovative elements while preserving the traditional essence of the Citys textile industry. The garment of Taipei City Mascot Bravo the bear is a product of the marketplace, he noted. Asked by the media about his amusing outfit, Ko quipped that actors have no say over the choice of costumes, adding that he had no problems being compared with showbiz figures Huang His-tien or Chen Lei because of their similar old-school choice of outfit. Concerning the water leakage problem at Yongle Market even after an overhaul costing NT$60 million, the mayor replied that he will instruct Market Administration Office to address the matter.
The combination of strong winds from nearby Typhoon Khanun and northeast winds resulted in consecutive heavy downpour for northern Taiwan over the weekend, bringing over 130 million tons of rainwater to Feitsui Reservoir.According to the Feitsui Reservoir Administration (FRA), the storage capacity of the dam is currently at 95.12-percent  with roughly 319 million tons of water. The agency ensures the continual supply of water to Greater Taipei area through February 2018.Between October 10 and 6 PM on October 15, the Feitsui Reservoir reported accumulated volume from torrential rain in the catchment area reaching 538 millimeters. As of 6 PM on October 15, the water level of the reservoir has reached 168.27 meters. Compared to the same period in previous years, the water level is roughly 7.5 meters higher than the average level of 160.77 meters.Commissioner Hsieh Cheng-daw of FRA pointed out that at 6 PM on October 15 the Feitsui Reservoir observed over 130 million tons of water inflow. The dam released 33.5 million tons of water, significantly reducing the chances for flooding to occur downstream while accumulating water supply for the new future.
During a press conference on October 12, Mayor Ko Wen-je launched an initiative to attract students from India and Malaysia to study and work in Taiwan. The move is aimed at exporting the islands industries to the South Asian market through ICT education programs. According to Ko, a total of six higher education academic institutions are involved in the initiative, including University of Taipei, National Taiwan University, National Tsing Hua University, National Chiao Tung University, National Taiwan University of Science and Technology, and National Taipei University of Technology.Each school plans to provide 40 openings. Furthermore, each student will receive a subsidy of NT$80,000 for tuition fees and NT$36,000 for accommodation expenses. Some of the leading corporations in the ICT industry also offer internship opportunities for participating students, who will be required to stay in Taiwan to work in related industries for at least two years after graduation. Malaysia, a nation where one-fourth of the population speak Chinese, is an important portal for Taiwan as an entry point into the Muslim market. India, on the other hand, boasts a rich pool of IT talents from the Indian Institutes of Technology. The country will become a complementary force for an island known for its hardware infrastructure. Securing connections to the two markets will give an impetus to Taiwan while it struggles to make diplomatic progress, Ko reckoned.Adding that with India expecting to exceed China in population-ranking, he believes the nation on the subcontinent will become a pivotal market for Taiwans businesses. He envisions that the initiative will bear fruit in five years.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the ground-breaking ceremony for the facelift of Yanshou Public Housings K-section on October 12.The overhaul of the old buildings is expected to take two-and-a-half years, with completion date slated for early 2020. The renovated edifices include two 13-story buildings and one 15-story high-rise.The mayor said he is honored to preside over the ground-breaking ceremony and hopes that the facelift will allow residents to enjoy a more comfortable living environment. The renovation project was approved by the city government in 2012, with preparation planning laid out in 2014. The building permit was acquired in 2017. Regarding the pace of the project, the mayor commented that there is still room for improvement as he glanced at Urban Development Commissioner Lin Jou-min, inciting laughter among the audience.  Regarding the upcoming project, the mayor pointed out that the former building was classified as sea-sand housing (built with concrete mixed with sand from the ocean) due to the failure of the builder to ensure construction quality in the past. He reminded BES Engineering Corporation to pay attention to construction quality and create buildings that are safe for residents. He also reminded the original tenants to apply for the subsidy as the city government offers NT$200,000 in subsidy for each unit dismantled.Asked by the media whether the city government is to blame for the slow pace of urban renewal, Ko replied that the most difficult part is communicating with the residents and its easier to speed up the administrative process.  
The hot spring season is here once again!  Deputy Mayor Chen Chin-jun presided over a press event announcing the start of the 2017 Taipei Hot Spring Season on October 11. Now in its 16th year, the festival will take place at Qixing Street beside MRT Xinbeitou Station between October 19 and 23.  Spotlighting Onsen Water Spray Tradition, the fest will feature six main themes, including an outdoor fair, stage performances, charity activities, yukata kimono dressing up, and an onsen spray parade.    On October 21 and 22, adorable mascots and ambassadors from hot spring areas in Japan and other regions of the Asia-Pacific will join kids carrying childrens palanquins at the mikoshi parade to inject a dash of vigorous festivity into the neighborhood.   Other highlights of the Taipei Hot Spring Season include nakasi singing competition, yukata design contest, Ming Hwa Yuan Taiwanese opera performances, open air cinema, Ibusukis Hula dance, Matsuyamas enka performances, and shows featuring music bands from Kyoto.    According to Chen, the city government has invested much effort to promote Beitou as an international hot spring destination. Resources have also been allocated to the remediation of Beitou Streak and the implementation of Grand Beitou Museum project. Through public-private partnership, the City hopes that Beitou will become a prime location for those seeking hot spring or other recreational activities.    
On October 11, Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived at the Heping branch of Taipei City Hospital to preside over a press conference promoting the habit of reading.The mayors wife Chen Pei-chi, who works as a doctor for Taipei City Hospital, joins her husband and Bravo the Bear in a storytelling session for kids.During his address, Ko cited the ancient Chinese proverb studying ten years in obscurity and achieving fame after passing the exam. He remarked that in the past, the purpose of reading is to study for examinations in order to pass the tests in flying colors. This attitude, however, is the culprit driving kids away from the companionship of books.The mayor noted that reading can be fun. Speaking about the reading volunteers at Taipei City Hospital, Ko pointed out that these individuals accompany kids to read books and encourage parents to join their kids in reading to help them establish the habit. According to Chen, Taipei City Hospital began the implementation of Reach out and Read (ROR) program starting on Double Ten Day this year. The initiative kicked-off in the US with the support of pediatricians and educators back in 1989, and has been incorporated into regular programs for kids since 2014. 
In the night of October 7, Mayor Ko Wen-je launched the projection mapping show at Wen-Luo-Ting neighborhood of Gongguan area to open the second Nuit Blanche Taipei festival. He also joined the crowds in a parade following the ceremony. Originating in Paris, the Nuit Blanche was held in Taipei for the first time in 2016 that was well-received among the public. The event falls on the first Saturday of October, when museums and performance venues across the City stay open throughout the night, encouraging residents to engage in cultural activities. During his address, the mayor expressed his gratitude to participants who turned up despite the poor weather. Ko expressed his amazement to see the participation of 200,000 people in the festival last year, joking that he didnt expect the huge turnout around North Gate in a single night. Buoyed by the success, the Department of Cultural Affairs selected Wen-Luo-Ting of Gongguan as the main venue for the fest, given the clusters of independent bookstores and unique coffee shops in the area, making it a cultural hub of Taipei. Ko pointed out that Nuit Blanche possesses three characteristics: all night events, free for all, and civic engagement. He believes events like this will allow the Citys public space to take center stage in an innovative way. Stressing that art should be promoted through accumulated momentum, he hopes the event will draw an increasing number of participants year after year. The decision to move Nuit Blanche to National Taiwan University was also meant to spotlight surrounding landmarks, such as the Taipei City Hakka Cultural Park, Ko reckoned.  
In the evening of October 10, Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the opening ceremony of the National Day Float Park at the parking lot of Taipei World Trade Center Nangang Exhibition Hall. He took the opportunity to announce the start of the East Gate Portal Project which is centered on the Nangang Railway Station.During his address, the mayor noted that each of the 46 floats taking part in the Double Ten Day parade cost roughly NT$2.5 million. With such an expensive price tag, it is a waste to see the vehicles decommissioned after the parade. He expressed his gratitude to Taiwan Life Insurance Corporation for its support in leasing the venue for the exhibition. Ko noted that the reason that Nangang Exhibition Center was selected as the showcases venue is to fulfill his promise to the borough chiefs of Nangang District from last year. Over the past year, the city government has devoted much effort into its West District Portal Project. The efforts have proven fruitful, with the neighborhood to the north and south of North Gate undergoing revitalization. Now, after the successful conclusion of the 2017 Summer Universiade, the city government will be concentrating its effort in the vicinity surrounding Nangang Railway Station under the East District Portal Project.Describing the opening of Taiwan High-speed Rails (HSR) Nangang Station as a milestone, he pointed out that for people residing in the vicinity spanning Jinshan to Yilan, the most convenient way to travel to Kaohsiung would be to take the bus to Nangang and transfer to the HSR. Therefore, he foresees a future where Nangang will become a transit hub serving the folks living in the northeastern part of the island.The Nangang Exhibition Center Expansion Project, one of the highlights of the project, is slated for completion in 2018. The Northern Taiwan Pop Music Center will also be completed next year, while the overhaul of Zhongxiao Military Camp will begin at the same time. Deputy Charles Lin also spoke to the audience about the details of the numerous ongoing projects under the East Gate Portal Project.
A float parade will take place at the west district starting at noon on Double Ten Day!Following the national day ceremony, the float parade  which features 46 elaborately decorated vehicles -- will set-off from the intersection of Yanping South Road and Changsha Street. The procession will proceed along Yanping South Road, Hengyang Road and Boai Road before reaching North Gate Plaza. The parade will continue towards Zhongxiao East Road before arriving at the C3 zone beside Nangang Exhibition Center. The float fleet will park and be showcased at the venue as a major attraction of the Double Ten Day Float Theme Park until October 15. In addition to the nighttime float illumination show at 6 PM every day, the theme park will also present the Ten Pupils Dance to demonstrate the beauty of Taiwan. Other highlights of the amusement park include Bravo the bear photoshoot location, balloon giveaway, sale of handicrafts from around the island, and stalls featuring Nantous tea, Nangangs osmanthus products, Yilans metal artworks, Yingges ceramics, Tainans mango, Kaohsiungs papaya milk, and Keelungs tempura. Whats more, kids are welcome to take the Ferris wheel and carousel for free!  Individuals who visit the Double Ten Day Float Theme Park can take part in a Facebook raffle promising prizes such as Giant bicycles, Bravo push toys, and vouchers. Opening hours for the theme park are 5:30 PM to 9 PM on October 10, and 10 AM to 9 PM from October 11 through 15. To reach the park, take MRT Bannan Line to Nangang Exhibition Center Station or MRT Wenhu Line to Nangang Software Park.As a reminder, traffic control measures will be implemented between 1 PM and 3 PM for the following areas: west of Chongqing South Road (excluding the road), east of Zhonghua Road (excluding the road), south of Zhongxiao West Road (excluding the road), north of Aiguo West Road (including two westbound slow traffic lanes).For detailed information on the event, please visit Travel Taipei: http://www.travel.taipei (Chinese)
Working with I-Link Community Services Associations Indonesian New Immigrant and Migrant Workers Center, Taipei Public Library (TPL) will be organizing free learning courses for Indonesian expats starting October 8.There are two courses available: English language classes and Computer classes. Classes are held on the second and fourth Sunday of each month.The English language class will be an introductory course focusing on terms for everyday life, daily conversations, and spelling.For the computer course, the following topics will be covered: using Word to write resumes, employing Excel to organize charts and numbers and creating slides and internet teaching materials through PowerPoint.Both courses will be taught in Indonesian. The class will be held at the Multicultural Information Center located on the 9th floor of Taipei Public Librarys Main library. The facility also houses the Indonesian Information Area with books and journals in Indonesian. For registration, please call the Indonesian New Immigrant and Migrant Workers Center (TEL:02-2367-6646, ext. 8235) or visit the Chinese website of TPL (www.tpml.edu.tw).  
To mark the World Animal Day on October 4, the Parks and Street Light Office (PSLO) joined Asian Environmental Ecology Protection Association, Friends of Daan Forest Park Foundation, Taiwan Forestry Research Institute, and animal protection organizations from California in holding a fair at Daan Forest Park.Mayor Ko Wen-je noted that World Animal Day was launched in Florence in 1931, aimed at raising public awareness on protecting endangered creatures. Over the years, the campaign has grown to encompass wildlife preservation, attracting the participation across 85 countries. With a view to establishing a caring culture for animals, the City has implemented a series of policies to improve animal welfare. Measures include setting up dog parks in Zhongzheng, Wenshan, and Neihu districts. It plans to pick up the pace of setting up such facilities to provide more room for residents furkids to run wild off leash.  The World Animal Day fair features a variety of activities spanning NGOs information display stalls, single moms group of Genesis Social Welfare Foundations snack giveaway, childrens painting competition, and others. Accompany Dogs Association, National Veterinary Hospital, Taiwan Cat Lovers Association, and Dom Education Association also demonstrated their support for the initiative by participating in the fair.
As an important arterial thoroughfare of Beitou District, Daye Road is the route which many drivers have to take in order to reach the neighborhood known for its cherry blossom trees and hot springs. To highlight these local traits, the Public Works Departments Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) incorporated these elements into the street lights installed along the road, allowing the illumination to shed light through opening resembling sakura petals in the night.According the PSLO, the southern tip of Daye Road connects Chengde Road Section 7 and Zhoumei Expressway, making the road an important entryway of Beitou. Through the improvement on street illumination, the nighttime road safety is greatly enhanced while demonstrating local characteristics to visitors and locals alike. The central traffic island is also populated with bead trees and shrubs.Local borough chiefs also expressed their support and satisfaction regarding the installation of the lights for the purpose of enhancing the image of Beitou District and its profile. Chief Chou of Fengnian Borough remarked that cherry blossom is the district flower of Beitou. The highlight of elements such as cherry blossom and hot spring on the street lights shows the emphasis of the city government on local tourism. Chief Yang at PSLO reported that a total of 41 dual-lamp street lights will be installed along Daye Road  from Sanhe Street intersection to Zhonghe Street intersection. These street lights employ 20,000 lumen LED lights which provide a good balance between illumination needs and future maintenance.
To mark the 30th anniversary of the National Theater & Concert Hall, a train on MRT Tamsui Line will be transformed into a mobile gallery, operating from October 2, 2017 through January 31, 2018. A collaboration between National Theater & Concert Hall (NTCH) and Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC), the NTCH x metro program will infuse the theaters exuberant elegance, the performance art librarys cultural and artistic ambiance, as well as the concert halls sublime air into the interiors of the carriages.Not only will the decorations seek to imitate the design of NTCH, the trains illumination system will also be tuned to generate dim lighting effects used by the performance venues. In addition, passengers are sure to be surprised at the sight of the red velvet seats transported from NTCH to be installed in the first and sixth cars of the train  to immerse riders in a simulated experience as if they were seated in the hall.The carriages with the theme of performance art library will showcase the profuse collection of NTCH. By scanning the QR code on the interior walls, passengers will be able to watch selected music and theater performance clips, access related information, and take part in the online raffle. As part of the program, an exhibition will be held at the art gallery near exit 5 of MRT Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall Station featuring some of NTCHs innovative services and iconic events over the past three decades. The exhibition ends on October 31. To learn more about the program, visit TRTC website (http://www.metro.taipei/)(Chinese) or call the 24-hour hotline (02)218-12345.
Are you a movie enthusiast? Do you feel like watching a film under the starry night? Nan Shan Life Insurance Co. will hold an open-air cinema at Xinyi Square (at the Songzhi Road and Songlian Road intersection) between 5 PM and 9 PM on Saturdays of October 14, November 11, and December 16! According to Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO), the city government encourages corporations to adopt public parks, greens, and plazas as a way to beautify the cityscape and push Taipei forward on the path to a livable city incorporating resources from the private sector.Xinyi Square, located in the vicinity of Xinyi Administrative Center and Taipei World Trade Center Hall 2, is a boisterous hub frequented by tourists and business people. PSLO thanked Nan Shan for taking responsibility for the upkeep of the plaza, providing the public with a pleasant location for rest.The films to be aired on October 14 are the 2017 Oscar Winner for Animated Feature Film Zootopia and Collateral Beauty starring A-list Hollywood actress Kate Winslet and actor Will Smith. Each screening session will feature two movies. The organizers will also bring audience a birds eye view of Xinyi District at night employing virtual reality technologies among other interactive activities. Visit the activity website to register and get a souvenir:  https://www.accupass.com/event/1709140305245448448900 (Chinese)
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over a press event announcing the completion of the Citys lead water pipes removal project on September 30. The last lead pipe to be replaced will be added to the permanent collection at the Taipei Water Museum.During his address, the mayor noted that lead pipes had been deployed across Taipei since the end of the Japanese Colonial Era. The project to eradicate these pipes was expected to take up to 10 years to implement. However, it was completed in less than three years  even ahead of the rescheduled timetable.  Ko expressed his gratitude to Taipei City Council for its approval of relevant budgets and to Taipei Water Department, as well as to administrative district directors and borough chiefs for their support and coordination effort. Asked by the media whether the mayor considered the removal of lead water pipes a major accomplishment for his administration, Ko reckoned that the pipes  having existed over 70 years -- may not concern the Citys residents, but it is the right thing to do for resolving an issue affecting peoples health.  The media also questioned the Citys maintenance measures for outdoor water fountains. Ko admitted that the upkeep of the facilities is more difficult than installing them. Remarking that the city government will instruct borough officials to clean the public amenities, the mayor believes Taipei should continue to accomplish its objective of installing water fountains in every park to help reduce reliance on plastic bottles.
To celebrate the upcoming Moon Festival, Taipei Childrens Amusement Park (TCAP) will offer disabled visitors and people from low income households a special treat! By showing identification documents at the TCAP Visitor Information Center, qualified individuals will receive a free voucher for four free rides. On October 7, there are also free DIY classes and performance by Q-be Angel. The DIY class on making a pumpkin baskets will be held from 9:30 AM through noon at the plaza in front of Ifkids Theatre on the second floor. The event is organized by the Social Welfare Department in conjunction with Jing Chuan Child Safety Foundation. Parents and kid participants will receive a limited-supply souvenir when they successfully complete a basket.From 2 PM through 3 PM on the same day, Q-be Angel and the members of the HyperKids Theatric Troupe will hold a free performance at the outdoor Hopping Square. Kids who provide the right answer to quiz questions can win a small souvenir!In addition, 4 brand-new bumper cars have just recently arrived from Italy, including ones resembling antique cars and others looking like flashy sports cars. Let the kids get a chance to try out their driving and dodging skills!For more information, please call the 24-hour hotline of Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TEL: 02-218-12345) or call the 1999 Citizen Hotline. Information is also available on the companys Chinese website (http://www.metro.taipei/), as well as the TCAP Chinese Website (http://www.tcap.taipei/) or its Facebook fan page (https://www.facebook.com/tcap1216/).
With Mid-Autumn Festival and the Double Ten Day approaching, the Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) invites the public to visit Dajia Riverside Park and immerse themselves in a vast sea of flowers during the holidays. HEO noted that it deployed 700,000 pots of plants at the park during the 2017 Taipei Universiade as part of the effort to beautify the surrounding landscape. An additional 100,000 units of plants were on standby in the event of adverse weather conditions (such as typhoons or soaring temperatures) damaging the delicate flowers. The backup plants  consisting of varieties of angelonia, zinnia, celosia, and other summer flowers  can be arranged to form vibrant color bands complementing the main sea of flowers of Dajia Riverside Park. Spanning an area of 3,000 square meters, the sea of flowers is expected to remain in full bloom until mid-October. In addition to the vast floral carpet, Dajia Riverside Park also boasts mosaic art walls, aquatic fun area, sandpit playground, hope fountain, and immense area of greens. Families can spend some quality time at the recreational venue during the upcoming holidays.How to Get There:Public TransportationMRT: Alight at MRT Yuanshan Station Exit 1, transfer to Dajia Elementary School Stop by Bus R34, and walk to Dajia Riverside Park. Bus: Take Bus 72, 222, or 527 to Dajia Elementary School Stop and walk to Dajia Riverside Park.Driving:1. Travel northbound on Jianguo North Road until reaching Binjiang Street. Enter No.9 Floodgate to reach the destination.2. Take Freeway 1 and exit at Binjiang Street ramp. Turn right and follow the instructions to No.9 Floodgate. 
During the city government meeting on traffic and transportation on September 29, Mayor Ko Wen-je presented the awards to bus operators receiving high marks in the Taipei Joint Bus Operation Evaluation. He also noted that the emphasis for traffic-related objectives for the City in the coming year will be transportation fare rate and bus network adjustments.Ko pointed out that the three goals to further implement through the Citys public transportation network include: sharing, green energy, and digitization. He also set a 6-month deadline for deciding upon the rates for various transportation fares. At this point, there will be a complete overhaul of the bus network. Once the implementation of the Taipei Metro Bus lines have been completed, the City will call a meeting with bus operators to go over the details of adjustments for the remaining routes. The talks will be conducted on the basis of guaranteeing the current earnings for involved companies. After the routes adjustment, the public will be more accepting of the concept of last-mile transfer buses.According to the mayor, roughly 1.3 million people take the city bus each day. The implementation of the evaluation not only spotlights the Citys policies, but also ensures that companies with outstanding performances will be acknowledged. He noted that he takes the bus every week, noticing that the attitude of drivers is a lot friendlier nowadays. The City receives over 2,200 letters praising bus drivers, while surveys indicate that over 90-percent of respondents approve their job performances.
The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) will beef up its campaign to lure tourists from the Philippines in line with Ministry of Foreign Affairs latest measure granting visa-free entry for visitors from the Southeast Asian country.Details and dates regarding the pilot visa-waiver program allowing Filipino tourists a 14-day stay have yet to be announced. The Philippines, with a large middle class population and only two hours by flight to Taiwan, boasts great outbound tourism potential. Taipeis gastronomic appeal, diverse tourist resources, shopping environment, plus the visa-free agreements will add to the attractiveness of the islands capital for Filipinos planning oversea travel, according to TPEDOIT Commissioner Chien Yu-yen.This year, the city government has implemented an array of promotional measures targeting ASEAN market, such as partnering with airlines and tourist agencies, publishing promotional literature in the languages of targeted countries, participating in travel fairs or expos, inviting media and tourist agency members from Thailand, Indonesia, and Vietnam to visit Taipei, and holding industry networking events. Taking advantage of growing online marketing opportunities, TPEDOIT also launched a project inviting bloggers of the Southeast Asian countrys well-known social networking website Our Awesome Planet to shoot short footages promoting travel in Taipei. Our Awesome Plant, a popular travel guide, will offer Filipinos information on Taipeis food and recreations. The statistics released by Tourism Bureau indicate that Taiwan reported 181,850 tourist arrivals from the Philippines between January and August, a 71% rise on a year-on-year basis. The relaxation of visa rules is expected to draw more tourists from the archipelago. 
On September 28, Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the Confucius ceremony at Taipei Confucius temple to celebrate the great teachers 2567th birthday.The 79th generation descendent of Confucius Kung Tsui-chang served as the Officer of Sacrificial Rite, while the Minister of the Interior Yeh Jiunn-rong offered prayers on behalf of the President and recited the Presidents congratulatory message. During his address, the mayor expressed his gratitude to the audience for showing up early in the morning to attend the ceremony. It is also an honor for the temple to receive so many guests, showing the institutions success in promoting and preserving Confucianism.Ko noted that with the passing of time, the temple still holds the burden of preserving ancient rituals and the teachings of Confucius. It is also a place where guests from Taiwan and abroad can visit and experience the charisma of Confucianism. Cultural assets are important to Taipeis foundation as a city of culture.The mayor also thanked the students involved in the ceremony for making the event a success, especially under the hot weather. Since Confuciuss birthday is also Teachers Day, he took the opportunity to wish all teachers a happy Teachers Day. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je announced in a press conference on September 27 that Taipei citizens aged 65 or older will be eligible to receive a pneumococcal vaccine starting October 1, 2017.The service, subsidized by the city government and provided at partnering hospitals and medical institutes across the city, is accessible only to individuals domiciled in Taipei and who have never received inoculation against pneumococcus. According to Ko, statistics indicate that pneumonia has become the third leading cause of death in Taiwan  Taipei alone reported 1,200 deaths due to the disease in 2016, over 95% of whom were residents aged 65 years or older. The pneumonia mortality rate is much higher for the elderly compared to younger age group, the mayor pointed out.Ko stressed that immunization not only prevents people from contracting pneumococcal disease, but also helps avoid complications  for example sepsis or meningitis. He also suggested that seniors get influenza vaccination, as the flu is a common precursor to pneumonia.   Department of Health added that the city government has procured 26,695 pneumococcal vaccines on a budget of NT$190 million for the program running from October through December. The measure is expected to increase the vaccination coverage to 26% for elder people aged 65 to 74 by the end of this year.
The 2017 Tua Tiu Tiann International Festival of Arts will kick off on October 1. As part of the festival, the URS127 Art Factory will present a series of Dadaocheng Impression exhibitions to celebrate the theme of the event -- Together We Roar  throughout October.The activities span various themes, from Tua-Tiu-Tiann through a Foreign Lens exhibition, Weave-Rob-Sound-Process-Roam audio art exhibition, Why Street Photography symposium, to Searching for Dadaocheng Impression raffle.The works of TC Lin will showcase Dadaochengs historical buildings and traditional architecture through the lens of the Taiwanese photographer. Sound artists Nigel Brown, Chang Hui-sheng, and Yannick Dauby, are invited to wander around Dadaocheng, creating artworks using sounds recorded at the historic block. Street photographer Ethan Chiang will share with participants the theory and charisma of street photography. To encourage visitors to get involved in the exhibition and feel the vibes of Dadaocheng, URS127 invites the public to explore the objects in the pictures on display and take photos with them. Those who upload the photos to the URS127s Facebook page and leave their comments will be able to take part in a raffle for prizes!The band The Muddy Basin Ramblers  will bring impromptu music performances to enliven the opening event for the exhibitions at the ground floor of URS127 at 2:30 PM on October 1.Visit URS127 Art Factorys Facebook page (https://www.facebook.com/urs127artfactory/)(Chinese) or Village Taipei (http://www.urstaipei.net/)(Chinese) to learn more about the event. 
On September 26, Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over a mobile city executive meeting at Zhongzheng Senior Care Center.He received briefings by the heads of Zhongzheng District Office, Department of Social Welfare, and Department of Cultural Affairs on issues spanning district administration, long-term care, as well as the implementation of the southern city museum project.  Two proposals, one about Guling Street renovation and the other on West District Gateways friendly sidewalk expansion, were submitted by Zhongzheng District Director Liao Hsueh-ju during the meeting. On the proposal to inject literary atmosphere to Guling Street, the mayor instructed Liao to coordinate administrative resources and incorporate locals opinions before the devising of a sound plan. He also assigned Deputy Mayor Lin to push ahead with the initiative to increase pedestrian walkways in the west district.Following the city executive meeting, the mayor answered questions raised by online users who followed the meetings live streaming on Facebook. Concerning questions about how he felt when seeing Zhongxiao Bridge ramp dismantled, Ko replied he was amazed at how fast the work was carried out. As for disaster preparedness and safety maintenance of Taipei Railway Station, the mayor reckoned that a number of problems were identified during the exercise in August and required rectification. Finally, he agreed with residents suggestion to develop an integrated mobile app for disseminating Taipeis long-term care service information, acknowledging the fact that mobile device users have outnumbered desktop computer users.    
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the opening ceremony of the 2017 Northern Taiwan Matsu Cultural Festival at the North Gate Plaza on September 25.During the ceremony, the mayor served as one of the bearers carrying the palanquin of the Golden Face Matsu as the procession made its way through the North Gate into downtown Taipei.The mayor expressed his gratitude to all organizations and agencies taking part in the event. On behalf of the citizens, he welcomed the representatives from 26 temples across Taiwan to the city. He noted that in fact, this specific pilgrimage has been going on for 129 years, with Matsu being relocated to the new temple in Sanzhi 104 years ago. Since 2004, the homecoming of the Golden Face Matsu has become a major event for the North Gate.Noting that Shilin Cixian Temple will serve as the host for this years event, Ko added that there will be a series of activities in both the neighborhood around North Gate and Shilin District. The Golden Face Matsu will remain in Zhongzheng District between September 25 and 29. She will stay in Shilin for 9 days starting on September 29. There will be a major parade for the goddess before she heads back on October 7.At the end of his address, the mayor remarked that this year marks the 14th year of the Matsu Cultural Festival. He also expressed his thanks to this years host Shilin Cixian Temple and all participating temples. He wished the best and good health for all members of the audience.
Taipei Beef Noodle Association will hold a charity event highlighting one of the most iconic entrees of the local culinary scene ranked by CNN  beef noodle -- at the Taipei Railway Station Rear Area between October 7 and 9. Featuring a variety of beef noodle delicacies from acclaimed restaurants, the event invites members of the public to either spend NT$100 or donate blood in exchange for a delicious bowl of award-winning beef noodle. Visitors will also get a 50% discount for the second bowl. All the proceeds will go to Li Shin Charity Foundation. In addition, to celebrate the upcoming Double Ten Day, individuals born in October, on the tenth day of any month, or whose ID number contains the number 10, will be treated to a free bowl of beef noodle! Only 100 bowls are available every day. According to Taipei City Office of Commerce (TCOOC) Director Tsai Tsung-hisung, the Taipei Beef Noodle Association continues to assist member restaurants in the improvement of service and food quality, as well as cooking skills. The support of the government and residents has increasingly help beef noodle to gain reputation on the international stage, making it a must-eat food for travelers visiting Taipei. He believes beef noodle can serve as a form of gastro-diplomacy to lure tourists while contributing to charitable causes.For more information about the event, please visit the Facebook pages of TCOOC https://www.facebook.com/tcooc/?ref=br_rs (Chinese) or Taipei Beef Noodle Intelligence https://www.facebook.com/tbnffans/ (Chinese) 
On September 24, Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the press conference and picnic event to celebrate the official opening of Tanmei Furkids Happy Park.The park is Taipeis second venue of its kind aimed at serving pet dogs and their owners. Facilities available at the park include drinking fountains for dogs and self-serve dog wash, allowing owners to clean their pets after exercise before heading home.Ko remarked that making the city even more friendly to animals is an objective which the city government seeks to implement. He hopes that the public can provide the city government with more feedback, helping to find a balance which all parties can accept.According to the mayor, there are approximately 150,000 pet dogs in the city. In other words, there is a pet owner among every 18 individuals. However, this figure also shows that the city lacks adequate space for dogs to move about. To satisfy the demand for more space to walk dogs, the city government is working on establishing such areas across Taipeis administrative districts.On a side note, the mayor also mentioned the problem dog owners encounter when taking public buses. According to current regulations, only small dogs can be carried onboard when placed inside a cage. Large-size dogs still face a number of restrictions in this aspect. The city government is still working on ways to improve the situation, and the mayor calls upon the public to submit their views and opinions to help make the city more accessible for furkids.
 On September 25, Mayor Ko Wen-je inspected Xiaonanmen Community Center to evaluate the performance of Taipei City Hospitals effort to introduce medical resources to senior dining spots.According to Ko, it takes time to institutionalize a practice. The city government adopts a flexible stance on the establishment of 325 congregate dining centers across the city, noting that such venues should be allowed to develop individual characteristics before the government devises measures to incorporate the resources.   Taking Xiaonanmen Community Center and University of Kang Ning as examples, Ko remarked that the former is reputed for its medical resources such as rehabilitation services, while the latter is known for engaging residents in adapted physical activities. Therefore, the Xiaonanmen dining spot can serve as a place where Taipei City Hospital mobile medical vans make regular stops to offer the elderly inoculation or other medical services.   The mayor pointed out that establishing a sound senior welfare system is key to addressing the issue of aging population. Rather than providing free meals, the City subsidizes NT$40 for each meal. Such approach helps prevent waste of food and increase senior citizens willingness to participate in the program. The ultimate objective of the policy promoting community dining spots is to create a bond among senior members living in the neighborhood, so that participants will start interacting and become aware of each other through implementing a positive social environment.
As a part of Taipeis city promotion campaign, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) is collaborating with Japans FamilyMart convenience store chain to introduce lychee-flavored ice cream bars to Japanese consumers.The lychee-flavored ice cream bars are made from shredded lychee ice and jelly wrapped by a layer of coconut milk on the outside. The sweet and sour taste of the ice cream bar offers a refreshing ice treat for fending off the hot summer weather. The packaging of the product features Taipei 101 and Taipeis city flower  rhododendron. The ice cream bars are available at 17,000 convenience stores across Japan starting September 19, including FamilyMart, CircleK, and Sunkus. The limited-duration merchandise received widespread acclaim on the Internet in only a few days, helping to promote Taipei.In addition, during the period when the lychee ice cream bar is available, Japans FamilyMart stores will also help promote Feel Taipei campaign tours and related souvenirs through store broadcast and cashier display screens. Furthermore, TPEDOIT will also participate in the upcoming Tourism EXPO Japan 2017 between September 22 and 24, as well as road show events at Yurakucho Station in Tokyo and Sakuragicho in Yokohama. At the respective booths, individuals who fill out questionnaires will receive free Nin Jiom throat herbal candies as well as a chance to enter raffle offering round trip tickets from Japan to Taipei.  
The Department of Civil Affairs (DCA) will join Shilin Cixian Temple in organizing the 2017 Northern Taiwan Matsu Cultural Festival between September 25 and October 7. The event seeks to introduce locals to the charisma of traditional temple culture.An exhibition on the belief of Matsu deity will also take place at Shilin Public Assembly Hall from September 23 through October 8, showcasing the characteristics of the festivals host temple Shilin Cixian Temple, local religious traits, historical relics, as well as temple crafts and photographs from past festivals. One of the highlights of the exhibits on display will be the paintings by artist Huang Chu-ping, who has traveled around the island working in artist-in-residence programs. Despite her lack in artist training, she has developed a style of her own for art creation, spanning painting, photography, and installation art. Hangs paintings, mostly portraying folk figures in a specific cultural context, employ black and white illustration techniques to express the interaction between humans and the environment. As part of the festival, the Shilin Civic Hall will hold the Matsu Pilgrimage and Introduction of Matsu the Goddess events in the afternoon of September 23 and 30. The occasions will involve music fanfare, crawling under the palanquin, placing a fortune handkerchief over the incense burner to pray for happiness, and other rituals, to salute the traditional practice of Matsu worship.Citizens are invited to participate in related activities of the annual religious fest. For more information, please contact Shilin Public Assembly Hall at 02-28826200, ext. 6213 or 02-88611753. 
The swearing-in ceremony for Chen Jia-chang, the new commissioner of Taipei City Police Department (TCPD), took place on September 21. Presiding over the ceremony, Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji expressed his gratitude to all the guests for attending and to the outgoing commissioner Chiu Feng-kuang for his contributions to the City through improvements such as lower crime rates and smoother traffic.Teng pointed out that Taipei is an important part of Chius career, where many people recalled how Chiu, earlier in his career, broke into the hideout of gunman Chen Chin-hsing with fellow officers to rescue hostages despite insufficient gear.The deputy mayor stressed that Chiu is not only outstanding in enforcing law and order, but also invested much effort in supervising the police force. He recalled how he told Chiu not to forget about his own rights and family when looking after the well-being of 7,000 police officers and their families.In addition to wishing Chiu the best in his position as the deputy director-general of the National Police Agency, Teng also expressed his well-wishes on behalf of Mayor Ko Wen-je to Chen, hoping the new commissioner will continue to uphold Taipeis safety and security. 
The Summer Universiade bear mascot Bravo bear has landed a new job as the mascot of Taipei City.During the international sports meet, Bravo-themed merchandise was so well-received that much of the stocks were depleted quickly. Even Universiade badminton gold medalist Tai Tzu-ying revealed that she has a collection of Bravo plush dolls in various styles, indicating that the mascot has won the heart of a great number of fans. In a thank-you dinner for Universiade volunteers on September 20, Mayor Ko Wen-je presented a gold medal to Bravo as a token of appreciation from Taipei City Government for the mascots service. Having its own office in the City Hall, the bear will take on the responsibility of promoting city policies and tourism campaigns in the future.Ko expressed his gratitude to Bravo for its effort to market the 2017 Universiade. He commended the bear for actively seeking new jobs and ways to strengthen its potentials after the conclusion of the sports event.Since the Universiade drew to a close, Bravo has submitted its resume at the Xinyi Employment Services Station hoping to secure a new job. A number of companies across different industries expressed their interest and made good offers to the prospective employee, including CatWalk Production House, 7-Eleven, Southern Taiwan Science Park Bureau, and others.To acquire more professional skills, Bravo also visited some of the Citys established businesses to work as an apprentice. These shops include Ri Xing Type Foundry, Lees Bakery, and Shengji Chinese Pharmacy.  
With the conclusion of the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei, the events mascot Bravo the Bear continues to enjoy great popularity despite being unemployed at the moment. To take advantage of the mascots fame, the Fire Department announced that it is hiring the bear as its Disaster Prevention Ambassador.The agency held a facebook live broadcast of Bravos appointment from the Fire Safety Museum between 9:10 AM and 9:30 AM on September 21.To allow the mascot to acquire the latest disaster prevention skill, the agency organized an entire course for Bravo at the museum. Bravo will have the opportunity to wear firefighters apparel and ride a fire engine. During the initial stage, the mascot entered the earthquake experience zone and learned the secret of protecting oneself during a tremor  fall flat, seek for cover, and secure a stable location. Next, Bravo enjoyed hands-on experience in putting out a fire with fellow young classmates. After completing the course, the bear received the Ambassador of Disaster Prevention sash to symbolize its new position.For more information on earthquakes and safety tips, please visit the website of Taiwan Earthquake Drills (http://www.comedrill.com.tw/)(Chinese). Users who register at the website and share their photos of themselves participating in drills between September 21 and October 31 will have a chance to win vouchers for Tsan Kuen electronics retail store worth up to NT$10,000!
With the approach of Mid-Autumn Festival and Double Ten Day, the Youth Development Office (YDO) is joining hands with travel planning platform Travel 98 to hold an event inviting young people from around the island to explore Taipei.Between September 18 and November 17, individuals between ages 12 to 30 are welcome to visit the capital and participate in the campaign by posting an essay on the activity website about their stay in the city. The content must include the travelers itinerary, at least one tourist attraction, one culinary spot, pictures of the locations, and a description with a minimum of 30 words.Those who follow the rules of the event will be eligible to enter a raffle promising vouchers worth NT$10,000 and three trips in Taiwan sponsored by KLOOK. Whats more, friends who like your blog will also have a chance of winning an NT$500 voucher in a weekly raffle!   According to YDO, the Summer Universiade has shown the world Taipeis beauty and vitality. The campaign is mounted in a bid to maintain the tourism momentum in the city following the sports event, seeking to draw more visitors to discover the scenic, humanistic, and culinary scenes of Taipei from the unique perspectives of youths.Those interested are also invited to sign up for a series of free classes organized by YDO, featuring tips by travel experts regarding domestic and oversea trip planning, independent travel, new adventures, and other highlights.  Visit the activity website to learn more:https://travel98.com/event/youngtripintaipei (Chinese)
Between September 14 and 21, a series of family-fun activities are taking place at Xinfu Market, inviting parents and kids from 4th to 6th grade to participate. Activities including Market Tour, One-day Stall Owner, and Market Speed Writer combined with sales and bargains will no doubt bring new highlights to the traditional marketplace.In an effort to revitalize Dongsanshui Street and Xinfu Market, the city reached an agreement with vendors and the market self-governing association on establishing a family-friendly market following 180 days of negotiations and talks.The current plan involves the integration of environmental education and agriculture and food-ingredient-related knowledge into the traditional market, hoping to attract entire families to invigorate the market.To strengthen the markets characteristics and features, a total of 13 vendors took part in the overhaul this year. Focusing on the ideas of family-friendly and tourism-friendly, a team of over 30 individuals were involved in the renovation  from market clean-up to paint jobs. The renovated marketplace utilizes bright colors and lighting to emphasize the merchandise displays, creating a refreshing look for the stalls. The vendors also plan a series of interactive abilities to boost interactions with visitors and customers, making them feel welcome.
During an address at a symposium promoting e-commerce in Taipei on September 18, Mayor Ko Wen-je stressed that sharing economy and circular economy are the global trends of today.The mayor took the opportunity to share the city governments measures in answering industry development challenges and business opportunities arising from the growing sharing economy. The event also sought to collect public feedback and thoughts on collaborative economy, hoping to allow for smooth adaptation to the new economic environment.The mayor reckoned that policymaking is defined by three key elements: public opinion, professionalism, and values. Noting that the emergence of peer economy related companies  such as Uber and Airbnb  are answers to public needs, Ko believes that the city government should work on regulating, instead of prohibiting, the new business models. Taking city governance as an example, Ko pointed out that the biggest obstacle to promoting new policies is not so much about implementing new systems but about dealing with existing systems and manpower. Therefore, the city government needs to figure out how to manage privately-operated bike-hire schemes such as Obike following the success of Taipeis YouBike system. The operating model for U-Motor, U-Car, and even shared parking spaces is also an issue on the top of the city governments agenda.Regarding the future of smart payment industry, Ko remarked that the City can learn from the lessons from China, which is moving rapidly in the development of electronic payment market  even introducing smart payment to traditional markets. Ko added that the convenient payment system not only serves to benefit both ends of the transaction, but also provides valuable data that can be used for industry development analysis.  
On September 18, Taipei City Archives announced 14 items to be included on the list of Taipeis cultural heritage assets. All of the antiques possess over 100 years of history.  A total of 13 relics on the list are stored at Shilin Elementary Schools School History Room. These pieces date back to the Japanese Colonial Period and are intrinsic to the schools founding.   Shilin Elementary School was founded as the Zhishanyan Lecture Hall in 1895. The institutions past names over its 120 years of history included National Language School First Affiliated School, Bazhilan Public School, Shilin Public School, and Shilin Citizens School. It acquired its current name Taipei Municipal Shilin Elementary School in 1974.   Thanks to its long history, the school boasts an archive with valuable historical materials accumulated over the years. The 13 items submitted by the school to be added to the list included rare documents such as property account records, local writing journals, roster of building donors, students study booklets, award certificates, diploma, and more.   Among the list of relics is the diploma issued to Pan Nai-wen, one of the six graduates of the first class at Zhishanyan Lecture Hall and a member of Shilins gentry. The Pan family played an important role in the building and sponsorship of the three major temples in Shilin District  Shennong Temple, Cixian Temple, and Huiji Temple.  At the same time, Taipei City Archives also proclaimed the two Komainu (lion-dog) statues at Jiantan Park as standard relics. The pair of sacred beasts were donated by officers of the Japanese Imperial Army to Taiwan Grand Shrine in 1902 and recognized as one of the few well-preserved artifacts from the grand shrine remaining today.   
The Citys second dog park  Tanmei Furkids Happy Park in Neihu will be inaugurated at 10 AM on September 24. The Animal Protection Office (APO) is holding a series of activities to celebrate the opening of the new facility, including dog training performances, World Rabies Day 2017 (September 28) promotion, dog competitions, canine quizzes, and more. APO invites residents to bring their dogs to participate in the event and try out the new amenities, joining pet lovers Lin Yu-pin, Flower Chung, Stanley, as well as animal stars poodles Halo and Hamei, Shiba Inu gifaye, and Maltese Meat bun.The organizers pointed out that a total of 50 teams will be chosen from those who registered online through a random selection mechanism. They will receive a pack of special souvenirs containing picnic blanket, bottled water, and dog poop bags. Pet owners who wish to enter the raffle must complete microchip implant and registry for their furry companions. Sign up for the event at https://goo.gl/forms/G2MfgfokBFMOqdAQ2 (Chinese).Visitors are also encouraged to adopt a dog on the day of the event at Taipei Animal Shelter and bring home limited edition presents. Only 20 sets will be given away.According to APO Director Yen I-feng, Tanmei Furkids Happy Park is the first of its kind to be named by the public via online voting system. Taking up 2,530 square meters and located in close proximity to Taipei Animal Shelter and Neihu Restoration Park, the venue can be reached through a ride on the Taipei Dog Friendly Buses.
On September 16, Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived at the armed forces dorm facility for single retirees located on Bade Road in Zhongshan District. He spoke with the retirees and wished them an early happy Moon Festival.There are currently 14 dormitories for single retirees of the ROC military located across the city in the districts of Daan, Wenshan, Zhongshan, Zhongzheng, and Xinyi. The average age of the retirees living in these facilities is 85 years old.The mayor noted that these elders are under the care of the Ministry of Defense since they are retired veterans. However, they are also Taipeis citizens, so the City also has the responsibility of looking after their well-being. He instructed the Commissioner of the Compulsory Military Service Department to find out whether they need the Citys assistance. The Department of Social Welfare will consolidate resources from the Ministry of Defense and the Veterans Affairs Council to make sure they can receive better care.He recalled his trip to the radar facility in Penghu last week, noting that soldiers operating the station are like critical care physicians  their schedules do not differentiate between workdays and holidays. He understands the highly-demanding 24-7-365 shift schedule of both professions.Ko also expressed his gratitude to the members of the ROCMP 202 Command for assisting Taipei City over long periods of time. Whether during the aftermath of typhoons or the anti-terrorist measures during the Universiade, the units contribution and efforts have always played important roles.  
The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) has joined EVA Air and Japans H.I.S. travel agency in launching the Feel Taipei travel package in a press event in Tokyo on September 14. A three-day trip to Taipei with an itinerary corresponding to ones own preferences, an eating spree, and a bunch of limited edition souvenirs are included in a package available for less than 50,000 yen! Check http://japan.travel.taipei/HIS/ for more information. TPEDOIT Commissioner Chien Yu-yen invites Japanese tourists to visit Dadaocheng and Bangka, which boast rich historical heritage and art activity. She especially recommended taking the Taipei Double Decker Bus to enjoy the City from a different angle.  In light of the rising number of female Japanese visitors over the years, the organizers invited well-known Japanese illustrator Naho Ogawa and model Rina Tanaka to share their perceptions of Taipei. Ogawa published an illustration book last year about her travel to Taipei involving stops at bookstores, galleries, and unique coffee shops, describing each visit to the City as inspirational and invigorating. Online celebrity Tanaka also wrote two books about the Citys tourist attractions and special snacks, noting that Taipei never fails to provide her a warm homecoming experience.  As part of the promotional effort, lychee-flavored popsicles with the ingredients imported from Taiwan will be available at Japans FamilyMart convenience stores starting September 19. Those who purchase a round-trip ticket to Taipei at the EVA Air Japanese website will also receive discounts. Chien pointed out that TPEDOIT will participate in the Tourism EXPO Japan in Tokyo next week to continue the promotion for the Feel Taipei travel package. To learn more about the campaign, please visit http://japan.travel.taipei/ (Japanese).
The Public Transportation Office (PTO) reported that the percentage of low-floor buses among the citys fleet of public buses will exceed 80-percent following the addition of new buses for routes 287 (operated by MTC Bus) and 957 (operated by Tamsui Bus) slated for September 15.According to the agencies, a total of 2,810 low-floor buses provide senior citizens and mobility-challenged individuals with more accessible transportation environment. Based on a survey on public bus conducted this year, over 90-percent of surveyed citizens expressed satisfaction regarding low-floor buses. Since 2008, bus operators are encouraged to replace traditional buses with newer, low-floor buses. A total of 87 low-floor vehicles have replaced their more traditional predecessors, with 12 more scheduled to join the fleet by the end of the year.With gradual replacement of the fleet each year, the city bus operation has improved its capabilities to better accommodate elders, pregnant women, and mobility-challenged individuals with onboard facilities such as wheelchair parking space, extendable ramp, and wheelchair lift.The agency noted that it plans to continue encouraging private operators to replace traditional buses with low-floor buses. With an estimated 155 low-floor buses entering service in 2018, PTO expects the percentage of low-floor buses to reach 85-percent of the entire public bus fleet and reaching 90-percent by 2020. 
Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) announced that winners of the photography competition for the well-received 2017 Giant Water Lilies Exhibition have been selected. The winning photographs can be found at http://pkl.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=340321395&ctNode=88834&mp=106011 (Chinese) According to PSLO, the exhibition at Shuangxi Park has attracted over 50,000 visitors since its opening. In light of the popularity of the giant Victoria water lilies, the agency decided to extend the exhibition to September 30. The public who miss out on the last opportunity to appreciate the beauty of the giant water lilies will have to wait until next year!PSLO pointed out that the judge panel has had a hard time determining winners from the submitted works  depicting giant water lilies set against the backdrop of a traditional Chinese garden  as most of the photographs are as stunning as they are highly professional.Beauty of Serenity, which shows how the blue sky at sunset adds to the splendor of the water lilies, grabbed the top prize. The second prize went to Colorful Clouds, which illustrates the kaleidoscopic transformation of clouds over Shuangxi Park right before typhoon Nesat hit Taiwan. Guests in the Water, portraying schools of fish swimming near the water surface of the floating leaves of water lilies, took the third prize.  
Taipei City has claimed the Digital Government Award organized by Asian-Oceanian Computing (ASOCIO) for its pay.taipei service launched in June this year. Information Technology Commissioner Lee Wei-bin received the honor at the gala dinner of 21th World Congress on Information Technology.Adopting the theme of Innovative Taipei of Asia, the Taipei Pavilion showcased a smart display zone during the WCIT 2017 event. Visitors were able to witness the Citys achievements in fintech through electronic payments. Lee pointed out that the software development environment in Taiwan is growing mature. Residents have started to try new forms of payment methods in an age where mobile payments abound. Pay.taipei, designed with the core purpose of integrating public service fee information, allows industry players to tap into the online payment market while benefiting residents with a convenient and smart platform. The award serves to recognize the Citys effort in digital governance employing information and communications technology.Since its introduction, pay.taipei has reported 250,000 transactions, involving NT$21 million in public service fees. Department of Information Technology plans to expand the scope of the online service, at the same time seeking to drive the growth of smart payment market. 
Urban Regeneration Office (URO) announced that the 17th Old Building New Life Awards is accepting submissions between September 15 and November 15!The City invites projects which adopt unique and creative approaches to old building renovation, remodeling, or reconstruction to participate in the competition -- with total prize money of NT$400,000. Established in 2001, the Old Building New Life Awards have recognized 165 outstanding projects, becoming a reference indicator for other architectural awards in Taiwan. In addition to recognizing iconic examples of space transformation and building maintenance, the Awards also provide a platform for designers behind the projects to express their ideas and expectations, thereby creating a positive impact upon the city.For example, the silver prize winner of 2016 award Center for Innovation Taipei (CIT) transformed the spectator area of the former Zhongshan Soccer Stadium into an industry innovation center taking the form of co-working space that allows entrepreneurs and craftsmen to work, exchange experience, and engage in industry networking.The designer of another second-place winner Ruins Coffee Roasters injected new life into a 20-year-old warehouse while decorating the workshop with antique furniture, exuding a vintage ambiance and distinctive aesthetics.To learn more about the Old Building New Life Awards, please visit the Facebook page (https://www.facebook.com/taipeioldhouse/)(Chinese) or the official website (www.taipeiface.com)(Chinese). Inquiries can also be made via telephone (TEL: 2781-0111, ext. 203 or 2191-5696, ext. 3127). 
In light of Typhoon Talims approach, the New Construction Office (NCO) of Public Works Department is taking steps to make preparation for possible landfall. The agency has completed the inspection of local construction sites to ensure that fences and equipment are either removed or secured and checking that sewers near construction sites are unclogged.For city roads and bridges, the scheduled maintenance of pumps and tracking of water levels through monitoring systems are vital to ensuring uninterrupted operation during typhoons. Additional personnel have also been assigned to assist Environmental Protection Department staff in cleaning refuse and debris from storm drains along city roads to minimize the chance of water accumulation and flooding on thoroughfares. According to NCO, flooding prevention works have been completed and both equipment and staff members are on standby to perform emergency rescue and relief operations during the typhoon. For emergencies such as damaged roads or flooding on roads or underpasses, call the 1999 Citizens Hotline and staff from NCO will be dispatched to the site to deal with the situation. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je presented awards to the winners of this years cosplay competition at Ximen commercial district on September 10. Over the years, the tournament has grown both in scale and popularity, attracting 26 teams in 2017  more than double the number compared to the first year of the competition. The famous quote You are only limited by your own imagination can best explain the rapid development of the event, Ko reckoned. The mayor noted that he found cosplayers dressed as the comic character Lin Mo-niang to be quite amusing, praising the young participants for their unbridled imagination. He believed that considerable efforts were invested by enthusiasts to present the impressive makeup and costumes for the cosplayers.  Despite not being a fan of cosplay, Ko remarked that it is an interesting aspect of pop culture. He also expressed his amazement at the somewhat wacky but well-received products of Taipei Lantern Festival earlier this year. In light of this, he believes the city government should provide a platform allowing youths to exert their creativity.  Ko also took the opportunity to promote Ximending, a unique commercial district located in the citys historic block where the latest teenager trends spring up. The vibrant scene of Ximending comprises elements spanning cinema, tattoo culture, exotic fashion styles, and anime. 
Described as the Olympics of the ICT industry, the 2017 World Congress on Information Technology is taking place in Taipei this week. On September 11, Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the Taipei Night gala dinner to welcome the guests.According to Ko, Taipei has seen advances in the integration of ICT technologies and industry, from smart transportation to smart public housing to fintech. It was also recognized by WEGO Smart Sustainable City Awards in the Cooperative City category and won the Smart City Asia Pacific Awards for two consecutive years in 2015 and 2016. He took the opportunity to express his gratitude to the dignitaries for attending the event, stressing that WCIT is the next major international event to take place right after the 2017 Universiade. He also thanked the organizers and WITSA for providing Taipei City the opportunity to host this important occasion.Information Technology Commissioner Lee Wei-bin remarked that Taipeis efforts in implementing smart city policies are the results of collaboration between city agencies and Taipei Smart City Project Management Office. The City also established the Smart City Commission to gather opinions across different sectors and serve as a platform connecting the public and private sectors.In addition to providing fine cuisine, the organizers of Taipei Night also arranged exciting stage performances, including music by Taipei Symphony Orchestra and shows by street artists and traditional arts groups, as well as traditional crafts demonstrations such as calligraphy, dough figurine, and sugar painting.
Mayor Ko Wen-je embarked on an inspection trip to the Magong Naval Base in Penghu during the weekend of September 8.Leading a delegation comprising city officials and councilors, Ko expressed his gratitude to the members of the armed force for serving the country during his stopover at the 146th Naval Fleet Command of Observatory Island on September 8. He presented holiday bonus money to the troops and wished them a happy Mid-Autumn Festival.The mayor also boarded Cheng-Kung class frigate Cheng Ho to inspect the warships flight deck, Phalanx close-in weapons system, 76 mm canons, pilot house, and torpedo tubes. He later joined the crew for a photo opportunity session. On September 9, the city delegation arrived at the West Island Radar Site, the most important radar base along the center line of the Taiwan Strait. Drawing parallels between the radar station and the monitoring equipment of a hospitals intensive care unit, Ko reckoned that both facilities involve around-the-clock operation and alert mechanism  the former charged with the task of surveillance of Taiwans southwest territorial waters while the latter being responsible for detecting vital signs of patients with severe injuries or illnesses. Asked by the media about his impression of Cheng Ho frigate, the mayor remarked that he was amazed by the cutting-edge technology employed by modern frigates, each costing a remarkable NT$1.5 billion. Taiwan should bolster its defense capabilities through the pursuit of advanced technology, Ko reckoned.The city delegation also visited the ROC armys 101st Amphibious Reconnaissance Battalion, an air force squadron, and a number of Penghus tourist attractions during their stay in Penghu before heading back to Taipei.   
The 21st World Congress on Information Technology (WCIT 2017) is being held at the World Trade Center Hall 1 between September 10 and 13. Adopting the theme of Innovative Taipei of Asia, the Taipei Booth will spotlight achievements in the fields of Smart Housing, Smart Transportation, Smart Medical Service, Smart Education, Financial Technology (EasyCard), and Shezidao Smart Construction, among others.According to Commissioner Lee Wei-bin of the Department of Information Technology, Taipei Booth will showcase the convenience of Taipeis one-day living circle made possible by technological applications. The Smart City Initiative has seen the successful test run of driverless buses along Xinyi Road bus lane utilizing autonomous vehicle technology in August, an experiment that received nationwide attention and international spotlight.In the area of Fin Tech, the city-developed pay.taipei payment platform -- which incorporates eight service providers allowing residents to pay water bills, medical service expenses, and parking fees  has reported 222,000 use counts since the introduction of the service two months ago. As for Smart Housing, the City released the Smart Housing 2.0 pamphlet detailing the framework and implementation standards for housing projects involving ICT issues and architectural knowhow. Smart Education, on the other hand, highlights the CooC Cloud online learning platform which boasts 3,000 tutorial videos and over 30,000 e-books.Regarding Smart Medical Service, policies such as electronic patient records and medication history have been implemented by Taipei City Hospital, with plans to set up smart hospitals and smart nursing stations currently in the works. For Smart Transportation, the City has put in place 300 YouBike rental stations and a fleet of 9,838 bicycles the number of stations and bikes is expected to reach 400 and 13,000, respectively, by the end of 2017.In addition to the aforementioned smart applications, Taipei Booth also invited local teachers and students in Shezidao to engage in VR experience  which demonstrates how Shezidao is going to transform in virtual reality environments. 
With the conclusion of the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei on August 30, the various competition venues have undergone refurbishing and been reassigned to other purposes. According to the Department of Sports (SPD), the management of the majority of venues has been returned to their respective governing agencies. For example, Taipei Arena, which served as Universiades venue for basketball matches, has already began hosting other activities following the events closing.The majority of venues used for Universiade events fall under two categories. The operation of newly-constructed facilities such as Taipei City Tennis Center and Taipei Heping Basketball Stadium has already been commissioned to other organizations in compliance with the Act of Promotion of Private Participation in Infrastructure Projects. As for facilities temporarily assigned to hosting Universiade matches, the original agencies have reclaimed the management of these venues after the games.The organization in charge of Taipei City Tennis Center is expected to take over before the end of September and will begin adding equipment and interior refurbishments. The facility will act as a center for promoting tennis sport as well as meeting the diverse sports needs of citizens. The Taipei Heping Basketball stadium is now open for event reservations.The main stadium of Taipei Municipal Stadium will reopen to the public after maintenance of the field has been completed (The warm-up zone will reopen to the public on September 12). The majority of Universiade event venues including stadiums in New Taipei, Taoyuan Municipal Stadium, track and field venues, and swimming pools have already reopened. The Yingfeng Riverside Park Roller Sports Rink will start taking activity reservations starting October 1.
The annual refurbished furniture sales will take place at the Neihu Recycled Furniture Center and Auction House on September 10. According to the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP), one of the featured items at the upcoming event will be a refurbished security counter from the Universiade games which have modified into a storage counter. The organizers have also invited Bravo, the mascot of the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei, to serve as the head auctioneer on the day of the event. Furthermore, a series of refurbished furniture, including a two-tier storage cabinet, computer cabinet, and TV cabinet with the autograph of Mayor Ko Wen-je, will also receive the spotlight at the upcoming auction. DEP also noted that the auction will include a new recycled product zone targeting students. Merchandise include 100 refurbished bicycles with student-discount price of NT$499. The zone will also carry 30 sets of furniture including desks, computer tables, and single beds. Each item comes with price tags ranging from NT$400 to NT$499. Another new feature added to the auction event was the establishment of creativity stalls, where agency staff utilized materials from used clothing and other sources to create pouches, or crafting wood from fallen trees or construction material leftovers to produce pencil stands, cell phone stands, coasters, and more.
In response to the unceasing demand for Taipei Universiade-related products even after the conclusion of the international sports event, the Department of Economic Development (DED) announced that the licensed Universiade merchandise supplier Fresh Taiwan will launch the latest round of presale activity between 8 PM on September 6 and 23:59 PM on September 10!According to DED, the remarkable performance of local athletes and the campaigning effort by the mascot Bravo bear not only helped boost Universiade ticket sales, but have also driven up the demand for related merchandise raking in over $70 million in souvenir sales.   Limited edition products quickly sold out during the five presale activities between August 27 and September 3, including 2,017 blue-white towels, 6,000 Bravo charms, Bravo dolls, 3,000 sports towels, and 5,000 Universiade commemorative badge sets.  The upcoming presale event will feature 100-hour unlimited supply of Bravo dolls as well as other commemorative souvenirs. Universiade fans should seize this opportunity to grab one before too late! To learn more about Universiade commodity information or order products, please visit https://summeruniver.qdm.com.tw/ (Chinese) or call 06-384-2228.
A 6-member rescue squad from Taipeis Fire Department was in Japan to take part in a disaster prevention drill spanning 6 days. The team members stayed at Tokyo between August 30 and September 4. Located along an active earthquake belt, Japan is no stranger to major tremors. Each year, the nation organizes joint disaster prevention drills across the nation to strengthen the preparedness of related agencies and raise public awareness on the threat. Through the Network for Crisis Management involving major Asian cities, Tokyo invited Taipeis emergency rescue team to take part in the exercises, seeking to boost interaction among international rescue forces in the area of immediate coordination and operation in the case of major disasters. The 2017 Joint Disaster Prevention Drill was organized by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government and Chofu City at the Tamagawa Childrens Park. The scenario of the exercise depicts Tokyo after being hit by a magnitude-6 earthquake in the Tamagawa area. The exercise involved over 60 public and private organizations, including Tokyos Disaster Medical Assistance Team and Police Department, as well as teams from the Japan Self-defense Forces.Taipeis rescue squad took part in operations involving car accidents, building destruction, and survivor search. The team members also had the chance to exchange experience with counterparts from Japan, Singapore, and South Korea. 
In collaboration with Friends of Daan Forest Park Foundation and Treegarden, Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) has kicked off the Woodpecker Program on September 5. The program, through partnership between the public and private sectors, aims to establish a health monitoring network for the Citys trees.According to PSLO, the agency is responsible for taking care of approximately 170,000 trees across the Citys parks, greens, plazas, and roads. The task requires fast and accurate assessment of the health of ailing trees. While providing residents with a cool and cozy living environment, trees can become a threat to human lives and properties when falling or having limbs broken due to environmental factors. In light of this, PSLO has been placing great emphasis on the diagnosis and treatment for trees over the years by incorporating professional assistance. The Woodpecker Program this year, for example, will involve arborists teaching participants about the right methods of tree pruning as well as imparting knowledge regarding tree protection and conservation.     Those who have completed training and passed exams for the program will receive a certificate and become a member of the Citys tree protectors. Two more sessions of the Woodpecker Program will take place on October 26 and November 18. To register, visit https://goo.gl/zey28S (Chinese).
Mayor Ko Wen-je presented awards to the winner of the first Golden Farming Village competitionHutien Community (Zhuzihu)  on August 29. On behalf of Taipei, the community will advance to the nation-wide finals to compete for the top honor of representing Taiwan in exchange activities with Germans agricultural villages. Located in the center of Yangmingshan National Park, Hutien Community was formerly known for its floriculture industry thanks to the alpine climate suitable for the cultivation of cherry blossoms, calla lilies, hydrangeas, and camellias. In recent years, the community has transformed into developing recreational farming that incorporates tourism, dining, and floriculture industries, therefore generating significant economic benefits. Hutien is also the birthplace of the islands japoca rice. With the locals rehabilitation effort in 2011, japoca rice farming has been successfully revived after disappearing for forty years. Adopting the approach of natural farming, the community has also shouldered educational responsibility by holding agricultural experience activities for elementary and junior high schools in the neighborhood.     Department of Economic Development (DED) pointed out that the competition serves to examine the advantages and resources of Taipeis farming communities, hence helping them explore development opportunities and unlock their potential while bringing people together to achieve a common goal.  Some of the most outstanding agricultural communities that emerged from the competition include silver medal winner Neihus Baishihu Community, which has a reputation for growing organic vegetables and fruits and bronze medal winner Nangangs Jiuru Community, recognized for the production of green bamboo shoots and preservation of Sifen River.
Are you a coffee buff? Visit the Citys first coffee-themed park in Zhongshan District  Fuhua Park.According to Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO), Fuhua Park boasts over 60 coffee trees. Not only can visitors find the well-known coffee bean varieties such as Blue Mountain, Colombian, and Mocha, but they will also surely be amazed by some of the rarely-seen varieties including Antigua Flora and Yellow Bourbon. Another feature of Fuhua Park are the tea cup-shaped rest facilities. A former attraction at the Citys old childrens amusement park, the spinning cups were repurposed and given new life as amenities in the Fuhua Park where people can sit and rest. In addition to the functionality and utility of the cups -- which can accommodate three to four people -- the installations also exude nostalgic sentiments across the Park, Fuhua Borough Chief Huang noted.  Buoyed by the successful collaboration between the public and private sectors, PSLO hopes to create more unique community parks via this approach.  Acknowledging the rising popularity of the recreational venue and to catch up with the mobile technology trends, PSLO this year set up QR code in the Park that allow visitors to access coffee information and knowledge around the world through a quick scan of the code.  An annual highlight of Fuhua Borough, the Coffee Ecology Exhibition will take place on October 21. The public are invited to visit the event, spotlighting achievements of coffee cultivation as well as an array of performances. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je pledged to create a society allowing the elderly to live a healthy and meaningful life in a press event promoting the Citys senior welfare policies on September 5. Citing statistics, Ko pointed out that Taiwan is a rapidly aging society. The number of Taipei residents ages 65 and older is projected to reach 520,000 in five years, accounting for one fifth of the Citys total population. Currently the number of the 65-and-older age group stands at 420,000.In light of this, the city government has been endeavoring to improve Taipeis elderly care system, seeking to provide seniors with a healthy and happy life. A slew of policies will be rolled out to achieve the aim, the first being the senior dining program. The mayor reckoned that the City has established 325 spots across the twelve districts for the program.The purpose for seniors to congregate in a place to dine with each other isnt so much about eating together, but rather about encouraging them to engage in group activities and thus helping enhance their well-being both mentally and physically. In addition, Department of Information Technology is working on designing a vehicle that will be touring the senior dining spots, teaching the elderly how to use digital gadgets from the information age  for example the mobile phones, tablets, among other IT products. Taipei City Hospital also plans to launch the mobile clinic van, which will provide the elderly with cancer screening and vaccination services by visiting the places where senior residents gather.   Whats more, the mayor announced that the City will issue a seniority card with a given number of points, with which the holders will be able to take public bus, MRT, taxi, Maokong Gondola, YouBike, and other facilities.
On September 3, Mayor Ko Wen-je presented awards to elementary school students who delivered outstanding performances in a competition to reduce the use of plastics. Citing statistics, the mayor pointed out that as much as a truck-load of plastic garbage is dumped into the ocean every day. The microplastics will make their way into animals that eat ocean creatures through the food chain, thus having a significant impact on the health of human beings.    According to Ko, his administration has been dedicated to implementing environmental protection policies since he assumed office, with the belief that eco-consciousness is a cornerstone of a civilized society. Over the past three years, the city government has taken steps to ban the use of disposable and melamine utensils, a policy that began at the City Hall and has been actively promoted across the private sector. To date, the city government  with approximately 6,000 staff members  has seen the reduction of paper waste by 75% and plastic waste by 65%.Ko added that the City also faces the challenge of air pollution, with the PM2.5 concentration levels currently standing at 17 as a result of waste incineration. He hopes to bring the level down to 15 by continuing to reduce the amount of garbage. To set an example, the mayor remarked he has asked staff members not to offer him bottled water when he is obliged to attend activities. He also pledged to promote the Citys policy of discouraging the burning of joss paper in traditional worship ceremonies as a way to improve air quality. 
Taipei Confucius Temple is collaborating with WildViewTaiwan to hold the WildViewTaiwan Film Festival at the 4D Theater starting September 9.Environmental issues have been a major concern of Confucianism. Such concepts can be seen in the writings of one of the greatest Chinese sages  Mencius -- who warned of the negative impact to be brought by environmental damage as early as 2,000 years ago. To echo the Confucian thought of heaven and humanity, the film festival seeks to raise awareness on the importance of sustainability and environmental ethics.  Dubbed the Green Oscars, this years WildViewTaiwan Film Festival will present a total of 16 movies about nature and wildlife. The movies are selected from award-winning works in the UK-based Wildscreen Festival  a prestigious international festival celebrating the worlds nature films.Taipei Confucius Temple will air a movie on 10 AM and 2 PM, respectively, on Saturday between September 9 and October 28. The screenings will be followed by seminars on related topics featuring film introductions, unique perspectives, and interaction between the audience and online celebrities, literary critics, and ecologists. The 4D Theater, with a capacity of 94 seats, offers free admission for the film screenings. To receive the latest information about the film festival, visit the Chinese website of Taipei Confucius Temple at http://www.ct.taipei.gov.tw/zh-tw/home.htm or its Facebook fan page https://www.facebook.com/taipeiconfuciustemple/  
The Taiwans Heroes Parade  spotlighting 2017 Summer Universiade medalists from the island  took place in the afternoon of August 31. Upon their arrival at Civic Plaza in front of City Hall at 5:30 PM, the athletes received a warm welcome by Mayor Ko Wen-je amidst rapturous applause from the audience.  During his address, Ko lauded the Taiwanese athletes for their outstanding performances during the international sports event. He didnt forget to express his gratitude to those who had gone all out to compete for the honor of Taiwan despite defeat, noting that their fighting spirit was as admirable as honorable.   Despite the low level of public interest in the Universiade before its opening, the event turned out to be a miraculous success and set numerous records in the history of Taiwan. He expressed his gratitude to the staff members from the departments of police, fire, and environmental protection, as well as volunteers from across the social spectrum.Gold medalists Chen Chao-tsun and Kuo Hsing-chun, who competed in mens javelin and womens weightlifting respectively, delivered a speech on behalf of the athletes. Both shared their excitement to have been able to set new records on the soil of their homeland. They also called for continued public support for Taiwans athletes in future sports competitions.Ko attributed the success of the Universiade to everyone, who made efforts to let the world see the best of Taiwan. However, he stressed that the conclusion of the Universiade marks the start of re-examining of operations throughout the event. He believes there is room for improvement and the experience will serve as a valuable source of reference for sports events to come. 
To provide the public with an opportunity to enjoy a bit of icy fun during the fall season, Taipei Arena will be offering special ice rink pair discount tickets on weekdays (Monday through Friday, excluding national holidays) between September 1 and November 30!The pair ticket includes admission for 2 and free gloves, as well as rental ice skates and protective gear. The price of the pair discount ticket is NT$499. It is valid for a 2-hour session at the ice rink on the day of purchase. In addition, customers who purchase the pair discount ticket on Fridays of September (September 1, 8, 15, 22, or 29) can choose one of the following two freebies: either a voucher for a trip on the Maokong Gondola or one granting free admission ticket to Taipei Childrens Amusement Park. The freebies are limited in number, so get them while supplies last! The vouchers are valid through November 30.As an added bonus, those purchasing the pair discount ticket will also receive discount coupons to stores inside Taipei Arena! Please refer to the details on the discount coupons for detailed instructions and valid dates. For more information, please call the TRTC customer hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline. Details are also available at the companys website (http://www.metro.taipei/)(Chinese).
Organized by Taipei City Buddhist Altar and Ritual Supplies Business Association, the Taipei Altar and Ritual Supplies Culture Festival will kick off on September 5.To coincide with Ghost Month, the event will feature preparation of offerings for the deceased. Other highlights of the festival include guided tours, DIY sessions, and seminars to introduce people to the hundred-year-old history of Taipei s Buddhist altar and ritual supplies craft industry  which continues to reinvent and transform itself over the years. During the guided tour, participants will embark on a journey to explore the temple culture and Buddhist altar and ritual industry in Xiyuan and Songshan areas. Professional docents will educate participants on local religious beliefs and methods to appreciate the crafts of sculpturing wooden statues of gods, hand-painted lanterns, embroidery, gilding techniques, and more. Acclaimed deity statue carvers will be invited to demonstrate this rarely-seen art and instruct people on making useful tools as souvenirs in the hands-on sessions. For the seminars, the speaker will encourage attendees to look at religious artifacts from a non-religious perspective and appreciate the sheer artistic beauty. Online registration is now available at the following Chinese websites:https://goo.gl/Lu2s1Z (guided tours)https://goo.gl/HPoyP3 (DIY artwork sessions)https://goo.gl/HQG5FV (seminars)To learn more about the event, visit the Facebook pages of the festival (https://ppt.cc/fkW6gx) or Taipei City Office of Commerce (https://www.facebook.com/tcooc/?fref=mentions)  
A parade honoring Taiwans athletes who took part in the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei will take place in the afternoon of August 31. The Taiwanese heroes of the major international sports event will congregate at Civic Plaza, so dont miss the chance to see them in person!The Taiwan Heroes Grand Parade will arrive at Civic Plaza in front of city hall at approximately 5:30 PM. The organizers have also planned a series of shows and performances on the main stage starting at 4:30 PM. Performers include the cheer leading squad from Shih Hsin University and Kainan Vocational School Marching Band, among others.Weight-lifting medalist and world-record breaker Kuo Hsing-chun and keeper of Asian record of javelin throw Cheng Chao-tsun will be addressing the audience on behalf of the participating athletes. Mayor Ko Wen-je and Minister of Sports Lin Te-fu will also express their gratitude to athletes, staff, and volunteers who are the keys to the success of the Universiade.The organizers will also play footages of the Universiade to allow participants to relive the exciting moments of the games. Free limited version ROC mini flags will also be given away at the venue.Taiwanese athletes showed outstanding performances at the 2017 Universiade, claiming a total of 26 gold medals, 34 silver medals, and 30 bronze medals. This ranked Taiwan third place on the rank of total medals won during this international competition, which is also the top record for Taiwan at the Universiade.
With the closing ceremony of the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei taking place on Wednesday, August 30, the Police Department has announced the following measures to ensure the order and safety of the event:Traffic Control MeasuresDuration: 3 PM through midnight, August 30, 2017Areas Affected:1. Closed Area: With the exception of Universiade-designated vehicles, all vehicles are prohibited from entering these areas.(a) Northbound slow lane on Dunhua N. Road (between Nanjing E. Road and Bade Road intersections)(b) Beining Road2. Control Zone: With the exception of Universiade-designated vehicles and public buses, all vehicles are prohibited from entering these areas.(a) Northbound slow lane and a single fast line on the right side along Dunhua S. Road (between Bade Road and Civic Boulevard intersections)(b) All lanes on Bade Road (between Dunhua and Beining Road intersections)(c) Eastbound lanes on Nanjing East Road (between Dunhua and Bining Road intersections) Parking Control MeasuresDuration: Noon through midnight, August 30, 2017Area Affected: Beining Road (west side, between Nanjing E. Road and Bade Road intersections), Bade Road (north side, between Beining Road and Dunhua N. Road intersections), Dunhua N. Road (both sides, between Nanjing E. Road and Bade Road intersections), and Nanjing E. Road (parking is banned along both sides of the road and parking spaces on pedestrian walkway are suspended for the duration)A Reminder for Drivers and Pedestrians:1. Traffic police will strengthen efforts to crack down on parking violations in the control zone around Taipei Stadium during this period.2. Due to insufficient parking facilities in the area, those seeking to attend the ceremony are encouraged to take public transportation to the venue and avoid driving.3. Traffic congestion in the vicinity of Taipei Stadium is highly likely as the event takes place on a weekday and the first day of school. Drivers should avoid the area by taking detours such as Guangfu S. Road, Fuxing S. Road, and Jianguo S. Road vehicles traveling in the east-west direction should take Minsheng E. Road, Civic Boulevard, or Zhongxiao E. Road instead.4. The scope of traffic control may be expanded depending on the level of traffic congestion and other factors. Drivers should follow the instructions of police officers and volunteer traffic police at roads and intersections. 
The Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) will be holding a photography exhibition and a seminar at Taipei Collectible Botanical Garden on September 2. The event features works by renowned botanical photographer Hsieh Chia-ling, as well as tips for taking beautiful pictures of plants by award-winning educationalist Kuo Tsung-te.As a way to increase the diversity of environmental education, the event seeks to engage the public in photo-shooting activities that allow participants to interact with nature and enhance their aesthetics, while at the same time cultivating the environmental awareness of those involved, PSLO Director remarked. According to Kuo, the seminar comprises two activities: The first game involves participants randomly drawing a topic from the lot to photograph based on the objects inside Taipei Collectible Botanical Garden. The participants must complete their photo shoot within a given amount of time and upload their works onto the Gardens Facebook page. The speaker will then evaluate their works.The second part of the seminar will focus on lightthe essence of photography. Kuo will instruct the participants to take photos of the gardens botanic ecology using different light sources to create various effects. They will be encouraged to incorporate their own observation and props to create unique works.To register, please visit https://goo.gl/AL4Tvb (Chinese) or contact Mr. Tai via mobile phone (0987-106716) or email: lucky771202@gmail.comTaipei Collectible Botanical GardenFacebook page: https://www.facebook.com/taipei.collectible.botanical.garden/ (Chinese)Official website: http://www.future.url.tw/hot_244431.html (Chinese) 
A number of eye-catching drinking fountains have been installed atTaipei Stadium as part of Taipei Water Department (TWD)s effort to increase accessibility to free tap water while seeking to enhance city aesthetics by injecting a dose of creativity into the public facilities. The new units of bubblers, appearing in the form of five foundations comprising English letters W-A-T-E-R, are coated manually with hemlock planks to provide a natural look while drawing peoples attention. The installations help boost the aesthetic appeal of Taipei Stadium, which has seen 43 water fountains set up to accommodate the 2017 Taipei Universiade. According to TWD, improvement of drinking fountains by adding different features and styles will help the facilities to blend into the surroundings of various localities. Regarded as a kind of street furniture, drinking fountains are designed not only to beautify the cityscape, but also to cater to the needs of users whether itbeadults, children, or the physically-challenged. The device should also complement the surroundings in a harmonious manner, be it parks, commercial districts, amusement parks, or cultural venues. With this in mind, TWD commissioned a staff member with background in architecture and engineering to design the new bubblers. In addition to fixed ones, the designer has also developed six different types of mobile drinking fountains that can be easily dismantled and assembled. TWD invites the public to take notice of the fountains when quenching their thirst and discover the ingenuity involved in creating these amenities.  
With the excitement surrounding the Universiade, Taipei Youth Development Office (YDO) is joining hands with Chinese Television System (CTS) to offer the public live broadcast of the 2017 Universiade Badminton Championship at the agencys first floor lobby in the evening of August 29.Starting at 5 PM, the large-size monitor set up in the lobby of the building will broadcast the gold medalist events of the World University Badminton Championship, including mixed category, womens single, mens single, womens double, and mens double. The 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei has been a fruitful event for Taiwanese athletes, who have won a total of 17 gold medals, 26 silver medals, and 20 bronze medals as of August 28. This put Taiwan in third place in terms of total number of medals received. Local athletes have performed well in badminton and possess high hopes to win more medals for the island.Broadcast information:Date: Tuesday, August 29Venue: YDO 1st Floor Lobby (Address: No. 17, Sec. 1, Renai Road, Zhongzheng District)Admission: Free5 PM  Tennis Mixed Category Championship6 PM  Badminton Mixed Category Championship7 PM  Badminton Womens Single Championship8 PM  Badminton Mens Single Championship9 PM  Badminton Womens Double Championship10 PM  Badminton Mens Double Championship 
In support of the National Pet Dog Neutering Competition, the Animal Protection Office (APO) noted that residents who have their canine pets neutered between September 1 and October 31 can acquire a set of promotional gifts by registering online (goo.gl/Fpr34S) (Chinese).Registration ends on November 5, 2017. A total of 8,000 sets are available and will be distributed on November 30 by the agency.       According to APO, the remaining budget for the Citys program to subsidize domestic dog and cat sterilization stands at NT$1.7 million. With NT$1,200 for female and NT$600 for male animals, the fund can cover approximately 1,200 female dog neutering operations. Individuals domiciled in Taipei City, who have had their canine or feline companions neutered, registered, and inoculated against rabies, are eligible to apply.  Noting that the gifts are intended as incentives to boost the number of neutered dogs, APO urges pet owners to participate in the activity for the wellbeing of their furkids. To learn more about the program, please call Ms. Huang at 02-87897158, ext. 7133
The annual Dadaocheng Fire Works Show took place on August 26. The event celebrates the upcoming Chinese Valentines Day with a fireworks show and is part of the spotlight event of the 2017 Taipei Riverside Music Festival.Mayor Ko Wen-je appeared on stage with the new Universiade weightlifting medalist and world record breaker Kuo Hsing-chun. Knowing that Kuo enjoys playing the piano, the mayor presented the athlete with a music box in the shape of a piano. The mayor also took this opportunity to give his wife a Valentines Day present, and wished all lovebirds out there a happy Chinese Valentines Day and the Universiade success.The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) invited celebrities from across Asia to perform at the show, including Japanese pop singer Kousuke Atari, Malaysian singer-songwriter Joyce Chu, Taiwanese pop singer Wawa, and Reggae band MATZKA. The long-awaited fireworks show kicked-off with Moonriver as the opening theme. Other songs played throughout the spectacle include classics such as What is Love Like by Liu Wen-zheng, Passionate Roses by Nine One One, An Indigenous Girl is Getting Married, Missing You Everyday, and more. The 2017 Taipei Riverside Music Festival comprised numerous activities and musical events taking place at various riverside parks of the city over the past two months. This year, TPEDOIT also collaborated with its counterpart in Taipeis sister city of Houston to organize a raffle event offering winners a trip to the US city. 
Taipei Childrens Amusement Park (TCAP) has joined hands with Quanta Education and Culture Foundation to organize a painting competition on August 26 to discover the future art talents. The event, open to 500 participants, will take place at the Hopping Square between 10:10 AM and 4:10 PM on August 26. Children interested in the activity should take a photo of any spot in the park and check-in on the Facebook fan page to register. Participants will receive free painting tools and a gift after submitting their works. An online vote will be conducted on the Quanta Education and Culture Foundations Facebook fan page (https://www.facebook.com/quanta.fans/)(Chinese) to determine the top 10 drawings. Kids not taking part in the event can also take a photo in front of the events cardboard photo booth and upload it to the Facebook fan page of TCAP (https://www.facebook.com/tcap1216/) or the Foundation (https://www.facebook.com/quanta.fans/) to obtain a souvenir  with a limited supply of 100 sets.  In addition to the event to inspire talented young artists, TCAP also invites kids to try the new facility  GoGo Car Racing. Located on the 3rd floor, the remote control car racing game allows users to pursue the excitement of racing regardless of age or height. The cost is NT$50. To attract more visitors while reflecting upon public opinions, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) took the opportunity to announce a park policy adjustment. Starting September 1, infants up to 2-year-old or toddlers no taller than 85 centimeters are eligible to take rides for free in the company of parents or guardians! The people accompanying the toddlers still need to pay for the rides. To be eligible for the offer, children should provide birth certificate or have their height measured.  
Heat damages can occur to anybody. Those more susceptible to thermal damages from high temperatures include infants, kids, seniors above 65 years old, people with chronic diseases, those taking medications, outdoor workers, athletes, laborers working in closed environment, and obese individuals. The Department of Health offers the following advice to limit the impact of heat when conducting activities outdoors:1.	Wear hats with wide rims or carry a parasol:Use the hat or parasol to prevent the face, ears, and neck from direct exposure to the sun.2.	Sunglasses:Wear certified sunglasses to protect your eyes. The style of the sunglasses should be one that fully shelters the surrounding area of the eyes and fit your face shape. You should also be aware of the fragility of the lens.3.	Breathy and airy garments:Consider wearing clothing made of cotton material or garments which prevent the skin from direct exposure to ultraviolet light. After exercise, remember to change to dry clothing to ensure continued protection against the elements.4.	Suntan lotion:Remember to put on waterproof sunscreen with grade SPF30 or higher 20 minutes before leaving the house. Reapply the lotion every 2 hours to ensure continued screening effect. When storing the lotion, try to avoid places with excessive heat. Those with sensitive skin should choose products designated for sensitive skin or without fragrance. 5.	Carry a water bottle: Bring your own water supply and drink water periodically. Develop the habit of consuming 2000 cc each day. Drink before you feel thirsty and avoid alcohol or sugary beverages. You can also eat fruits or vegetables which contain high concentration of water.Do not conduct strenuous activities before adapting to the climate, and take plenty of rest if working outdoors under high temperature. Also, appropriate actions need to be taken when recognizing symptoms of thermal damages such as incapability to sweat, headache, nausea, or even confusion, cramp, and feinting. For more details, please refer to the following link: https://www.hpa.gov.tw/Pages/List.aspx?nodeid=440
With Taipei Universiade continuing to gain momentum after opening on August 19, sales of related merchandise have also surged. The Organizing Committee urges the public to pick up souvenirs before stock runs out!According to the Organizing Committee, the daily sales of Universiade-themed products easily exceed NT$3 million. Some of the highly sought-after commodities include Bravo dolls Bravo mini flutes Bravo charms cheer towels colored T-shirts with the pattern of Taipei in Chinese, and a wide range of Bravo sweets and snack sets.   To show its gratitude for the support of residents as well as athletes from around the world, the Organizing Committee announced that the shelves of souvenir stores will be restocked with 3,000 mini Bravo dolls and cheer towels on August 23. Seize the opportunity to grab one while stock lasts!There are over 40 outlets across the island where Universiade merchandise can be acquired, including 6 online platforms and 35 brick-and-mortar stores. These venues include stadiums hosting the finals of individual sports events, Taipei Huashan, MAJI flagship store, Grand Hyatt Hotel, National Palace Museum, Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport, Taichung Cultural and Creative Industries Park, and Kaohsiungs Hongmaogang and Pier-2 stores.To check the availability of Universiade souvenirs, please call the Organizing Committee (02)2570-7017, ext. 2071 or visit the merchandise website http://summeruniver.qdm.com.tw/  
With the approach of the Dadaocheng fireworks event of the 2017 Taipei Riverside Music Festival this Saturday (August 26), the Public Transportation Office has arranged temporary shuttle services to provide event-goers with convenient access to the venue.On the day of the event between 2:30 PM and 10 PM, the temporary shuttle service 136 will transport passengers between MRT Shuanglian Station and Dadaocheng wharf. The cost of the ride is 1 zone standard fare. The bus stop MacKay Memorial Hospital for shuttle 136 is located next to Exit 2 of MRT Shuanglian Station. Passengers can board the bus and travel all the way to either Minsheng West Road Entrance (Dadaocheng Wharf) stop or Nanjing West Road Entrance (Button Street) stop  both next to the event venue.For visitors arriving at MRT Daqiaotou Station, they can take any of the following south-bound buses to Minsheng Chongqing Intersection bus stop (which is located next to the event venue) from the MRT Daqiaotou Station bus stop at Exit 2: 2, 215, 223, 288 shuttle, 302, 304 Chongqing Line, 601, or 757.PTO also announced minor adjustments to bus services with stops in the vicinity of the event. For more information on affected routes, please visit the ebus website (http://ebus.gov.taipei) or call bus information automated helpline (TEL: 0800-00-5284). For questions related with bus routes, please call the 1999 Citizens Hotline or visit the Chinese website of PTO (http://www.pto.taipei.gov.tw/).
To mark this years Chinese Valentines Day (August 28), Taipei Childrens Amusement Park is joining hands with Kuo Yuan Ye Museum of Cake and Pastry to treat 27 lucky couples to a romantic event to commemorate this special day. On the day of the event, the couples will be able to access rides and other facilities of the Park for free. The lovebirds can also make their declarations of love in front of the huge cardboard photo booth against the backdrop of the Ferris Wheel. The event will wrap up with a romantic ride on the Ferris Wheel, where they can enjoy the company of their loved ones while savoring delicious snacks and beautiful night views. For those who missed the opportunity to sign up for the event, they are invited to take a photo at the cardboard photo booth around Ferris Wheel. By uploading it to the Facebook fan page of TCAP (https://www.facebook.com/tcap1216/)(Chinese) with tags of Taipei Childrens Amusement Park and Kuo Yuan Ye Museum of Cake and Pastry, they can receive a souvenir at the information counter.To avoid crowds, individuals are advised to visit TCAP after 4 PM as the facilitys service hours have been extended to 8 PM during summer break. For those who wish to make the most efficient use of their time at the facility, make reservations for specific rides via the TCAP app and arrive at the designated time. Please visit TCAPs Chinese website and scan the QR code to download the app (http://www.tcap.taipei/) 
The 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei has kicked-off following the homerun hit by Baseball celebrity Chen Chin-feng at the opening event on August 19. According to the organizers, ticket sales have exceeded 66-percent as of August 22. In addition to thanking spectators for supporting the games and athletes, the Organizing Committee reminds the public that among events which have yet to take place, more than half of the presale tickets are gone already. As tickets to the tournaments are one-day tickets and all seats are based on first-come-first-served basis, spectators should line up early if they seek better views at the respective events. Tickets are available one hour before the first event of the day, and audience is also admitted an hour prior to the start of competitions. According to the organizers, there are still presale tickets available. They can be purchased at the official ticketing website all the way until noon on the day before the competition, or via convenient store kiosks up through 11:59 PM the day prior to the event.To allow more audience to watch the games, the Organizing Committee will release reserved seats to the public depending on attendance, but will not offer standing-room-only tickets due to safety concerns.For more details on tickets, please visit the 2017 Universiade ticketing website: https://tickets.2017.taipeiSpectators should also be aware of the list of banned items at the venues. To ensure smooth entry, do not carry any of these items in your personal belongings. For more information, please access the following link: https://goo.gl/Hm6W32
The Ximen Branch of New CP Party KTV has been found to violate the Management Act for Indoor Air Quality with indoor carbon dioxide levels reaching 1061 ppm  the maximum level acceptable being 1000 pm, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) announced on August 21.The business was ordered to improve air quality on the Ximen premises within a designated period of time and put up a notice indicating its failure to meet air quality standards or face a fine between NT$50,000 and NT$250,000. According to DEP, Environmental Protection Administration published the second batch of premises that should conform to Management Act for Indoor Air Quality on January 11, 2017. A total of 236 premises on the list are located in Taipei, including cinemas, KTVs, and gyms.  Given that KTVs and cinemas are places frequented by students during the summer vacation, DEP has started to conduct inspections since July targeting 34 venues on the Citys monitoring list to protect consumers health.Inspection results and air quality testing reports carried out over the past years can be found on the Taipei City Indoor Air Quality Management Website at http://www.dep-iaq.taipei.gov.tw/ (Chinese). 
Withthe City seeing consecutive days of high temperatures over 36 degrees Celsius, Department of Health (DOH) is urging the public to take the following precautions to prevent heat exhaustion, especially when engaging in outdoor activities between 10 AM and 2 PM. 1. Avoid overexposure to the sun.a) Seek cool places with good air circulation or air conditioning.b) Avoid direct exposure to direct sunlight.c) Do not stay in a stationary vehicle with windows closed.2. Wear apparel which helps facilitate sweat evaporation.a) Hold an umbrella or wear a hat that covers the face and back of the neck outdoors for sun protection.b) Wear lightweight, light-colored, and loose-fitting clothing.c) Apply sunscreen to prevent from the damage caused by the suns UV radiation.3. Drink plenty of fluids.a) Drink enough of water before feeling thirsty. People who work or exercise outdoors should drink two to four glasses of water (240 cc for one glass) every hour.b) Avoid alcoholic beverages.4. Protect the eyes and face from UV rays.Put on a wide-brimmed hat to protect your face, ears, and neck from direct sunlight. Choose certified sunglasses to protect your eyes. 5. Stay in places with cool breezes.Select an environment with breezes when conducting outdoor exercises to help bring down the body temperature. For related information, please call 1999 Citizen Hotline, extension 1806 or visit the Chinese websites of twelve district health centers or DOH http://health.gov.taipei  
The 2017 Amazing Guandu will kick off on August 25. The event is part of the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO)s initiative to beautify the City and promote the Summer Universiade. Located on a 12-hectare plot of greenery between Beitou Shilin Technology Park and Zhoumei Xianzigang Park, the vast Guandu Sea of Flowers is surrounded by a plethora of natural and cultural resources, including the Datun mountain range to its north, Tianmu district to its east, and Taipei Childrens Amusement Park across Keelung River and Waishangxi River.The Amazing Guandu event, boasting a six-month long floral feast lasting from August 2017 through February 2018, seeks to add a profusion of colors to the international sports event. Five types of flowers will take turns gracing the area, including zinnia, garden cosmos, yellow cosmos, angel flower, and sunflower.Mayor Ko Wen-je, who will be cutting ribbons for the carnivals opening at 4 PM on August 25, invites the public to join him in touring the garden. Taipei Symphony Orchestra will stage a concert spotlighting a repertoire of flower-themed songs from east and west. Other highlights include street dance performances by students from Chinese Culture University and photography sessions involving four models posing against a backdrop of beautiful flowers. The organizers will also hold an online activity one week ahead of the opening of Amazing Guandu to give away 50 sets of PAUL Bakery afternoon tea snacks to 50 participants who leave messages on the activity website. The first 200 visitors who upload their photos taken at the Universiade-themed photo booths at the event will also receive a mini bonsai!  To learn more about the floral festival, visit the Facebook fan page at https://www.facebook.com/2017AmazingGuandu/ (Chinese)
Numerous dignitaries from Taipeis sister cities, friendship cities, and major international cities are visiting Taipei for the 2017 Summer Universiade. As of the opening ceremony weekend, nearly 90 mayors, deputy mayors, city councilors, and representatives from 14 cities across Europe, Asia, and America have arrived in Taipei. According to city government, mayor and deputy mayor-rank dignitaries include Mayor Mario Anibal Ferreiro Sanabria from Paraguays Asuncion, Mayor Ladie N. Jack from Majuro in the Marshall Islands, and Mayor Kwon Young-jin of South Koreas Daegu City, vice governor of South Koreas Jeju Province Jun Sung-tae, Deputy Mayor Konagaya Shigeyuki of Japans Shizuoka City, and International Relations Ambassador Han Gwang-sup of Gyeonggi Province. In addition, commissioners, deputy commissioners, and city councilor-ranking officials also represented their respective municipalities at the opening ceremony, including Honduras Tegucigalpa, Polands Warsaw, Malaysias Penang, Japans Ehime, and Japans Kagawa.In addition to city representatives, former president of Hungary and member of the International Olympic Committee Pal Schmitt also attended the ceremony. Schmitt himself was also a gold medalist in fencing at two former Olympics. A delegation from the US consisting of congressional aides also attended the opening ceremony. To share with these international guests some of Taipeis achievements, guided tours will be provided following the opening ceremony. The guests will have a chance to visit city facilities such as Beitou Incinerator and Songshan Cultural and Creative Park, as well as local tourist attractions such as Taipei 101, Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall, and National Palace Museum. Theme-based tours are also available, including ones spotlighting public housing, friendly childcare, and smart transportation. 
On August 17, the city government staged a 3D light show on the exterior of City Hall to build up momentum for the Summer Universiade.Presented by Singapores leading 3D projection mapping service provider Hexogon Solution, City Hall was ingeniously illuminated with Universiade-themed images incorporating lighting, shadow, and color technologies. The photos of the sports events ambassadors  table tennis player Chiang Hung-chieh and weightlifter Hsu Shu-ching  emerged on the walls, along with light projections of sports events, local landmarks, Universiade opening ceremony, and fireworks.  The event was a warm-up for the daily 3D light showcase between August 20 and 30. The shows will last from 6:30 PM to 10 PM during this period. The exterior of City Hall will light up every five minutes with illuminous spectacles and QR codes. Visitors are invited to scan the QR codes to participate in online games that include weightlifting, Taekwondo, and soccer competitions. Those who share their scores to their own Facebook account after each session and make it to the top ranks in respective categories will be able to win a round-trip ticket to Italy! In addition, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) will join hands with Taipei Financial Center Corporation to project the Taipei Universiade logo and Chinese characters onto the facade of Taipei 101s 59th and 60th floors, as well as the skyscrapers rooftop. Live broadcast of the event will take place at Civic Plaza between 3 PM and 10 PM on August 19. Please visit the Facebook event page to learn more https://goo.gl/W3tx2U (Chinese)Watch City Hall 3D Light Show at: https://goo.gl/GNPJFH 
The opening ceremony of the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei will take place in Taipei in the evening of August 19. With all tickets to the opening ceremony sold, the organizers will provide live broadcast of the event over TV, online networks, and mobile phones to the public. According to Information and Tourism Commissioner Chien Yu-yien, both the opening and closing ceremonies for the Universiade will be broadcast in 4K resolution live. Viewers can watch the event through Chunghwa Telecoms MOD service or through the online platform of Public Television Service.In addition, Chunghwa Telecom has also set up live outdoor broadcast at Taipei Railway Station in Taipei and Zhongzheng Park in Taoyuan to allow the public to experience the power of 4K video technology.The closing ceremony will be broadcast live by both CTS and Videoland Sports. To meet the different demands of the public, the opening ceremony, closing ceremony, and various sports competitions will also be available over the Internet and smart phone apps, such as the Universiade Facebook fanpage, Hami Video, 4gTV, Happy TV, Taiwan-hao app, and more.Regarding the broadcast of individual sports events, CTS and Videoland Sports will air individual matches in track and fields, badminton, baseball, basketball, table tennis, taekwondo, tennis, and volleyball. Other channels including CTV, EBC, FTV, and Eleven Sports will also broadcast selected sports competitions of the Universiade. 
To consolidate the image of Taipei as a City of Gastronomy while echoing Mayor Kos policy to let the world see Taipei, the Office of Commerce (TCOOC) is holding a series of events to promote the capitals dining scene.Between now and August 31, individuals who visit any of the 138 TCOOC-recommended restaurants and cafeterias and upload evidence of their purchase or dining records at the shops to TCOOCs Facebook fan page will be able to enter a raffle to win prizes!In addition, the event Taste the Best of the World in Taipei will take place throughout the month of September. During this period, participants who follow the rules of respective restaurants partnering with TCOOC will have a chance of bringing home 120 prizes with a combined value of NT$180,000! The event aims to promote mobile payment by incorporating payment platforms such as GOMAJI, icash2.0, iPASS, Alley, EasyCard, and OPay. The gourmet marathon will reach a climax between October 25 and 29, when the City will host the 2017 Worldwide Internet Celebrities Summit inviting 12 famous online figures from around the world to visit Taipei and conduct exchanges in culinary culture. The five-day event will see the foreign guests embark on a voyage to explore Taipeis various cuisines. They will also engage in talks with Mayor Ko and local gourmand Hu Tien-lan about what the City has to offer in terms of food. TCOOC hopes that their insights will help market Taipeis gastronomic strengths to the global community.To sign up for the event, visit https://goo.gl/Pth41S 	TCOOC Facebook fan page: www.facebook.com/tcooc/ (Chinese)
With the 2017 Summer Universiade right around the corner, the city government joined hands with Chunghwa Post Corporation to release the special set of 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei Commemorative Stamp Set to celebrate the international sports event taking place in the city.In addition, Chunghwa post also offers a wide variety of Universiade-related merchandise including limited edition commemorative card for the release of the Universiade commemorative stamps, Universiade commemorative shipping boxes, and more!During the press event at the center lobby of city hall, the Universiade Executive Committee and Chunghwa Post announced the release of the stamp set together. The design of the set focuses on popular sports categories in which the athletes Chinese Taipei will be taking part. The limited release includes 8-stamp sets (4 stamps with value of NT$5 and another 4 with value of NT$15) and a single stamp with value of NT$25. A total of 800,000 sets and 700,000 stamps will be released, respectively. For the limited edition shipping boxes, a total of 13,500 long-shaped boxes and 20,000 small-size boxes will be available for purchase, as well as 6,000 Universiade souvenir stamp folders. Furthermore, limited-edition Universiade postmark rubber stamps will be placed at post offices across the island for use by visitors. Chunghwa Post also noted that a temporary post office will be established at the Athletes Village during the Universiade. Temporary counters will also open at Taipei Arena during the days of opening ceremony and closing ceremony to serve the needs of customers, as well as at Taipei Stadium during the games from August 23 through 28.
Due to irregularities in power supply at Taiwan Power Company, numerous areas across Taipei City were hit by power outages on August 15. Taipei City Government established a Level-2 Disaster Response Center, while the mayor warned citizens avoid using elevators until power supplies stabilize. According to Taipei City Disaster Prevention Office, data indicated that areas across Beitou, Daan, Neihu, Songshan, Shilin, and Xinyi districts were affected by the power outage. The Department of Economic Development was in contact with Taipower to check on the latest updates regarding the scope of blackouts and repair efforts.The Fire Department noted that it has received a total of 86 case reports on people trapped in elevators (rescue operation were carried out for 51 cases) and 23 cases of smoke sightings as of 6:30 PM on August 15. The 1999 Citizen Hotline call center received 610 calls reporting cases. The Department of Health noted that it has not received any reports of injuries due to power outages. None of the 16 First Aid Response Hospitals in Taipei City were affected by the blackouts. The Department of Transportation reported large numbers of traffic sign malfunctions related to power outages across Beitou, Datong, Zhongshan, Xinyi, Songshan, Daan, Zhongzheng, and Wanhua districts, including major thoroughfares like Zhongxiao/Keelung, Keelung/Songlong, Zhongxiao/Songshan, Zhongshan/Aiguo, Chongqing/Minzu, and Chengde/Minzu intersections. Traffic police and signal repair crews from city hall were dispatched to maintain traffic flow and repair the traffic signals.Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation reported that MRT operations were not affected, but 255 passengers were on the Maokong Gondola when the outage occurred. The company activated emergency power supplies and all passengers were evacuated at 6:20 PM. Buses were also activated to meet transfer needs at the gondola stations.The Department of Sports explained that operations were suspended at 6 PM for Nangang and Datong Sports Centers due to power outages.
The promotional video for the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei Taipei in Motion has been awarded top honors in the category of Communication Design 2017 of the Red Dot Design Award.After receiving the news, Mayor Ko Wen-je immediately met with the production team at Bito Studio led by creative director Liu Ming-keng. He expressed his gratitude to the team members for creating such an impressive video for Taipei and Taiwan. The mayor presented each member of the production team a stuffed doll of Bravo, the mascot of the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei. He looks forward to seeing more outstanding works from the studio in the future, demonstrating Taiwans creativity to global audience.The Taipei in Motion was created with the use of high spec technology merging real scenes with animation and camera equipment covering perspectives from land, air, and sea. The video was unveiled on May 25, 2017. It has been viewed over 3.4 million times on Facebook, shared over 45,000 times, and attracted over 100,000 likes.Watching the video together with the production team, the mayor praised the staff for their effort in preproduction planning, script design, and postproduction efforts. Throughout the videos production, the team also communicated with members from the Branding Consultation Committee and the Department of Information and Tourism in order to achieve such astounding results.   Link to the promotional video: https://youtu.be/4GsKWGHHigsTaipei in Motion  Behind the Scenes: https://goo.gl/6gpHTj
With less than a week to go until the 2017 Summer Universiade, representatives from the islands major TV networks and production companies gathered at city hall to pledge their support for the sports event by delivering high-quality coverage on August 15.Noting that it requires collective effort to broadcast the largest sports event in Taiwan over the past 400 years, Mayor Ko Wen-je believes that it is a day to remember after seeing so many high-ranking officers from TV channels congregating for a common cause.   According to the mayor, the City will mobilize all available resources to broadcast the games in a scale the island has never seen, including 15 outside broadcasting vans, 5 production control systems, and 5,000 personnel. For example, motion-tracking technologies often used in the Olympics will  for the first time  be employed to cover track and field as well as swimming competitions of the Universiade.An array of hi-tech cameras will also be introduced to capture moments of the games, including 4K high-speed cameras, the flying Robycam that delivers spectacular moving camera shots which costs over NT$10 million per unit, and the submarine tracking camera system MobyCam, among others.   Ko invites the public to watch the opening and closing ceremonies of the Universiade, which will be live streamed in 4K ultra high resolution images to areas across Asia, the Americas, and Europe. The 30-second promotional clip for 2017 Taipei Universiade:https://goo.gl/zZkQyg 
To encourage the public to donate uniform invoices, Taipei City Revenue Service will be holding a campaign offering Universiade basketball game tickets for uniform invoices between August 15 and 21. The exchange is available at the office of Taipei City Revenue Service (address: No. 7-2, Beiping East Road, Taipei City) from 9 AM through noon and 1:30 PM through 4:30 PM between the aforementioned dates. A total of 6 e-invoices (non-paper version uniform invoice, each with shown amount of NT$5 or more) can be exchanged for 1 basket game ticket for the August 24 match at Taipei Arena. Each individual can exchange for a maximum of 4 tickets. There are only a limited number of basketball game tickets available.Taipei City Revenue Service also reminds the public to take heed of the following details for the ticket exchange campaign:1.	Each individual can exchange a maximum of 4 tickets. Please bring an official document showing your national ID number for registering purposes to avoid redundant exchange.2.	The campaign is limited to exchange of e-invoices on electronic storage device ONLY (smart phone barcode, EasyCard, icash, etc.). The individual is responsible for making sure that there are enough e-invoices for the ticket exchange on their device.3.	Individuals donating e-invoices stored via smart phone barcodes should provide their mobile phone number and verification code. Taipei City Revenue Service is not responsible for failed e-invoice donation due to incorrect information.4.	Queue number will be distributed to people lining up at the queue starting 8:30 AM (August 15 through 21). Queue numbers will be distributed to individuals in the line ONLY.5.	Individuals can conduct the exchange at the counter according to their queue number. If he or she does not show up after their queue number has been called: (1) After 3 queue numbers or more: the individual will need to collect a new queue number. (2) Within 3 queue numbers: the individual will have to wait for 2 individuals with later queue number to collect first before he or she is called.All uniform invoices acquired through the campaign will be donated to social welfare groups. For more information, please visit the activity website or call Taipei City Revenue Service (TEL: 02-2394-9211, ext. 163).
During the inauguration ceremony for the Athletes Village in New Taipei Citys Linkou District on August 12, Mayor Ko Wen-je pledged to make foreign athletes participating in the Taipei Universiade feel like home during their stay on the island.  Dignitaries attending the event include International University Sports Federation (FISU) president Oleg Martysin, Taipei Universiade Organizing Committee chief executive officer Su Li-chiung, and Athletes Village director Chiang Han-sun.   During his address, Ko noted that the Athletes Village took six years to complete. He expressed his gratitude to 19 city departments and agencies, as well as central government and New Taipei City, for their collective effort to implement the project. As the facility aims to provide athletes with everything they need during their stay in Taiwan, the organizers have worked hard to ensure compliance with over a thousand listed standards with guidance and help from FISU.Prior to the opening ceremony of the Athletes Village, Ko inspected the residential zone and dining facility following a series of security check procedures. He examined the comfort level of bed mattresses and bathroom environment, taking the opportunity to thank a number of temples donating toiletry. He also tasted salad and bean buns when visiting the Halal and Taiwanese cuisine areas, as well as the outdoor snack area at the dining hall.  Responding to media questions about the preparedness of the Athletes Village, the mayor lauded the facilitys scale and quality of services. He was particularly impressed with the design and coziness of the cafeteria, drawing parallels between the Taipei Universiade and Gwangju Universiade. 
Taking over 6 months in planning, the 2017 Summer Universiade parade kicked off on August 12. The parade consisted of over 400 teams, 30,000 participants, and 1,100 floats.Mayor Ko Wen-je gave his address to the attendees at the main stage in front of Civic Plaza. He reminds the participants that the Universiade is a wonderful opportunity to raise Taiwans international profile and let the world see the friendliness and passion of Taipeis citizens.Led by over 400 vehicles, the participants of the parade set off from the starting line at TAF Innovation Base. Taipei First Girls High School Marching Band and the groups holding the flags of the ROC and the Universiade head the entire parade. The teams following the front parties include the 12 district offices of Taipei, each named after their respective district flowers. The main body of the parade comprises regular citizens  school clubs, housewives and moms, and even community college students.After leaving the starting line at 2 PM in the afternoon, the parade passed by the busy areas of Dunghua South Road and Zhongxiao East Road. Starting at the intersection of Zhongxiao East Road, several performance groups performed impromptu shows at plazas and pedestrian walkways along the parade route to attract spectators.  The parade ended at the Civic Plaza, followed by the main rally where participants and citizens pledged their support for the upcoming games, as well as welcoming athletes and dignitaries from around the world to Taipei. The Department of Civil Affairs would like to express its gratitude to the participants of the parade, including Rotary Club International, Kiwanis, Buddhas Light International Association, Infinite Youth Association, Taiwan Junior Chamber, and groups and organizations across Taipeis 12 administrative districts.
On August 10, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the award ceremony for the Taipei Souvenir Life Fest organized by Taipei Bakery Association.  Noting that pineapple cakes have dominated the scene of Taipeis pastry souvenir market for a long time, the mayor lauded Taipei Bakery Associations effort to promote a new snack -- Taipei Sweetheart  for foreign visitors whod like to bring home some of Taiwans most iconic confectionery specialties.     Ko tried his hands at making the new sweetheart -- cracker-wrapped nougat  before presenting awards to the gold prize winners in traditional souvenir and creative souvenir groups.According to the mayor, souvenirs are representative of local cultures and traits, the best thing to showcase the hospitality of Taiwanese. As a mayor, who has many opportunities to conduct oversea trips or receive foreign dignitaries, he often ponders which souvenirs to best describe the capitals and the islands distinctive character.He reckoned that the City plans to introduce the Double Happiness gift sets in the souvenir market, which will contain the popular pineapple cakes and the Taipei Sweetheart. With the Summer Universiade to open on August 19, he hopes to seize the opportunity and promote the double-happiness pastry set to arriving guests, as a way to enhance the reputation of Taipeis bakery industry.  	
A joint exercise was held at Taipei Main Station to examine the preparedness of participating agencies in the evening of August 10. During his address, Mayor Ko noted that repeated drills will help the area around Taipei Main Station to become safer. He also took the opportunity to express his gratitude to the staff of Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA), Taiwan High Speed Railway (HSR), and Taoyuan Metro for their input.The mayor admitted that given the massive number of travelers accessing Taipei Main Station (roughly between 500,000 to 600,000 daily), the joint disaster prevention center will likely take two years to establish. However, the creation of the center is necessary for the traffic hub connecting trains of TRA, HSR, AMRT, MRT, and numerous bus and coach lines. The temporary joint disaster prevention center is currently located on the fourth floor of the train station. As for the emergency exercise, the mayor noted that information on the drills time and date has been announced, but no information on content has been released prior to the scheduled event. The main objective for the drill is to identify flaws through actual exercise. Responding to media questions on whether he was satisfied with the speed of evacuation, the mayor said it is impossible to achieve full marks for any drills. The purpose of the exercise is to locate flaws through a major operation involving TRA, HSR, AMRT, and MRT, as well as the commercial district and the Fire Department. Through the exercise, flaws can be examined and overcome to enhance overall safety of the traffic hub.
On August 8, the Department of Health (DOH) announced that three Taipei residents have been confirmed to have contracted dengue fever following a trip to the Philippines between July 24 and August 1.The cases, including a 23-year-old male and his parents, have all developed a fever before being tested positive for the mosquito-borne disease. Another member of the group has also exhibited symptoms of the disease. As of August 8, Taipei has received reports of 31 imported dengue fever cases  9 from Malaysia and 3 from each of the following countries: the Philippines, Singapore, Maldives, Vietnam, and India. According to DOH Commissioner Huang Shier-chieg, Southeast Asia is a high risk area for dengue fever. Residents planning to travel to the region are advised to take precautionary measures against mosquito bites by applying certified mosquito repellents and wearing light-colored, long-sleeved clothing. Residents returning from trips abroad who develop symptoms  fever, pain behind the eyes, joint and muscle pain, or skin rash after being bitten by mosquitoes  are advised to seek quick dengue screening service at the nearest community clinic as soon as possible. The screening service is available at the Citys six medical centers, five Taipei City Hospital branches, and 28 community clinics. As Taiwan enters dengue fever season and typhoon season, DOH urges the public to empty containers and vessels with standing water to eradicate breeding grounds for disease-carrying insects. For related questions or to report suspicious cases, please call the DOH disease prevention hotline 02-2375-3782 or 1999 Citizen Hotline. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press conference organized by city hall announcing the Universiade Parade on August 12. The organizers expect a turnout of 30,000 spectators and over 1,000 floats, making it the largest parade to take place in Taipei.According to the mayor, the slogan of the upcoming Universiade is Let Taiwan Reach out to the World and Let the World See Taiwan. As for how to let the world see Taiwan, Ko explained that the best way to do so is to highlight Taiwans friendliness and passion and the best opportunity would be through the parade.During his speech, the mayor mentioned that August 12 is also the opening day of the Universiades Athletes Village. Starting from this date, athletes and staff from all over the world will begin arriving in Taiwan for the event. Therefore, the parade is the best way to bid welcome to these global guests to the city.Responding to media questions after the press conference about how he felt riding the mini Harley Davidson, Ko said that the accelerator was difficult to control and that its safe to ride bicycles. Regarding FISUs decision to change Taiwan into Chinese Taipei in the promotion materials, the mayor noted materials submitted by city hall usually include Taiwan. However, FISU has the right to edit materials and often changes Taiwan to Chinese Taipei. As it is impossible to cover all the materials, there are occasional cases where the phrases Taiwan and Chinese Taipei co-exist in the publication. He added that at places where Taiwan is used as a geographical term, it will look awkward if the editing turns out to be Chinese Taipei is long and narrow. Therefore, for these cases the city government will remind FISU to change it back to the original term. 
Taipei City Office of Commerce (TCOOC) is holding the Greater Guanghua Commercial District Summer Festival at Syntrend plaza and the area surrounding Lane 43 on Bade Road Section 1 over the weekend of August 12 and 13. The festival -- spanning Bade Commercial District, Guanghua Digital Plaza, Syntrend, Huashan 1914 Creative Park, and National Taipei University of Technology -- features the latest consumer electronics, cultural and creative products, beverages, and activities for the entire family. According to TCOOC Director Tsai Tsung-hsiung, in addition to a wide array of digital gadgets and curiosities, the event also spotlights activities such as calligraphy demonstration, laser cut ornaments, and additive-free homemade popcicles from a business based in the coastal range of eastern Taiwan. Pop dance and band performances will also lighten up the joyous atmosphere at the event, while kids will find excitement at the giant inflatable bouncers. Whats more," visitors who take photos with theme installations at the event and upload them to their Facebook page with the tag Greater Guanghua Commercial District Summer Festival (-)"" will be eligible to enter a raffle with prizes spanning CPUs", motherboards, movie tickets, and more!To learn more about the festival, please visit either the Chinese Facebook fan page of Bade Commercial District (https://www.facebook.com/bade8888) or the fan page of TCOOC on Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/tcooc/).  
With temperature hitting 38.5-degree Celsius on August 7, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) says that it will redouble its effort to fight the heat wave by activating the policy of sprinkling roads with water during hot weather on August 8.The strengthened effort will expand from the original six routes to nine routes, thereby increasing the range of spraying water to ameliorate the discomfort of citizens due to the heat and diminish the urban heat island effect.According to DEP, based on Taipei Citys heat wave warning mechanism, city agencies will initiate appropriate responses when weather forecast indicates temperatures reaching 38-degree Celsius the following day or remaining above 37-degree Celsius for three consecutive days. The water used for sprinkling roads are acquired from recycled water at Neihu and Dihua wastewater treatment plants. Roughly 12 vehicles serve patrol routes covering major thoroughfares such as Zhongxiao East/West Road, Roosevelt Road (section 1 through 3), Zhongshan South Road, Bade Road (section 2 through 4), Nanjing East Road (section 1 through 5), and Minquan East Road (section 1 through 4). Hot climate will drive road temperatures to above 50-degree Celsius. By spraying water on the roads, the pavement temperature can be effectively lowered by 10-degree Celsius.The agency also calls upon private construction companies to conduct water spraying operations every 3 to 4 hours daily for roads in the vicinity of construction sites when temperature exceeds 36-degree Celsius. Between June 27 and August 7, water sprinkling operations were carried out at 57 sites across the city.
Would you like to travel from Taoyuan to Taipei and enjoy unlimited rides on the MRT to explore the city? Or perhaps you are thinking of watching a Universiade competition in Taoyuan? Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation is partnering with Taoyuan Metro to introduce the Airport MRT (AMRT) and MRT Joint Ticket at selected stations starting August 10! The special ticket deal includes a roundtrip ride on the AMRT and either a 48-hour or 72-hour access ticket to the MRT. Those who purchase the joint ticket can save as much as 14-percent than buying the tickets separately!The first collaboration between the two metro companies is available for NT$520 (AMRT roundtrip with 48-hour MRT pass) and NT$600 (AMRT roundtrip with 72-hour MRT pass) respectively. The joint tickets can be purchased at the following locations: the arrival lobbies at both Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport Terminal One and Terminal Two AMRT A1 (Taipei Main Station) AMRT A12 (Airport Terminal 1 Station) and AMRT A13 (Airport Terminal 2 Station). The roundtrip ticket for AMRT is valid for 2 trips beginning and ending at any stations along the line. The MRT pass can be used for either 48 hours or 72 hours following the first recorded use of the ticket within operation hours (each pass is valid for a single user). In addition, individuals who purchase the joint ticket before October 31, 2017 will enjoy discount coupons to businesses such as Ice Monster, Kao Chi, and Taipei 101 Observatory and shopping center.For more information on the joint ticket, please visit the Chinese website of either TRTC or Taoyuan Metro, or call the following hotlines:TRTC 24-hour Customer Service Hotline: 02-218-12345Taoyuan Metro Customer Service Hotline: 03-286-87891999 Citizens Hotline: 1999 
Mayor Ko Wen-je paid tribute to the late founder of Eslite Bookstore Robert Wu during the inauguration ceremony for the renovated Zhongshan underground mall on August 7. Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation joined hands with Eslite Bookstore in carrying out the overhaul of Zhongshan underground mall. A successful example of collaboration between the government and the private sector, the project took only 75 days to complete at the cost of NT$45 million. The new underground book street is touted as a new tourist attraction in Zhongshan commercial district  opened just in time for the expected influx of foreign visitors during the upcoming 2017 Universiade. During his address, the mayor expressed his gratitude to Wu for his contributions to Taiwan in redefining the meaning of bookstores. Through his effort, Taiwanese have become aware of a refined culture involving humanities, arts, and creativity. Eslite Bookstore has also become a source of pride for Taipei, Ko acknowledged. Ko told the media that the renovated Zhongshan underground book street is not only a place for purchasing books, but a recreational spot where people can sit down, chat over a cup of coffee, and even reflect upon their life. He noted that he is looking forward to reading the letter from the bookstores late founder, the content of which is presumed to include suggestions regarding the Citys cultural industry development. The mayor also took the opportunity to set forth his vision on transforming Taipei into a city museum fusing the old and the new cultural elements. The strategy involves invigorating the northern sector (e.g. Beitou Park, Beitou Hot Spring Museum, and Yuanshan Tunnel), central sector (e.g. Dadaocheng, Bangka, and Zhongshan Underground Book Street), and southern sector (e.g. Kishu An Forest of Literature, Treasure Hill, and Toad Hill) of Taipei, as well as promoting cultural feasts such as the azalea festival and Nuit Blanche.  
Have you ever had the experience when you find yourself to be completely clueless as to which agency to contact for childbirth subsidies? Is it the Health, the Social Welfare, or the Civil Affairs department? To provide citizens with more efficient civil services, the Department of Information Technology (DOIT) is holding the Civil Affairs ChatBot Competition and inviting programmers to develop an application that automatically offers intelligent answers to users questions generated from the Citys FAQ database.   Utilizing artificial intelligence technology, the ChatBot will engage in online conversation with residents regarding all sorts of city matters. The effort seeks to unlock the potential of new technologies when applied to city governance. User feedback will serve as a source of reference for future development of related applications and systems.       The entry deadline is August 15. Participants are required to put their ChatBots online for public testing and voting between August 21 and September 21. Based on the voting results and professional judges evaluation, the top three applications will emerge as winners  with the top prize of NT$50,000 and NT$30,000 for the second and third prizes each. The winners will be announced in late September. DOIT reminds participants to use the Citys FAQ data or other information on Open Data to be eligible for the competition. The data can be accessed at https://goo.gl/ckLYnE/ (Chinese). For more details about the event, please visit https://goo.gl/1oLZcD/ (Chinese).
To promote both e-sports and the upcoming 2017 Universiade, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening ceremony for the 2017 League of Legends International College Cup (LICC) on August 5.During his speech, the mayor noted that the gaming company Garena has invested much to promote e-sports. From regional tournaments to major international competitions, spectators will notice the presence of athletes from Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Macau. With the spotlight of the international sports scene focusing on the upcoming 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei this month, the 2017 LICC also invited top teams from universities in Taiwan, China, Thailand, and Canada to compete in the gaming front. The event can be described as the Universiade for e-sports.The mayor noted that Taipei City Government not only sees e-sports as a form of sports, buy it also seeks to promote it as an industry. One question he constantly asks the e-sports industry is What can I do for you? He hopes that companies in the field will let him know how the city government can help.At the end of his speech, the mayor welcomed friends and athletes from other parts of the world, but he still wishes that the local team can make sure that the grand trophy remains in Taiwan.When asked by the media which venues can the city government offer for future e-sports events, the mayor suggested that the basketball stadium of Heping Elementary School  which has a capacity for 7,000 spectators  is a possibility. Originally designed to be a multi-function stadium, the facility can be used for e-sports events. 
Public Transportation Office (PTO) announced that two more bus routes  225 and 669 -- will join the ranks of holiday dog-friendly buses. These buses will add new stops at Yingfeng Dog Park and Huashan Dog Area starting August 5. The two bus routes are operated by San Chung Bus Co. and Capital Bus, respectively.To reach Yingfeng Dog Park via Bus 225, riders should alight at Xinyi Borough Stop. Departure times are 10 AM, 2 PM, and 5 PM on holidays. For individuals planning to bring their furkids to Huashan Dog Area, take Bus 669 and get off at Civic Boulevard and Linsen N. Rd Intersection Stop. Departure times are 9 AM, 12 noon, and 3 PM on holidays.  To familiarize drivers of dog-friendly buses with canines behaviors, the Animal Protection Office (APO) has organized several training sessions in July. Participants were educated on knowledge related to dog behaviors as well as techniques on maintaining order with furry passengers aboard.According to statistics, the holiday dog-friendly buses (currently comprising route 0E, 604, and BR6) have provided transportation services for 102 dogs and 28,684 passengers between January 1 and July 30, 2017.
With the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei taking place during latter half of August, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) will be working with its counterparts in neighboring municipalities (New Taipei City, Taoyuan City, Hsinchu City, and Hsinchu County) to ensure a clean environment for the event venues across northern Taiwan.According to the agency, in the interest of maintaining a clean environment for the venues and its surroundings, DEP will mobilize staff members to patrol and clean roads and vacant spaces nearby the sports venues. Also, during flood season, all participating municipalities will strengthen efforts to clean ditches and sewers to minimize the chance for massive buildup of water and flashfloods.DEP pointed out that due to the activeness of insects during summer, to prevent Dengue fever and other diseases transmitted by mosquitoes, the environmental protection agencies of the five municipalities will conduct disinfection works at the surroundings of the sports venues before the start of the games. For the athletes village located in Linkou, two disinfection sessions will be conducted on August 1 and 9, respectively. To ensure the safety of drinking water, the agency has requested the venues to conduct self-management of drinking water fountains and examine the water quality of water dispensers regularly in accordance with the Drinking Water Management Regulation.The five municipalities also ensured that the sports venues have completed the cleaning of septic tanks and will carry out scheduled maintenance of these facilities. In addition to enhancing the processing efficiency, doing so will also reduce the mosquito population and minimize negative impact on public sanitation.  
The renovated Fountain of Hope at Dajia Riverside Park is now open to the public!Boasting a main nozzle that can produce water jets as high as 70 meters (equivalent to the height of a 20-story building), the fountain promises to become a new landmark of the Citys riverbank with its water spectacles  especially in broad daylight. The 10-meter high fanned water curtains created by five jets installed around the devices edge add all the more to the appeal of the facility. According to Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO), the water shows take place on the hour between 10 AM and 5 PM every day, with each session lasting 15 minutes. To time with the Summer Universidad of Taipei, nighttime fountain shows complemented with splendid illumination effects will run from 6 PM through 8 PM until August 31.HEO invites members of the public to visit Dajia Riverside Park and enjoy the fountain spectacles, as well as other recreational facilities including sand pits and childrens water fun area during the summer months. An activity highlighting the Universiade will take place at 4 PM this Saturday (August 5). Constructed in 1997, the Fountain of Hope was a donation to the City by Wu Tsun-Hsien Foundation in a bid to enhance the cityscape. After 20 years of service, the outdated mechanical equipment of the fountain faces problem of increasing maintenance difficulty. The facility has undergone overhaul since February. Fountain Show Times:   Every Hour, 10 AM  5 PM, April to NovemberEvery Hour, 10 AM  8 PM, August 2017Every Two Hours, 10 AM  4 PM, December to MarchDirections to Dajia Riverside Park Sandpit Playground:     Enter from Keelung River No.8 Floodgate (Binjiang Evacuation Gate) or No.9 Floodgate (Dajia Gate), turn left and walk straight.By Bus: Bus 71, 222 (Dajia Riverside Park), Minibus 9 (No.8 Floodgate Stop)By MRT: Yuanshan Station, transfer to No.8 Floodgate Stop by Bus R34 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the MOU signing event with South Koreas Gyeonggi-do regarding exchange and training programs for public servants of both municipalities on August 2.The document was signed by Commissioner of Civil Servant Development Paul Chu and his counterpart from the human resources development Institute in Gyeonggi-do. The two sides presented each other with gifts including a Yong bell made from glass and Korean red ginseng. During his address, the mayor noted that talents are the most important asset for nations and government. Outstanding talents help to enhance the competitiveness of the nation. He recalled from his visit to Seoul and Gwangju two years ago that South Korea has invested much effort in the incubation of talents. Even civil servants from other nations attend courses organized by personnel training centers of municipal governments.  Citing a previous meeting with the head of the Department of East Asian Languages and Culture at Columbia University, Ko pointed out that the scholar mentioned the emphasis placed by South Koreas public sector and companies on training talents, sending many of them for studies at Columbia. In addition to sending people abroad, the nation also tries to attract top talents from around the world. It is something that Taipei City Government can look into.Ko noted that a group of civil servants from city hall will attend the training program at Gyeonggi-do this year, and he also looks forward to welcoming public servants from South Korea to Taipei in 2018.  
With the Summer Universiade less than three weeks away, Mayor Ko Wen-je is calling upon the private sector and members of the public to help make the city a clean and tidy place during a press conference on August 1.Citing the slogan of the sports event Let the World See Taiwan, the mayor remarked that the City has invested NT$1.5 billion into a campaign to spruce up Taipei. The program involves 35 projects under five highlights to improve the cityscape around Universiade venues: transportation aesthetics garden city enhanced riverbanks LOHAS mountains and forests, and considerate services. Starting June 2016, the City has embarked upon the task of revamping roads in areas where Universiade stadiums are located. The initiative is part of the overall effort to bring a brand new image of Taipei to the eyes of 12,000 foreign athletes and other participants expected to visit the capital for the sports event. To beautify Taipei, Ko reckoned that the city government has also resorted to horticultural means by planting 100,000 azaleas among other flowers and landscaping installations that evoke images of the event. The polished North Gate, to be unveiled on August 3, is another endeavor to strengthen the image of a city gateway  as the Arc de Triomphe de l'toile is to Paris. The mayor added that at least 300,000 more azaleas will be planted across the city, while measures to enhance the citys appearence will be extended beyond the Universiade stadiums step by step. 
The designated bus lane along Xinyi Road became the testing site for the EZ10 between 1 AM and 4 AM on August 1. The minibus EZ10 utilizes autonomous vehicle technology.Information Technology Commissioner Lee Wei-bin remarked that the first day of the test run proceeded smoothly. Future evaluation of the project will be based on the performances over the next 5 days.The current phase of the on-road experiment to test the new technology will take place from 1 AM through 4 PM between August 1 and 5. The field is limited to the designated bus lane between Xinyi/Dunhua intersection and Xinyi/Fuxing intersection. The average speed of the bus is about 10 km/h during the first day of the test run. According to the Department of Information Technology, the first three days of the five-day experiment will focus on collecting related geographic information and route planning data and conducting comprehensive tests on designated bus lane deployment and related technologies.The EZ10 is equipped with six LiDAR. During the test runs, the speed will be limited to 20 km/h or less, and the vehicle will stop when it encounters obstacles.For scenes from the first day of experiment, please access the following link: https://goo.gl/GRN8mA
Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) announced that a pamphlet introducing the ten scenic spots around Yuanshan area is now available! Featuring ten selected venues, the 10 Attractions of Yuanshan pamphlet has been published to time with the upcoming Summer Universiade of Taipei. GEO hopes the anticipated influx of foreign visitors during the international sports event will visit Yuanshan  which boasts tourist attractions offering natural beauty and recreational enjoyment. Yuanshan Scenic Area, which spans Shilin and Zhongshan districts, is home to a plethora of wildlife. Some of the most commonly seen animals dwelling in the area include blue magpies, grey treepies, barbets, and squirrels. The ten attractions comprise various geological features ranging from hiking trails to squares to tunnels. Other well-visited spots include lookouts for observing airline takeoffs and landings, Taipeis night views, and sunset over Mt. Guanyin.Starting August 1, individuals can obtain a free Yuanshan Scenic Area pamphlet at any of the following four MRT stations  Jiantan, Shilin, Shipai, and Beitou. Each station has a stock of 500 pamphlets. The bilingual brochure is also available at the GEOs website: http://www-ws.gov.taipei/001/Upload/public/MMO/Earth/1001220/__.jpg Directions for Yuanshan Scenic AreaBy car: Enter the Grand Hotel from Zhongshan N. Rd. and head towards the back of the Hotel where there is a free car park for hikers.By MRT:*From MRT Jiantan Station: Head in the direction of the Chientan Youth Activity Center, cross the pedestrian underpass, and enter from the hiking entrance on Zhongshan N. Rd.By Bus:*Take Bus No. 40, 203, 218, 220, 260, 267, 277, 279, 285, 310, 606, 612, 665, 685, 902, R3, or Zhongshan Main Line 266, and alight at MRT Jiantan Station then enter from the hiking entrance on Zhongshan N. Rd.*Take Bus No. 21, 42, 208, 247, 267, 287, 646, 677, 902, or R2, and alight at Radio Taiwan International, and then enter from the hiking entrance at No. 77, Beian Rd. 
In light of the profound damages to Heping Thermal Power Plant during Typhoon Nesat and its impact on power supply to northern Taiwan, the city government calls upon companies and businesses to adopt emergency power-saving measures for the next two weeks. Taipower Corporation pointed out that Heping Thermal Power Plant accounts for producing roughly 3.6-percent of the islands electricity supply and 8.5-percent of the power supply in northern Taiwan. According to the company, due to the remote location of the damaged facility, repair work will be time consuming and may last for at least 15 days. To reduce electricity consumption during this period, the Department of Economic Development calls upon private sector companies to work with Taipower by adopting energy-saving measures between 1 PM and 3 PM in the coming two weeks. Some measures include: Suggested Energy Conservation Measures (Implemented Daily between 1-3 PM during Summer Season)    Device  Policy   Details       Air-con   Controlling the Operation and Cooling Load of the central AC System   During peak-load period, lower the power consumption by programming compressor downtime, which will not affect indoor comfort level over short periods of time.     Raise the thermostat setting of the chiller to 8-9.     Controlling Window AC Operations   Keep the fan on but control the on-and-off of the compressor to ensure continued indoor ventilation. This will not affect the comfort level in the short run.     Control the Setting of Indoor Thermostat   The thermostat for commercial places should be set at 28 or higher.     Setting the time of air change for the AC   Adjust the time for air change and avoid setting it to high temperature period during daytime to avoid adding to the load of the AC.     Minimize Leaks   Set up barriers to block leak of cool air (such as air curtain or automatic door), thereby reducing the load for the AC.     Put up Window Insulation Film   Window insulation film helps to reduce exposure to sunlight and lessen the load for indoor AC.     Lighting   Turn off unnecessary lighting   Decorative lighting such as signs and landscape lighting should be turned off during daytime.     Strengthen control of lighting for specific zones   Occupancy sensors or independent switches should be installed for areas with sufficient illumination (areas next to windows or central courtyards) and places with occasional activities (such as computer rooms, pantry rooms, parking lots, or restrooms) to save energy     Mobility   Turn off Landscape Devices   Suspend the use of landscape devices (such as fountain pumps) to cut power consumption.     Suspend or Limit Power Used by Water Pumps   Minimize the operation time of waste water processing facilities and water pump equipment.     Monitor the Use of Exhaust Fans   Venues with multiple exhaust fans installed (such as parking lots or restrooms) should monitor the use of these devices and avoid activating the devices simultaneously during peak load hours.     Monitor the Use of Escalators and Elevators   Commercial areas with multiple elevators or escalators should monitor the use of facilities and avoid activating the devices simultaneously during peak-load hours.     Others   Adjust SOPs   *Try rescheduling inventory replenishment to off-peak hours. 			*Avoid using electric boilers during peak-load hours. 			*Multi-story car parks should keep vehicles parking as concentrated as possible to maximize energy-saving.     
Do you have a unique perspective and keen observations about your neighborhood? The Community Empowerment Network of Taipei has launched an initiative encouraging members of the public to submit proposals which contribute to improving of public affairs and resolving challenges to the community.Proposals are accepted between now and August 15. A judge panel will decide which proposals to be implemented based on criteria such as the level of community momentum and participation, resource management, creativity, sustainability, and the ability to make an impact. Up to eight proposals will be selected, each to receive a maximum of NT$150,000 in subsidies.   The content of the proposal can include plans on enhancing community empowerment, establishing a vision for a neighborhood, addressing public issues, or holding campaigns. The organizers also suggest that interested individuals focus on broader causes to echo government policies such as participatory budgeting public housing community empowerment for new immigrants, and others. Those who need assistance in putting their thoughts and ideas into words are welcome to seek advice from the Community Empowerment Network of Taipeis consultation services. For details on the program, please visit the Chinese official website of the facility at http://www.community-taipei.tw or Facebook fan page titled . Inquires can also be directed to TEL: 02-25575679 or 02-27815696, extension 3186.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press conference for the 2017 population policy promotion clip on July 31.During his speech, the mayor noted that according to research, nearly 70-percent of single sons and daughters hope they have siblings. Therefore, the government is willing to offer young parents even more support. However, he realizes that offering simply childbirth subsidy is actually not much help. The big problem lies with the cost for raising and educating kids. In the future, the city will focus its effort on babysitting for 0-to-2-year-olds and childcare services for kids between 3 to 6 years old. Ko remarked that both Microsoft founder Bill Gates and Facebook Founder Mark Zuckerberg are the second-born child of their families. If their parents only had one kid, history would look rather different. Referring to his own children, Ko said he has two daughters and one son. He noticed that having siblings around makes their life more exciting, compared to being the only child in the family. Therefore, he encourages parents to have more kids if possible.Regarding a question on whether the Department of Civil Affairs have plans to raise the subsidy for childcare for families with two children from NT$3,000 to NT$6,000, Ko replied that the agency is looking into the possibility of raising monthly subsides for such families. He believes that more money will definitely help young parents. As for whether the city is considering expanding the number of public kindergartens, the mayor replied that such policy will require longer planning periods, so the City is considering the possibility of subsidizing kids attending private kindergartens starting next year.  
Taipei will see its first minibus  the EZ10  traveling along exclusive bus lane on Xinyi Road! The vehicles will operate from 1 AM to 4 AM between August 1 and 5, as part of the Citys pilot program to test autonomous vehicle technology for its smart city initiative, Mayor Ko Wen-je announced at a press event on July 27. According to Ko, the self-driving car experiment is already being conducted by National Taiwan University. He jokingly suggested that the public should not be frightened at the sight of a driverless bus in the middle of night when the minibus hits the road of Taipei.The EZ10 is outfitted with six LIDAR sensors, allowing the vehicle to detect distance using its laser system, thereby avoiding impact. The first three days of the test-run will focus on collecting mapping and route-planning data needed to establish an autopilot system and testing bus lane system compatibility, while the remaining two days will target data regarding user experience and social acceptance. Information Technology Commissioner Lee Wei-bin pointed out that addition to the collaboration between Smart City PMO and industry players, the implementation of the pilot program also involves effort by Land Administration Department (providing accurate GPS information), Transportation Department (arranging the test fields), and TCPD Traffic Division (carrying out traffic control).Asked by the media whether the autonomous vehicle service will be launched officially during his tenure, the mayor reckoned that the bus will not be put into operation until the issues of infrastructure and amendment of traffic regulations have been addressed.  
With Typhoon No. 9 Nesat approaching Taiwan, the Central Weather Bureau issued sea warnings for the cyclone at 8:30 AM on July 28. Winds will likely strengthen between today and early morning on July 29, with strong impact expected in the afternoon on Saturday.The Fire Department will continue to track the development of the typhoon, and citizens are encouraged to carry out necessary preparations and precautionary measures ahead of time. For the latest updates on weather, flood warnings, and evacuation notices, please visit the disaster prevention info website of Taipei City Government (Chinese): (http://www.eoc.gov.taipei). Information is also available by the smartphone application Taipei City Government Mobile Disaster Prevention () APP.Updates related to closing/opening of flood gates, work/class cancellation, and red/yellow line parking are also broadcast via messaging software Line by adding Taipei City Governments Line account. For those who park their cars at riverside parking lots, the notice boards at the respective facilities also include a QR code which can be used to check news related to the specific parking lot. Other preventive measures to take suggested by the Fire Department are as follows:-	Dial 1999, 119, or 110 for emergency assistance during typhoon.-	For blocked sewers or downed road trees, call 1999 Citizen Hotline.-	Residents living in low-lying regions, slope lands, or riverside areas should be prepared to evacuate upon emergency.-	Households should keep radio, flashlight, first aid kit, drinking water, food, and living necessities handy. -	Double-check electric circuits and exercise caution when using stove, gas, and cooking fire to avoid accidents.-	All doors and windows should be examined and repaired when necessary. All potted plants should relocate indoors. Limbs of trees, outdoor plants, and other structures should be secured to avoid being blown away by winds.-	Ads, billboards, Signs, and construction site fences should be examined and either removed or tightened securely. -	Work closely with city staff upon receiving evacuation orders from city hall.-	Avoid leaving the house during typhoon period and using candle fire.-	To minimize the chance of flooding, pumps should be installed for buildings with basements and flood barriers added or sand bags placed at the entrance.-	Do not touch loose power lines: call 119, 110, or 1999 for assistance.-	Individuals should prepare emergency evacuation packs which contain drinking water, emergency rations, photocopy of ID documents, cash, medication, work gloves, flashlight, radio, battery, clothing, blanket, raincoat, hand warmer, tissue paper, towel, pencil and paper, spare keys, and multi-tools.
A group of representatives from Bollywood and cinema industry in South India are visiting Taipei for exchanges in tourism and film industry. The trip is a result of efforts by Mayor Ko Wen-je, who visited India in April seeking to boost bilateral ties in film and TV industry by offering incentives in the form of subsidies. Members of the Bollywood delegation include award-winning directors, film producers, actors and actresses. The city government will provide resources, administrative assistance, and incentives for Indian filmmakers working on new projects. An MOU will be signed to serve as a guideline for the two sides when engaging in future cinematic collaboration.    The foreign visitors embarked on an exploration of the city via the Fun Taipei itinerary, organized by the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT). The citys charisma is embodied by Yangmingshans sceneries, Ximendings fashion vibes, double-decker city tour, diverse cuisines, mango shaved ice, herbal tea, and other specialties  much to the liking of the Indian guests. According to Sridharan Madhusudhanan, Director General of India-Taipei Association, an Indian movie can attract anywhere between 1 and 4 billion viewers on average, making the South Asian country a potential market for investment. In light of this, TPEDOIT joined Department of Cultural Affairs and Taipei Film Commission in holding a party to boost interaction between filmmakers from Taiwan and India at Zhongshan Hall. Hopefully, the networking effort will see more Indian movies being filmed in Taipei, thereby increasing Taipeis international profile in a country not only known for Bollywood cinema, but also for film industries using different languages, such as Tollywood and Kollywood.
To celebrate the completion of the North Gate Plaza, the Public Works Department will be holding the inauguration ceremony on Saturday, July 29. In addition, the agency has also arranged 3 guided tour sessions of the neighborhood. The participants of the tour will have a chance to learn about the stories of people and events related to the founding of Taipei City. Each session can accept up to 30 participants. The three tour guide sessions are slated for the following time: 2 PM, 3 PM, and 4 PM. Each session will take roughly 1 hour.  PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan remarked that the city government is very proactive in the implementation of the West District Gateway Project. Following the dismantling of the Zhongxiao Bridge Ramp, the entire area around North Gate has been redesigned to emphasize the connectivity to surrounding historical sites, from the Machinery Bureau of Qing Dynasty to the Ministry of Railways under Japanese Colonial Rule to Taipei Post Office located right across the street from North Gate.Registration for the tour will take place online starting 9:30 AM on July 27. For more information, please visit the official Chinese website of Parks and Street Lights Office: (http://pkl.gov.taipei/).Session 1  North Gate Guided Tour and 3D Model Printing Sessionhttps://goo.gl/forms/XZy6bc87xHWVVuO02Session 2  North Gate Guided Tour and 3D Model Printing Sessionhttps://goo.gl/forms/mCKHJXl1o2N5H11q2Session 3  North Gate Guided Tour and 3D Model Printing Sessionhttps://goo.gl/forms/zTNCmn39MSoAuFPo2
The 21st World Congress on Information Technology (WCIT) will be held in Taipei from September 10 through 13. The press conference announcing the major IT occasion took place on July 25 with Deputy Mayor Charles Lin presiding over the event.According to the deputy mayor, the city is working on improving its network infrastructure leading up to the major international event. He also remarked that the theme of the exhibition will be Asian Innovation in Taipei. In addition to showcasing some of the services offered by smart city policies, he also looked forward to the exhibition as an opportunity for networking among local and international industry players, as well as demonstrating the citys potentials in ICT.The WCIT event  regarded as the Olympics of the IT world  will take place at Taipei International Conference Center between September 10 and 13. As the host city, the city government will sponsor the 2017 WCIT event and showcase various smart Taiwan achievements at the affiliated exhibition. The showcase will include 30 booths on topics spanning Smart Public Housing to Smart Transportation to Smart Healthcare. To show support for the vision of DIGI+, the press conference invited dignitaries including Minister without Porfolio Wu Tsung-tsong, Minster of Economic Affairs Lee Chih-kung, Chairman Yvonne Chiu of both WITSA and CISA, Director Yang Chih-ching of Industrial Development Bureau, and over 70 representatives from industries, academia, and government.After 17 years, Taiwan has once again secured the hosting rights to this years WCIT. There will be 16 tracks of conferences and activities, as well as a future technology showcase at Taipei World Trade Center Hall 1 comprising over 680 stalls and B2B international matchmaking events.  
On July 25, Deputy Mayor Charles Lin arrived at North Gate to inspect ongoing constructions aiming at transforming the surrounding area into a pedestrian plaza. He hoped that the project can be finished according to schedule, giving back to citizens a brand-new historical landmark.Following the removal of surrounding overpasses earlier this year, the North Gate regained its status as one of the major monuments of Taipei City. The Public Works Department carried out the project involving the overhaul of surrounding landscape. The project is slated for completion on July 29.According to Lin, the center of the plaza is located at the North Gate. The plaza is surrounded by numerous historical structures such as Ministry of Railways, Taipei Post Office, OSK Taipei Office, and Mitsui Warehouse that date back to the Japanese Colonial Era. The Qing Dynasty monuments include Futai Street Mansion and Machinery Bureau. Director Huang Li-yuan of Parks and Street Lights Office pointed out that unlike regular urban landscape, the North Gate Plaza boasts installations to both the east and west sides of the building which highlight the relationship between the city gate and the city walls long gone.Chief Hong from the agencys Public Work Division noted that the total amount of green space taken up by the plaza spans 6865 square meters. The most challenging aspect of constructions is to lower the elevation of the area surrounding the gate through manual labor to the height during Qing dynasty. Information on the North Gate and surrounding area is also inscribed onto a facility at the plaza. The North Gate Plaza Landscape Project is part of the West District Gateway Project aimed at recreating some of Taipeis forgotten landscape from the past. Upon completion, the North Gate will be illuminated by nighttime illumination to highlight its role as the citys landmark in the old district. 
Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji presided over a press conference on the Citys contingency planning and disaster preparedness targeting the Taipei Railway Station Special Zone on July 24.  The deputy mayor identified four issues based on the Citys review of security workings of the transportation hub. An outdoor command post will be established to integrate information from the four monitoring centers and malls located in the area and coordinate action in the event of emergencies.    According to Teng, Taipei Railway Station Special Zone spans an area of over 48,000 square meters and comprises four transportation networks and four malls. The complex accommodates roughly a visitor flow of 500,000 per day. The layout and composition of the space makes the zone exposed to four types of hazards. First, should a fire or any incident break out, evacuation operations can pose a challenge to the eight venues due to the lack of coordinated response among different management agencies. Second, information and reports from different agencies can be confusing during the initial stage of a disaster. Third, an integrated response mechanism covering united disaster relief system, mobilization of manpower, and disaster control has yet to be implemented. Finally, how to avoid chaos at the command center amidst pressure also requires sound preparedness.Hsih Fuh-yuan, attending physician of NTUH Department of Emergency Medicine, was invited to examine the security checkup. He reckoned that lateral communication should be improved, while a common reporting and communications system should be set up among the different agencies to facilitate response. The City needs to strengthen its capabilities in coping with all kinds of incidents, be it arson, sabotage of electric equipment, or even terrorism. Public awareness on security issues should be increased and safety should always come before convenience, he stressed.The deputy mayor concluded that the City will enforce public security checks and conduct disaster prevention drills before a unified disaster response center is established to ensure safety of the expected influx of visitors during the upcoming Summer Universiade.
Cyclists should avoid parking their bicycles in designated parking space for motorcycles! Taipei City announced that a new regulation banning bicycles from parking in spaces reserved for motorcycles will take effect starting August 1. To ensure that motorcyclists have access to parking facilities, the city has set up a number of roadside parking slots for motorcycles in the following commercial areas: Xinyi Commercial District, Nanyang Special Zone, Neihu Technology Park, Taipei Railway Station, Shilin Night Market, Ximen Commercial District, Guanghua Commercial District, and Taipei Zoo. The city government also created approximately 10,000 parking spaces to allow cyclists to park their bicycles at the aforementioned districts. However, the city government has received complaints from residents about bicycles taking up the parking space for motorcycles, thereby creating parking difficulties for motorcycle riders.To help resolve this issue, the city announced that starting August 1, 2017, bicycles will be prohibited from parking on paid roadside parking space designated for motorcycles. Violators will be towed away in accordance with the Taipei City Self-governance Regulations on Vehicles Obstructing Road Traffic.
Mayor Ko Wen-je cheered for contestants of the Youth Division Preliminaries of the 2017 Metro Street Dance Competition on July 22. The event took place at Sunlight Lobby of MRT Daan Station. Now in its 13th year, the annual MRT dance competition saw a record-breaking 411 teams vying for the top honor this year. In addition to the youth and adult groups, the event categories also features a new contest -- MV Dance Imitation Contest  which attracted participants from Taiwans new immigrant community, as well as Malaysia, Japan, and other countries, Ko pointed out. Showing his support for street dance, the mayor noted that he has instructed Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) to prioritize street dance among its sponsorship programs. The effort has propelled the competition to grow from a citywide event to a national tournament, attracting groups from across the island to sign up this year. He remarked that a more ambitious goal has been set for TRTC to bring the contest to the international stage.Ko recalled that he received complaints from high school students about the lack of venue for dancing activities. MRT stations, which provide air conditioning, can be an answer to the problem. He promised that a contact will be established by the city government which will serve as a channel between TRTC and the public to address issues regarding venue rental, sponsorships, and other topics related to street dance.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening press conference for the 2017 Taipei Night Market Festival at Ningxia Night Market in the evening of July 21.The fame of Taipeis night market food is known to foreign visitors, attracting tourists from around the world to come and visit. This year, the seventh Taipei Nigh Market Festival will span eight major city night markets, including Ningxia Street Night Market, Shuangcheng Street Night Market, Yansan Night Market, Liaoning Street Night Market, Huaxi Street Night Market, Wuzhou Street Night Market, Linjiang Street Night Market, and Guangzhou Street Night Market. At the start of the press conference, the events mascot Yes Bear appeared on the catwalk, followed by the heads of the participating night markets self-governing associations to showcase some of the well-known hawker entrees. Finally, the mayor appeared with the 2017 Summer Universiade mascot Bravo to announce the start of the festival. During his address, Ko noted that according to stats from the Department of Information and Tourism, Taipeis night market food is ranked among the top 3 items which leaves visitors with an impression. However, he believes that in the age of Internet, Taipeis delicious cuisines can be marketed online. He recalled taking part in the online voting event for determining the top ten night market foods on his way to the press conference.In addition to the great taste, the mayor believes that it is also important to ensure that top standards for factors such as food safety and hygiene are adopted. This is why the government subsidizes Ningxia, Shilin, and Zhonglun night markets in the replacement of disposable and melamine dining utensils. He remarked that the city government has set aside budget this year to help public markets and vendors to switch from these utensils to more environmentally-friendly options.  
The well-received annual Taipei Discovery Center Young Volunteer Camp is now here again! Elementary school students from fourth through sixth grades are welcome to sign up for the camp free of charge. Registration period is between 10 AM on July 24 and 5 PM on July 28. There will be five sessions starting on August 10, each with 35 openings. Participants who have completed all required tasks during the three-day event will receive a certificate on the result presentation on the last day. Organized by the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT), the summer camp has earned widespread acclaim over the years. In addition to educating participants on knowledge regarding Taipei and providing courses on guide training, this year the camp will also highlight Southeast Asian culture and feature a trip to Taipei Railway Workshop.According to TPEDOIT, the summer camp consists of three parts: professional courses, outdoor trips, and result presentation. The professional classes involve themes spanning Taipeis urban development, tour guide skills, Southeast Asian culture, and robotic technology. Outdoor trips comprise visits to Taipei Railway Workshop and National Taiwan Museum. The participants will showcase what they have learned during the presentation on August 22.To encourage participation of children from new immigrant families, the first session will be reserved for this specific group the other four sessions will be available for online registration. Registration website: https://goo.gl/rQWV8S (Chinese). Please visit the Chinese website of Discovery Center of Taipei (http://discovery.gov.taipei/) or call Ms. Chiu (02-2758-8218) for more information.  
A new milestone has been achieved for the Citys free public WIFI network! Starting late July, the public wireless network service will begin operations along the Red Line (Tamsui) and the Blue Line (Bannan). Service for the rest of the network is expected to go live by the end of this year.This is the first time for the service to be offered onboard the trains, and all current Taipei Free hotspots at MRT stations will be replaced by the new .TPE-Free AD WiFi network and iTaiwan. .TPE-Free AD WiFi is provided and maintained by private company Free Ad WIFI. No verification is needed, and users can connect for up to 30 minutes per session. There is no limit to the number of sessions for individual users. iTaiwan is the collaboration with the National Development Council. Users will have to log in with account and password, and the service requires verification. According to the Department of Information Technology, the trial period for the WIFI network coverage of MRT trains conducted last year proved successful. The official introduction of the service at this time also marks the first step of transition for Taipei Free. Through public-private partnership, the city government seeks to achieve the objectives including quality Internet connection, reduction of public budget investment, and realize complete WIFI coverage of the MRT network. For details, please refer to information broadcast via MRT station platform TVs and the Chinese website of Taipei Free. You can also call the toll-free customer service hotline of .TPE-Free AD WIFI (TEL:0809-090-588) or Taipei Free (TEL:0809-09-19-19). 
The results of the Citys first i-Voting event on participatory budgeting have been announced!The online voting campaign, running between June 30 and July 13, attracted a total of 57,486 votes and generated 71 proposals that secured enough votes for implementation, the Department of Civil Affairs (DCA) noted. According to the agency, the top three districts that saw the highest voter turnout are Wenshan (8,355), Daan (6,186), and Neihu (5,879). The proposal receiving the most support is Optimization of Wenshan Districts Jingmei Sports Park -- which garnered 7,262 votes.Through the active participation of the public, each of the twelve districts collected over 2,000 votes. DCA will pick the winners for each district who will bring home vouchers worth NT$10,000 as promised and determine who receives a brand-new iPhone 7 in a lottery. Results will be published on the Chinese websites of participatory budgeting platform (http://pb.taipei/) and the 12 administrative districts. DCA expressed its gratitude to district offices, household registration offices, and other agencies for their effort to pull off the event. The agency also thanked participating residents for helping Taipei set the milestone in boosting civil awareness.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the completion and reopening ceremony of Taipei Circle on July 20.Following the success of the West District Gateway Project, the city government has embarked on the implementation of the Datong Regeneration Project. As a part of this project, the food court building at Taipei Circle  also known as the Jiancheng Circle  has been dismantled earlier in the year. In its place, the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) constructed a park offering green space to the public and incorporated monuments from earlier days with new art installations.The Traffic Circle played an important role in the development of the citys old district. Located at the intersection of Chongqing North Road, Nanjing West Road, Ningxia Road, and Tianshui Road, the well-known food court has seen a series of rise and decline in fortune since its establishment in 1908.According to Public Works Commissioner Pong Cheng-sheng, the newly completed Taipei Circle Park includes relics and installations to identify past stages of the site  1908 Enkoen Period, 1943 WWII Period, 1950 Yuanhuan Golden Years, and 2003 Jiancheng Circle Dining Hall. The items used for identifying the different periods include floor slabs, historical walls, stone benches, and large glass directories.PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan noted that through the transformation of Taipei Circle into an urban oasis, the agency preserved the remains of the wartime reservoir and added a plaza complete with a fountain and greens, as well as four sets of public art installations donated by foundations. 
On July 18, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) announced the launch of a weather broadcast website dedicated to the upcoming Summer Universiade in Taipei: http://taipei2017.weatherrisk.com/ (Chinese).In addition to providing real-time monitoring data and 2 day weather forecast covering venues and stadiums of the games, a bilingual video report on air quality will also be available starting August 1 (Chinese version from August 1 through 30 and English version from August 12 through 30). The information will serve as a reference for athletes, referees, and spectators.  According to DEP, current air quality data released by Environmental Protection Administration is based on regional analyses. For example, northern Taiwan spans an area comprising Taipei, Keelung, New Taipei, and Taoyuan. In light of this, DEP announced that more precise air quality data acquired through refined analyses from Taipeis various districts and over different time periods will become available to the public next year.     As part of the effort to maintain good air quality across Universiade related venues, DEP has joined hands with other municipal environmental agencies to enforce pollution control regulations. Measures include coal burning boiler maintenance and suspension targeting particular industry players, as well as tightened control over fugitive dust and moving pollution resources within a 2 km radius of related sports venues.The overall effort is expected to reduce the emission of PM2.5 particulates by 1.46 tons, PM10 by 40.39 tons, CO by 109.76 tons, sulfur dioxide by 74.2 tons, and nitrogen oxide by 194.35 tons.   
Leading a delegation comprising city officials, Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived at Guandu Temple at 5 AM in the morning of July 19 to offer his prayers and wish for the success of the upcoming Summer Universiade in Taipei.During his interview with the media, Ko stressed that the Universiade is not only Taipeis Universiade, but also Taiwans Universiade. That is why he is visiting the temple today to pray for the success of the game. When asked by reporters what he is concerned about that might take place during the Universiade period, Ko remarked that there are too many things to worry about in the world, and that is why he is seeking out religion to entrust his hope that everything will progress smoothly.Regarding the progress of Yuanshan Tunnels Exhibition Hall, the mayor remarked that the Department of Information and Tourism has combined the project with the master plan of overhauling the former Taipei Childrens Recreation Center. The renewed facility is slated for reopening in mid-2018.As for whether the price of the proposed public transportation monthly pass can be adjusted from NT$2,500 to NT$1,680 per month, the mayor noted that this will require further calculations and the policy will impact the entire public transportation systems of the Greater Taipei area. It will require negotiations with New Taipei City as well.
Mayor Ko Wen-je shared his views on the promotion of pop music with a number of music artists during a symposium of the 2017 Taipei Out-of-Town Cultural Festival at Huashan Station on July 15. The celebrities include band performers Sodagreens leader A-Fu, Chang and Lee, and singer Wing Lo.Stressing the need for the city government to shift its role from management to service provider, Ko pointed out that it is crucial that the public sector takes into consideration the demands from the industry for any pop music-related policy to be successfully implemented  especially when his knowledge base about the islands pop music does not extend beyond pop stars Fong Fei-fei and Teresa Teng. Citing the opinions of the mayor of New York City, Ko reckoned that the best way to preserving a culture lies in religion and culture. For example, holding Hakka language classes in elementary schools may not work as effectively as promoting Hakka music and garment. He told 2016 Gold Melody Awards Best Hakka Singer Wing Lo that he was impressed by his works which fused traditional Hakka songs with rock, jazz, and other elements of modern music.During the media Q&A session, Ko noted that the stadium of Heping Elementary School will be repurposed for concerts and other cultural performances to complement Taipei Arena following the conclusion of 2017 Summer Universiade. The addition of the facility will lessen the load for Taipei Arena. In response to A-Fus question about Taipeis lack of a mid-scale performance venue, Ko reckoned that Taipei Center for Popular Music will be inaugurated in 2019. Within close vicinity to two MRT stations, the facility boasts a capacity of 6,000 seats. 
With the approach of the 2017 Summer Universiade in less than a month, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) will be releasing a special set of tickets to commemorate this major international sports event. The commemorative ticket includes 5 tokens carrying the image of the events mascot Bravo the bear (each of these tokens are one-day pass), as well as authenticity papers and dedicated number. According to the company, a total of 1,900 sets will be released, and each set is sold for NT$750.Each of the sets 5 tokens symbolizes one of the major continents. Bravo appears in a different outfit on each of the coins  torch bearer, baseball player, weightlifter, golf player, and badminton player.For those who want to acquire a set, the commemorative tickets will be available for purchase starting 10 AM on July 29 at the information counter of MRT Taipei Main Station, MRT Zhongshan Station, MRT Songjiang Nanjing Station, MRT Zhongxiao Fuxing Station, and MRT Ximen Station. Each customer can purchase a maximum of 2 sets.For more information on the Universiade Commemorative Ticket Set, please visit the Chinese website of TRTC (http://www.metro.taipei/) or call the companys customer service hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline. 
On July 13, a group comprising officials from Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) visited ASUS and Gigabyte Technology to witness the the companies achievements in green roof projects. The endeavors were imitated to counteract the impact of the urban heat island effect. Established in 2014, the ASUS Happiness Farm spans 500 pings and features a variety of vegetable containers and remodeled flower beds. With a focus on diversity and fitness in the environment, the rooftop farm encourages employees to raise different kinds of vegetable and utilize coffee grounds and leaves as compost. In addition to the rooftop farm, ASUS also boasts gardens which incorporate the concepts of green energy. The eco-pond aerator, for example, relies on solar panels and electricity generated by bike pedaling.   On the other hand, Gigabyte inaugurated the G-HOME Sustainable Eco Roof in 2013. The rooftop of the companys headquarters is now home to indigenous plants and agricultural patches. Imitating natural ecosystems, G-Home adopts a rainwater harvesting system that can collect up to 1,500 tons of rainwater per year to take care of watering needs. The greening effort, while serving as insulation against heat and absorbing carbon dioxide, also helped to cool the roof down to 25 degrees Celsius. PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan praised the two corporations for their endeavor to support the Citys green roof initiative by injecting the notions of eco city and farming into the respective buildings. He stressed that such approaches are especially relevant in a city with scarce land resources. The effect of vegetation can be maximized through building roof greenification and construction of vertical balcony gardens.
Great news for Foodies and Gourmets! The 2017 Taipei Night Market Festival is right around the corner!Taipei City is known for its wide selection of night markets. To promote these great places for eating out, the Night Market Festival invites everyone to come explore the fine foods and cuisines available at these lively venues through a series of both online and onsite promotions.For this years Taipei Night Market Festival, the organizers have invited major night markets across Taipei  Ningxia Street Night Market, Shuangcheng Street Night Market, Yansan Night Market, Liaoning Street Night Market, Huaxi Street Night Market, Wuzhou Street Night Market, Linjiang Street Night Market, and Guangzhou Street Night Market  to offer visitors new tips on getting you the most out of the trip to the local night market!For the online part, the public can visit the Chinese Facebook fan page of DED (http://www.facebook.com/doed.taipei/) and read posts on the top 30 dishes one can find at local night markets. Dont find something you believe should be on the list? Then post your own photo and essay featuring your favorite night market snack between July 16 and 20 for a chance at winning a NT$300 voucher usable at night markets! In addition, those interested can participate in a vote choosing the top ten most popular food items night markets have to offer. Snacks such as tofu pudding, pepper cake, pearl milk tea, and sticking tofu  which ones are your favorites? The voting will kick-off on July 21, and participants will have a chance to bring home a mysterious grand prize!
The Traffic Division of Taipei City Police Department is urging bicycle riders to abide by parking regulations as bikes have become an increasingly important means of transport for residents.  With the government investing considerable effort into the promotion of green transportation in a bid to create a low-carbon and sustainable environment, Taipei has seen a substantial growth in the YouBike fleet over the years. Singaporean firm oBike also joined the ranks of the bike-sharing service providers in May of 2017. However, TCPD pointed out the popularity of cycling has resulted in a rising number of illegal bicycle parking as many as 128 bicycles (including 87 oBikes) were towed away on July 12 and 13 for violating Taipei City Ordinance on Vehicles Impeding Road Traffic. Violations include parking on sidewalks, arcades, or areas where bicycle parking is not allowed.    TCPD calls on cyclists to heed traffic regulations and park their bikes in either parking space designated for bicycles or motorcycle parking facilities in areas where dedicated spaces for bicycle parking are unavailable.
On Saturday, July 15, the Sounds from the River2017 Taipei Riverside Music Festival will take participants back to the Roaring Twenties!This weeks event will take place at the Dadaocheng Wharf. The organizers have invited performers including Lee Ping-huei, Shiao Fu-tr, and Wang Jyun-jie. There will also be a fair at the venue, as well as a play performance by members of the Inside Out Dance Theatre.In addition, the organizers will be holding the Message in a Bottle activity in partnership with a number of local businesses. From today until July 15, individuals who make purchases at any of the partner stores (Bookstore 1920s, ArtYard, South St. Delight, and Taiwan Bussan) will receive an empty letter tailored for the event. Only a limited amount of the letters will be available, so pick them up while supply lasts! On the day of the event, write your message on the designated letter paper and bring it to the information desk of the Sounds from the River 2017 to pick up a bottle issued for the event (only 200 bottles are available on a first-come-first-served basis). Put you letter in the bottle and fill out an application form, and the Department of Information and Tourism will deliver your message to the address on Chinese Valentines Day next year!For more information on the event this weekend and other related upcoming activities, please visit the Chinese website of Sounds from the River 2017 (http://2017.riversounds.travel.taipei/).
The Department of Economic Development (DED) announced that the City now offers one-stop service for Taipei-based enterprises seeking to tap into the cross-border e-commerce market!With the continued expansion of e-commerce, it is pivotal for corporations to take advantage of the connected global commerce to secure additional business opportunities. However, companies often face challenges such as language barriers, cultural differences, customer service, logistics, return and refund mechanism, payment methods, and even tax issues. According to Economic Development Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh, a professional team has been established to provide consultation and clinical support to companies planning to set up shop on e-commerce platforms, providing assistance in areas spanning product release, website optimization, and acquisition of e-commerce capabilities certificates.  Cross-border e-commerce requires completely different strategies from those of traditional offline promotions. A different approach is required for aspects such as sales promotion, platform operations, branding, recruitment, and more. DED hopes that businesses will utilize their competitive edge and maximize brand values in the market of cross-border e-commerce through help and guidance from experts.Please visit DEDs dedicated website http://www.ieatpe.org.tw/t2w/ (Chinese) for more information or call 02-2581-3521, ext. 636.
The Department of Rapid Transit Systems (DORTS) has completed the naming process for the stations of MRT Wanda Line Phase 1 and MRT Xinyi Line Eastern Extension. The Wanda Line begins at MRT CKS Memorial Hall Station and heads into southern Taipei via Wanda Road, traveling beneath Taipei Second Fruits and Vegetables Wholesale Market, Xindian River, and into Yonghe and Zhonghe districts of New Taipei City. The entire route is roughly 9.5 km.The names of the new MRT stations are as follows: MRT Taipei Botanic Garden Station, MRT Xiaan Station, MRT Jiala Station, MRT Yonghe Station, MRT Zhonghe Station, MRT Shuang Ho Hospital Station, MRT Zhonghe Senior High School Station, and MRT Juguang Station. The eastern extension of the Red (Xinyi) Line comprises only 1 new station  MRT Guangci/Fengtian Temple Station. The additional route travels from MRT Xiangshan Station eastward along Xinyi Road Section 6, taking a turn from Fude Street into Zhongpo South Road before arriving at Yucheng Park. The route is approximately 1.42 km long.  The naming of the stations is the result of in-depth discussions between DORTS and local district and borough offices along the respective routes. The names have been approved by city hall on July 6.
Do you have any idea that the highly urbanized city of Taipei still boasts a vast expanse of paddy fields  albeit the last ones within city parameters? Guandu Plain, home to a diverse ecosystem, yields rice crops twice a year. What makes it special is that the second season rice production will see different generations of rice spikes growing in the same paddy.  To encourage the public to learn more about the rice culture while visiting Guandu Plain, the Department of Economic Development (DED) is joining hands with Beitou Farmers Association to organize the 2017 Beitou Rice Harvest Fun event on July 30.This year, the organizers seek to inject a bit of artistic flair into the harvest activity with installation art  rice straw ducks  created by students from Taipei National University of Arts and Yide Borough residents. The inspiration came from the custom of keeping ducks as an extra source of income by rice growers dwelling in the Guandu Plain during earlier periods. The event will feature rituals of heaven worship and rice-harvesting competitions. Participants can try their hands at cutting the rice crops with sickles, using traditional threshing machines to thresh the rice grain, making rice straw dolls and charms, and more.For those interested in making scarecrows or trying to operate a kiln, please register in advance (to register, call 02-2892-4185, ext. 330). Visitors will also have a chance to sample various rice delicacies at the event. More information can be found at the Chinese website of DED (http://www.doed.gov.taipei/mp.asp?mp=105001) or the agencys Facebook fan page (https://www.facebook.com/doed.taipei/)  
The 2017 Taipei Riverside Childrens Fun Fair will take place between July 15 and 23. The event lasting 9 days seeks to bring entire families to Dajia Riverside Park to enjoy a fun-filled afternoon next to the river. The theme of this years Taipei Riverside Childrens Fun Fair is Kids Power: Playing at the Water Amusement Park. The scale of the event is considerably larger than those of past events and will include four major zones spanning aqua-friendly activities, humanities and arts performances, fun games, and kids toy DIY class. The organizers will also hold a Family Day event starting at 1 PM on July 22. The Family Day will comprise activities such as a cosplay contest (winners can bring home as much as NT$4,000 in cash prize) and free giveaway of 100 healthy picnic sets. According to the mayor, the duration of this event is currently set at 9 days. The organizers will look into the possibilities of extending the Childrens Fun Fear over longer period or adopting paid admission in the future. Following the first wave of online registration on July 7, the organizers announced that a new round of registration will take place starting noon on July 12. Each session can accommodate up to 50 attendees. A total of 1,350 positions are available over the 9-day period. For details, please visit the Chinese website Travel Taipei (www.travel.taipei).
On July 10, Mayor Ko Wen-je reiterated the city governments determination to transform Taipei into a smart city at the press conference for the signing of a contract to implement the Smart Taipei Railway Station project between Department of Transportation and Askey Computer Group.According to Ko, Taipei Railway Station serves as a major transportation hub where the HSR, TRA, and MRT services converge  attracting a total ridership of approximately 500,000 to 600,000 per day. However, he pointed out that a better navigation system is needed to find ones way around in the station, citing his own experience in transferring from AMRT to MRT. Ko reckoned that transportation is one of the most important focus areas for the Smart City initiative, along with living, healthcare, education, and e-commerce. The city government has changed its approach from top-down to bottom-up in terms of policy implementation, encouraging the private sector to submit proposals for the government to decide whether the plans are viable or not. During the Q&A session with the media, the mayor elaborated on his remark about the openness of the contract. He noted that the government should not place limits upon or set particular specifications for a new system. Transportation Commissioner Chang Jer-yang added that the Smart Taipei Railway Station project comprises only the requirements of service features, yet no specifications. This allows the contractors to develop applications under more flexible guidelines. Ko reckoned that Taipei is drawing on the experiences from advanced cities to carry out the smart project, which is modeled on those of Amsterdams and Osakas.  
With roughly one month remaining before the start of the 2017 Summer Universiade, the city government announced that trains sporting the Universiade theme will begin operations on the Green Line (Songshan-Xindian) on July 10.Each of the carriages of the Universiade trains has been decorated to mimic a venue of the respective sports categories. In addition, passengers will find a FAQ box attached to the handles which provides additional knowledge about the sports. The contents printed on these information boxes on the handles include rules, interesting facts, and funny anecdotes related to the respective sports categories. The organizers hope to stimulate passengers interest in the games through this approach.The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) noted that the Universiade will take place starting August 19. To promote the young and lively image of sport competitions, the agency is joining hands with EasyCard Corporation to recreate scenes from the sports venues on the train to provide passengers a glimpse of what the game promises.The interior of the train has been decorated according to the following themes: running tracks, soccer, baseball, basketball, swimming, and track and fields. Passengers can select their favorite angles to take selfies of themselves or with their friends. The city government believes that awareness of the Universiade can be further boosted through people sharing these pictures via social groups and the Internet.
To celebrate the inauguration of Beimen (North Gate) Plaza, Taipei City Office of Commerce (TCOOC) will be holding the Street Photography Mini Travel  Beimen District on July 29.The tour, guided by street snapshot experts, will lead participants to explore tourist attractions and stores around North Gate. Through overviews of the neighborhoods history and local business stories, participants will be able to learn about the unique culture and traits of Beimen Commercial District. Beimen boasts one of the islands most renowned camera streets, a dazzling array of stereo equipment, numerous bookstores that evoke nostalgic sentiments, and handmade leather shoes. Participants of the mini-tour are invited to take snapshots during the event and share the images they captured on the Facebook fan page of TCOOC. Online registration is accepted between July 7 and 17 (https://goo.gl/jSZqL2). A lottery will be conducted to determine those successfully enrolled. Bloggers whose websites have accumulated 800,000 visits or Facebook celebrities whose fan base has reached 3,000 are also encouraged to sign up (https://goo.gl/SVQxqS). There will be at least two openings reserved for such celebrities.Interested individuals are welcome to upload street snaps taken at Beimen Business District to the TCOOC Facebook fan page and leave their comments between July 29 and August 6. Those who receive the most likes will be able to bring home prizes including instant cameras, Bluetooth speakers, and camera tripods, among others.For more information, visit http://www.facebook.com/tcooc (Chinese) or call 02-2706-0128, ext. 202. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press conference announcing the opening of the nation-wide Bravo Service Stations on July 9. A total of 71 stations will be established across the entire island. These stations will involve thousands of goodwill ambassadors to provide assistance to the public on issues ranging from Universiade tickets, schedules, and venues. During his address, the mayor noted that there is roughly one month left before the Summer Universiade kicks-off on August 19. He believes that it is the right time to begin mobilizing support in the private sector. In addition to groups and organizations, he is also confident in mobilizing the borough and neighborhood offices which are affiliated with the Department of Civil Affairs.According to Ko, many people around him expressed concern about the sales of Universiade tickets. He believes that the first thing to do is have the tickets go on sale first. If there really is a problem, he will consider mobilizing groups and organizations in the private sector. He is confident in the strength of Taiwans private sector.During the Q&A session with the media, reporters asked him whether he is confident in raising public awareness on the upcoming tournaments through the opening of Bravo stations. Using the statistics from World Games 2009 in Kaohsiung as reference, the mayor explained that public awareness on such major sport events begins to grow during the month before the start of the tournament. It is during this period when sales of souvenirs and tickets see a rise.As for whether mobilizing the support of private organizations and groups defeats the purpose of holding the games, Ko remarked that calls from the four major organizations and religious groups have astounding results, and he isnt hurried about tapping these resources just yet. The current mission for the city government is to concentrate its effort on promotions. 
To reduce the risk of oral cancer for the public, Department of Health (DOH) will be holding the Oral Cancer Screening Week between July 10 and 24. Individuals who have the habit of smoking or chewing betel nuts, 30 years old or above, domiciled in Taipei, and having not received oral cancer checkup since 2016  are eligible to access free oral cancer screening at designated medical institutes across Taipei by presenting their National Insurance Card. Participants will receive an NT$100 convenience store voucher.  According to statistics released by Ministry of Health and Welfare, oral cancer is the fourth of the ten most common cancers and the fourth leading cause of death among men in Taiwan. In 2016 alone, a total of 208 Taipei residents died of the disease.    Taipei Dental Association President Chen Jih-sheng pointed out that the betel nut has been classified as a group 1 carcinogen, meaning that chewing betel nuts could cause cancers -- even without any additives. Those who smoke cigarettes, drink alcohol, and chew betel nuts are 123 times more likely to develop oral cancer! DOH urges the high-risk group to sign up for regular oral screening. People who have developed unusual lumps or ulcers around the oral area are advised to seek medical treatment immediately. For more information on the Oral Cancer Screening Week, visit the Chinese website of DOH (http://health.gov.taipei/Default.aspx?tabid=655) or call 1999 Citizen Hotline, ext. 1864.
The opening ceremony for the 2017 Taipei Film Festival (TFF) took place at Zhongshan Hall in the evening of June 29!The opening film Great Buddha+ is a highly anticipated film. All three showings during TFF have sold out in a matter of minutes. Director Huang Hsin-yao and film cast including Bamboo Chen, Chuang I-tseng, Ting Kuo-lin, and Lin Yu-chih, and others all attended the opening night.During the address, Huang noted that the movie builds upon his short film Great Buddha, which won the Golden Horse Award for Best Short Film in 2014. To him, the short film was a concept, while the full-length work Great Buddha+ transforms the concept into something concrete, with a story, and more room for exploration.The movie starts with two main characters peeping at the dash cam footage, owner of which runs a car dealership. Producer Yeh Ju-feng praised the film for its unique storytelling method and camera techniques that reflect local characteristics.The film screenings will take place at Taipei Zhongshan Hall, Shin Kong Cineplex, and Spot Huashan Cinema. The award ceremonies for the International New Talent Competition and Taipei Film Awards will be held on July 4 and 15, respectively. For more information, please visit the English website of the 2017 Taipei Film Festival (http://eng.taipeiff.taipei/) or the Facebook fan page of the activity in Chinese (https://www.facebook.com/TaipeiFilmFestival). 
The 2017 Labor Film Award is now receiving submissions! The Department of Labor (DOL) announced that labor films lasting 30 minutes or longer and shot on dates after July 1, 2014, are eligible to apply.Film themes should be related to issues such as occupational safety, temporary jobs, atypical employment, migrant laborers, globalization, workings of labor unions, or other labor-centered topics.The first-place, second-place, and third-place prizes are respectively NT$300,000, NT$200,000, and NT$100,000.Established in 2007, the Labor Film Award has been conferred to 175 films that reflect the various facets of Taipeis labor scene. The prevalence of the internet and social media  as well as the advancement of mobile devices  has helped film directors create works that tell compelling stories. DOL hopes the competition this year will see more films which attempt to raise awareness on labor rights, fight for fairer labor standards, or promote the dignity of work. The films will allow the public to gain insights into Taiwans employment environment and present an opportunity for people to reflect upon their labor rights.The agency will start a promotional campaign involving the screening of award-winning films over the years at labor unions and campuses across the month of August. Members of labor unions, the general public, and organizations are welcome to sign up for the film sessions and listen to stories behind the movies by the film directors.Submission deadline is September 30, 2017. To learn more about the award, please visit http://laboraward.bola.taipei/ (Chinese) or contact the award organizer Taipei Film and Drama Union at 02-2311-2044, extension 9. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je visited the kindergarten affiliated to the video game company Gamania on July 4. During his meeting with the companys president Albert Liu, the mayor noted that there are a lot of similarities between the companys approach and those of Google and Facebook, which Ko had a chance to visit during his previous trip to the US, where the employees can satisfy their needs within the office environment. These human-oriented companies are rather different from those of traditional manufacturing businesses.He noted that both policy implementation and planning of today are founded on the principle of asking businesses or the public how the city government can help. This is because the result of past approaches  where everything are conducted based upon the governments own perspective  are often less than ideal. It is more preferable for companies to submit proposals and the city government to procure services once the proposal is deemed doable. The mayor also shared his observations from his recent visit to Shanghai, including those on e-commerce and logistics industries. He noted that the industries go ahead and experiment with new approaches, but the government has the power to intercede when necessary. Given the constant changing factor of technological advances, his attitude is that anything the law does not prohibit is worth trying it shouldnt be limited to trying out things which the law permits. Taking the issue of children daycare as an example, Ko praised that in addition to public daycare facilities, private enterprises are willing to work together to set up childcare facilities.Regarding media questions on how he plans to encourage private companies to set up more corporation-affiliated nurseries, Ko indicated that the first step is to let consumption stimulate production. He noted that roughly 95-percent of 5-year-olds enroll in kindergartens this figure decreases by half for 3-year-olds, and the major cause is because there arent enough kindergartens. He noted that enrollment increased when there are more kindergartens available. He believes that the city should set up a contact window allowing enterprises which are interested in setting up such facilities.  
Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong inaugurated the Taipei Metro Bus in a press event on July 4. The five new main line busesRenai, Dunhua, Songjiang Xinsheng, and Neihuwill commence services on July 5.According to Lin, the last mile of Taipeis track transportation development is to integrate bus lines and maximize the use of bus network. As the first stage of the integration effort, the main line buses will be followed by branch lines, micro-cycle lines, and others. With the MRT network across Taipei and New Taipei covering 117 stations and 123 kilometers, the main line buses will serve to complement the MRT system. The buses will operate on a headway of 4 - 6 minutes at peak times and 5  10 minutes off peak times. Residents will be able to inquire about the information of Taipei Metro Bus via mobile apps. To encourage utilization of the new bus lines, riders will enjoy half-price transfers between the main line buses and city buses across Taipei and New Taipei.   Department of Transportation Commissioner Chang Jer-yang noted that a budget of NT$60 million has been set aside to expand the number of thoroughfare bus lines next year. A total of 16 such lines are slated to be implemented by the end of 2018. 
The annual Taipei Riverside Kids Party is here!The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) announced that Dajia Riverside Park will become childrens funfair between July 15 and 23. Waterborne activities are open for online registration starting 8 AM on July 7. Highlighting the theme of Kids Power, the event features aquatic entertainment, cultural performances, fun-packed games, and toy DIY sessions. The aquatic entertainment boasts two huge water slides, canoes, bumper boats, water basketball, among other facilities. Due to safety concerns, those who wish to sign up for the waterborne activities should be 6 years old or above.  According to TPEDOIT, the aquatic entertainment will take place at 10:30 AM, 1:30 PM, and 3:30 PM. Each session lasts 90 minutes and has 300 openings, including 200 for online registration and 100 for on-site registration. Accompanying parents are not required to register if they do not plan to use the facilities.For more information on Taipei Riverside Kids Party, visit https://www.kidspower.com.tw/ (Chinese). 
On July 3, Mayor Ko Wen-je concluded his three-day visit to Shanghai for the 2017 Taipei-Shanghai Twin City Forum after meeting with Zhang Zhijun, the minister of Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council.   Stressing that both sides of the Straits share a common language and culture, Ko remarked that it is of mutual interest to learn from each others merits. E-commerce, logistics, and urban renewal, for example, are areas where China possesses strengths. The Shanghai Yangtze River Tunnel and Bridge took only four years to build. Both the aforementioned project and the development planning of Chongming Island attest to the high efficiency of Shanghai city government. He added that Taipei will assign a team to learn from Shanghais e-commerce experience immediately after his return to Taiwan.   On the part of Taipei, the mayor believes that the capital of the island can take pride in its medical services  notably efforts in promoting those which are community-based, customized, home-centered, and hospice care. Taipeis environmental policies have also borne fruit, such as the ban of disposable and melamine utensils at City Hall which has successfully reduced the buildings paper waste by 80% and plastic waste by 65%.     Citing the remarks of Zhang Zhijun, City Hall spokesperson Liu Yi-ting pointed out that Shanghai is a fast-moving, vibrant, and innovative megalopolis. He suggested that Shanghai can learn from Taipei in fields such as elderly care, in addition to conducting other bilateral exchanges.Echoing Zhangs comments, Ko believes that exchanges are conducive to nurturing mutual understanding and goodwill between the two sides, given that currently more than 10,000 Chinese students attend schools in Taipei and over 30,000 spouses from the mainland call Taipei home. 
The Smart Cities and Public Service Sub-forum of the Taipei-Shanghai Forum took place at the Oriental Riverside Hotel in Shanghai on July 2.The Department of Information Technology (DOIT) and the Shanghai Commission of Economy and Informatization (SCEI) conducted the event centering on the topic of using Big Data as a basis for building a smart city. Areas such as the cloud and Internet of Things (IoT) were also discussed at the sub-forum.Mayor Ko Wen-je also took part in the sub-forum, instructing DOIT and related agencies to form a delegation and visit Shanghai in September to learn more about the citys accomplishments in smart city and e-commerce.The sub-forum invited Taiwan Smart City Solution Alliance (TSCSA) Chairman Su Liang as the convener on Taipeis side. Dignitaries speaking at the forum include DOIT Commission Lee Wei-bin, Taiwan Open Data Alliance Chairman Peng Chi-ming, CEO Peter Wu of ASUS Cloud Corporation, and more.The guests from Shanghais side include convener and Chief Secretary of the SCEI Rong Zhiqin, Head of the SCEI Cheng Mingbo, SCEI Deputy Director Shao Zhiqing, Shanghai Data Center CEO Tang Qifeng, and more.In addition to introducing the efforts of the respective municipalities in promoting smart city polities, Shanghais speakers discussed topics ranging from the city government approach towards opening up digital data for sharing to the establishment of social e-resources trade to the application of AI in customer services and public affairs. Taipeis guests shared knowledge from how big data can be used in identifying social trends and public opinion to how data collected through wearable devices can help improve personalized health services. 
The giant Victoria water lilies are coming back to Shuangxi Park this August!The Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) announced that the spectacle involving water lilies floating on the surface of water will reappear at the quaint Shuangxi Park in an exhibition starting August 16! The event will be right in time for the Summer Universiade, which will see a great influx of foreign athletes and visitors.    Native to the tropical regions of South America, giant water lilies were introduced to Taiwan and cultivated in Tainan and Taoyuan. Taipei first held an exhibition featuring these rare plants in 2013, followed by a well-received activity in 2014 allowing individuals to sit on the leaves, PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan noted. According to Director Ho of the Horticulture Management Division, giant water lilies are known for huge leaves capable of sustaining heavy objects. However, it takes much effort to protect the leaves from the damages due to typhoons and torrential rain, as well as harassment from fish, freshwater snails, and insects. Thanks to PSLO staffs meticulous care, the flowers have developed leaves with width of up to 130 centimeters.PSLO invites the public to seize the rare opportunity to enjoy the beauty of Victoria and Nymphaea water lilies and night herons at Shuangxi Park. 2017 Floating Giant Water Lily ExhibitionLocation: Shuangxi ParkAddress: Intersection of Fulin Rd. and Zhishan Rd., Shilin District Transportation: 1.	Take Exit 1 of MRT Shilin Station and transfer to Taibei High School Stop by bus 206, 255, 303, 304, 620, R5, or R30.2.	Take bus 645 or Y267 to Shuangxi Park Stop.
To commemorate the 150th Canada Day, the Canadian Chamber of Commerce in Taiwan (CCCT) and the Canadian Trade Office in Taipei joined hands in holding the Celebration Canada at the Hakka Cultural Park on July 1.This year marks the fifth consecutive year for the event organizers to hold the activity at the park. In the interest of enhancing ties and encouraging international exchange, the park authority presented a gigantic Hakka rice cake to CCCT and the Canadian Trade Office which represents the Hakka way of celebrating the joy of birth.Chairman Tseng Nian-yeou of the Hakka Affairs Commission (HAC) pointed out that the Hakka rice cake was used as offerings to the God of Earth when praying for arrival of baby boys for the family. When the wish comes true, the family will gift members of the entire village with these rice cakes to share their joy.The woodcut mold used for creating the giant rice cake is the work of master craftsman Cheng Yung-bin, who replaced the traditional Chinese-themed design with those of maple leaves and snowflakes.In addition to setting up a display area featuring the gigantic woodcut mold, broadcast of a documentary film on how the mold and rice cake was created, and introduction to traditional hakka rice cakes, there are also booths on making Hakka tea and learning Hakka language.   
On June 29, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a press conference marking the 1,000 Referral Cases from National Taiwan University Hospital Emergency Department to Taipei City Hospital at TCH Heping Campus.Introduced on June 19, 2015, the program has seen 1,000 emergency room patients from NTUH successfully admitted to TCH branches as of June, 2017, achieving a satisfaction rate of 92%. The figures bear testimony to the effective integration of the Citys medical resources between academic medical centers and community hospitals, Ko remarked. According to Ko, the ER of NTUH treats an average of 150 patients a day. On average, each of them has to wait for more than two days before receiving treatment as the hospital is faced with the challenge of overcapacity. The referral program, ensuring that patients can be transferred to available medical institutions and their access to required medical equipment, provides patients with more efficient medical services. Building on the success of the NTUH-TCH cooperation, Ko believes similar arrangements can be applied between TCH campuses and other major medical centers in close vicinity. For instance, TCH Yangming Branch can work with Taipei Veterans General Hospital as both are located in northern Taipei.  The mayor also made a case for a review of the national health insurance system, focusing on practices related with family medicine and hierarchical referral.
The Department of Civil Affairs (DCA) announced that the first citywide 2017 i-Voting will take place between June 30 and July 13! Residents are invited to cast their ballots for various proposals. The results will serve as reference for the formation of new policies and be implemented! DCA pointed out that eligible voters are individuals 16 years old or above and either domiciled, attending school, or working in the respective districts of Taipei. Those domiciled in Taipei are welcome to vote directly through the i-Voting website. For non-Taipei citizens, they should visit the polling stations to cast their votes following a simple verification process. Polling stations are located at the twelve district offices, house registration offices, and a number of MRT stations, activity centers, malls, and temples.A raffle will be held to pick one lucky participant to bring home vouchers worth NT$10,000 for each district, as soon as the ballots cast exceed 2,000. Should the combined total of all twelve districts exceed 30,000 votes, the organizer will even draw out a winner for a brand new iPhone 7! To demonstrate his support for the initiative, Mayor Ko Wen-je took time to learn about the seven proposals submitted for Xinyi District, where the city government is located. He calls upon the public to participate and play a role in shaping the future for the district where they live, study, or work.According to DAC, the 2017 i-Voting event generated 93 proposals in total, spanning topics such as park renovation, eco rehabilitation, senior and child care, road traffic safety, humanities and arts, and more. Information regarding the i-Voting event can be found at the i-Voting website https://ivoting.taipei/ (Chinese) and the participatory budget website https://pb.taipei/ (Chinese). 
On June 28, Mayor Ko Wen-je urged the public to help care for sheltered dogs in a press event jointly organized by TAAZE online bookstore, 86 Shop, Quan Hong dog training school, and Muzuo Master. During his address, Ko invited individuals to join the ranks of volunteers keeping company with sheltered dogs and walking the ever growing number of canines dwelling in Taipei Animal Shelter (TAS). This is very important  especially after the implementation of the zero-euthanasia policy this year. The mayor reckoned that Taipei has been dedicated to the promotion of animal-friendly measures including the establishment of dog parks, pet friendly stores, and cats and dogs school. The campaign of expanding the number of animal protection volunteers aims at helping sheltered dogs overcome their fear of humans and strange surroundings, thereby increasing their chances of adoption and prospects for finding a new home.According to Animal Protection Office (APO), TAS currently shelters approximately 420 dogs, 360 of whom need walking every day. However, only 70 dogs on average have the opportunity to exercise outside each day due to limited manpower. APO hopes to enroll 175 more volunteers to help out, so that most of the furry denizens will be able to go for a walk on a daily basis. APO added that with the much-anticipated introduction of smart TAS management system in the third quarter of 2017, volunteers will be able to scan the barcode of respective dog crates using their mobile devices before taking the animal out for a walk. The system will automatically calculate the calories burned for each sheltered canine, contributing to quantitative data analysis for the wellbeing of the animals.For those interested in volunteering, please sign up by calling Mr. Hsieh at 02-8791-3254, ext. 3252. 
To celebrate the upcoming World Book Day and to promote  quality books by local authors, Taipei Public Library (TPL) will collaborate  with independent bookstores and independent publishers to organize a tour by a book  truck to promote the concept of a mobile library.  The inauguration ceremony for the book truck will take place  at the outdoor plaza in front of TPL at 2 PM on Saturday, July 1. According to TPL, the activity involves a book truck which  has been designed based upon the concept of a library on wheels, carrying a  sizable collection of 200 books. Hopefully, this will provide more exposure  opportunities for works by local authors to potential readers. The Book Trucks tour will take place between July 1 and July  14. During the visits at the designated locations, the public will have a  chance to interact with authors from independent publishing companies, as well  as enjoying great reading materials. The Book Truck activity will also collaborate with the  upcoming Taipei Film Festival, stopping at Zhongshan Hall every day from 3:30  pm until 9 PM between July 3 and 8.  Book Truck Tour   Time and Date Location   July 1, 2 PM Plaza outside TPL   July 2, 1-5 PM Taipei Zoo Education Center   July 3  8, 3:30  9 PM 2017 TFF at Zhongshan Hall   July 9, 2-5 PM Plaza outside TPL   Jul 10  13, 10 AM  noon Plaza outside TPL   July 14, 6  10 PM Ximending Red House Plaza       
In light of the recent severe flood on June 2, Department of Civil Affairs (DCA) calls upon the public to acquire sandbags from the twelve district districts and learn about sandbagging techniques as a precautionary measure as the typhoon season approaches.To increase the effectiveness of sandbag use, New Construction Office (NCO) has devised a manual on the correct methods of sandbag storage and stacking that will reduce flood water damage.In addition, victims of the June 2 flood incident will be prioritized on the Citys subsidy program in the installation of flood barriers to mitigate flood threats. Applications are accepted at respective district offices between now and September 30. The amount of cash subsidy varies:1.	Underground Parking Garage with Single Entrance/Exit Lane: NT$25,500.2.	Underground Parking Garage with Double or More Entrance/Exit Lanes: NT$42,500.3.	Ground Floor Entrance Width under 1m: NT$12,500.  4.	Ground Floor Entrance Width over 1m: NT$20,000.DCA reminds the public that used sandbags should not be disposed of randomly or placed outside. Instead, they should be dried and stockpiled inside with a distance from the floor and covered by water resistant cloth. Exposure to sun should be avoided to prevent the bags from weathering. Unwanted sandbags should be recycled at respective district offices or handled by the Citys Department of Environmental Protection.   Information on where to acquire sandbags and the methods of use:http://ca.gov.taipei/lp.asp?ctNode=67291&CtUnit=36340&BaseDSD=7&mp=102001 (Chinese)For flood barrier installation application: visit http://ca.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=313375823&ctNode=38628&mp=102001 (Chinese)
The Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) is joining Kanmy Enterprise Co. in holding Summer Kids Biking Camp at Guanshan Riverside Parks bicycle rental station in July and August.Aimed to teach kids on cycling skills, the camp invites kids from middle class in kindergartens to the third grade in elementary schools to participate . Parents will need to accompany their children throughout the class. The camp comprises eight sessions, each taking place between 2 PM and 5 PM. HEO noted that in order to ensure safety and quality of the class, the maximum number of participants for each session is 20. Participants will be coached by professional cycling coaches in fun-packed courses, allowing them to improve their balance and control skills while enjoying the excitement of riding bikes. Whats best, the free-of-charge camp even provides kids bicycles, protective gear, and insurance for participants.   Online registration starts on July 1 at https://goo.gl/HFT3nH (Chinese). To learn more about the camp, call Kanmy Enterprise Co. via (02)2258-7425 or visit its website http://www.ukan.com.tw/main.html (Chinese). 
Have you ever imagined your loved one proposing to you romantically on the Ferris wheel or during a thrilling pirate ship ride? The City invites couples to sign up for the second group wedding event of 2017 that promises to bring unforgettable memories to those who wish to tie the knot.  Commissioner Lan Shih-tsung of the Department of Civil Affairs (DCA) announced that a mass wedding ceremony will take place at Taipei Childrens Amusement Park in the evening of October 22 (Sunday). To mark the special occasion, participants in costumes sporting the theme fairy tales will be eligible to enter a raffle which offers an NT$6,000 prize as a honeymoon fund to winners.In addition, the newlyweds will receive a home appliance and a chance to bring home a 3-day-2-night accommodation voucher. The lucky ones will be selected in a draw organized by DCA on the day of the ceremony!  Registration for the one-of-a-kind collective wedding is accepted between June 27 and July 7. Only 88 openings are available due to space restrictions. Individuals domiciled, attending school, or working in Taipei City are welcomed to participate. Those interested can sign up at respective district offices or through the online platform (http://canet.civil.taipei/umarry/)(Chinese). Relevant documents and forms should be forwarded to DCA at (address: North Wing, 9F., No.1, City Hall Road) to complete the registration.Should the number of couples registering exceed available positions, DCA will conduct a draw to determine the lucky ones. To learn more about the event, call 1999 Citizen Hotline, Ext. 6170.
To welcome summer break, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) will be offering the special summer season one-day pass for parents and kids! The pass is available between Saturday, July 1 and Thursday, August 31.The Parent/Child One-day Pass costs NT$150. Each pass allows an adult passenger (18 years old or above) to bring one child (12 years old or younger) along for the ride. The pass can be used for unlimited number of rides on the day of use, regardless of distance traveled.The pass is available for purchase at all MRT stations between July 1 and August 31. The pass is only valid on the day of purchase.Parents who want to purchase the Parent/Child One-day Pass should visit the MRT station information counter and produce their ID for station staff to check if they meet the age requirement. Upon purchase of the ticket, the parent and child will be admitted via the manual gate.For more information on the Parent/Child One-day Pass," please call TRTC (TEL:02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizen Hotline. Details are also available at the Chinese website of the company (HYPERLINK ""http://www.metro.taipei/""). "
Mayor Ko Wen-je launched the Citys smart payment platform for public service feespay.taipeiduring a press event on June 25. According to Ko, residents can pay for roadside parking fees, water bills, and Taipei City Hospital service fees, among others, through pay.taipei. The measure ushers in an era where barriers on time and space for making city government-related payments have been removed in the interest of convenience for the public.Accentuating the importance of mobile payment as the leading trend in future financial transactions, the mayor noted that the service seeks to provide an innovative solution through integrating an array of payment tools, thereby creating a three-way win for citizens, industry players, and the government.He added that the concept of e-commerce and logistics is set to play a critical role in connecting Taiwan with the worlds economy in five years. With this in mind, the topic will become a major focus at the upcoming Taipei-Shanghai twin city forum as China has made significant progress in the development of e-commerce. Taipei will seize the opportunity to draw experience from its neighbor to enjoy the second mover advantage in the market.To ensure information security for users, the Department of Information Technology (TPEDOIT) pointed out that the service incorporates Mobile Connect verification system promoted by Asia Silicon Valley Development Agency under the National Development Council. Users will not be able to access pay.taipei without connecting their mobile phone number to the system first.The eight payment businesses involved in the project are Pi Wallet, Taishin International Bank, E.SUN Bank, ezPay, OPay, Aipei, JKOS, and GAMA PAY. The service providers offer deals including cash discounts. To access the smart payment platform, visit the website pay.taipei (Chinese) or download the pay.taipei app from Google Play (Android) and App Store (iOS).  
To offer the public quality parking facility and to eliminate the trouble of looking for convenient scooter parking in the surrounding area, the underground motorcycle park and ride facility at the MRT Neihu Station will be operated directly by Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) starting Wednesday, June 28.The agency announced that it will offer motorcyclists around-the-clock monthly pass at a discounted price during the first three months of operation. Offer ends September 30.The motorcycle park and ride facility is located in the basement floor of the joint development building which is part of the MRT Neihu Station. There are a total of 319 parking spaces. The parking fee is NT$20 per entry per day. With the monthly pass, those utilizing the parking lot will only have to pay NT$200 for the monthly parking (rather than the standard price of NT$300) before September 30.TRTC also reminds motorcyclists who utilize the park and ride facility to park their scooters that a discount of NT$3 on parking fees is available if they use the same EasyCard for entry, exit, and for a ride on the MRT within 1 hour of parking.For more information, please call the companys 24-hour hotline (TEL:02-218-12345) or visit the companys Chinese website (http://www.metro.taipei/).
The city government will join Taiwan Tobacco & Liquor Corporation in transforming Jianguo Brewery into Taiwans first Beer Industry Cultural Park! Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong made the announcement on June 15.A series of procedures will be initiated to overhaul the site, changing it from an industrial property to a special-use zone. Edifices of historical significance within the perimeters of the brewery will be preserved. Approximately 33% of the facilitys land will be used to construct parks, plazas, and roads, while another 7% and existing buildings will be reutilized. Operations for the beer production line will continue to yield an annual production of 700,000 12-packs. It is interesting to note that the Beer Storage Building will be remodeled as Fun Arts Space. Constructed in 1982, the building houses 30 huge stainless steel beer tanks  each with a holding capacity of 100 tons. The edifice, surrounded by a plethora of cultural resources including exhibitions and music performances, is suitable for art activities with its high ceilings and weight bearing structure, noted Cultural Affairs Department Commissioner Chung Yung-feng. According to the plans, a portion of the brewing facilities will be demolished to provide space for a new media art lab that encourages crossover performances and creation. The preserved brewing facilities, on the other hand, will be infused with elements of art and industrial culture. During the press event, a number of dancers and musicians took part in an impromptu performance inspired by the theme of alcohol, drawing parallels between the beer bubbles and dance movements, as well as between melodic flow and liquor. 
With the arrival of summer vacation next week, many parents and kids are looking for ways to spend the busy summer. On Thursday, July 6, Taipei Zoo will be organizing a birthday party for the giant panda Yuan Zai at the first floor of the Giant Panda House!On the day of the event, the public is invited to join the giant panda in celebrating her birthday by writing their well wishes and accompany the bear as she munches down her birthday cake. Participants will also have the chance to bring back the Yuan Zais 4-year-old Birthday Bookplate as a souvenir!The resident panda of Taipei Zoo was born on July 6, 2013. That was also the first day of Taipei Zoos night hours during the summer. Over the years, visitors remember the cute panda bear for her actions such as lunging to catch an apple, imitating the moves from Kung Fu Panda, and falling asleep after exercising.According to the zoo, Yuan Zai combines the characteristics of her parents and serves as an important spokes-panda for wildlife conservation. Taipei Zoo hopes that the public will transform their adoration for the panda into awareness and support for conservation of Taiwans indigenous animals.Event: Yuan Zais 4-year-old Birthday PartyDate: Thursday, July 6, 2017 Time: 10 AM - NoonVenue: 1st Floor of Giant Panda House at Taipei Zoo
As a warm-up activity for the upcoming Eid al-Fitr (Hari Raya Idul Fitri) celebration, Mayor Ko Wen-je will be giving away red envelopes to Muslim friends on the day of the Eid at Taipei Travel Plaza on June 25.The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) has shot a short video clip to promote the event, featuring Ko distributing red envelopes to Muslim friends dressed in traditional outfits. The message highlights Muslim culture of having entire families gather together and hand out auspicious red envelopes during the occasion, as the Chinese do during Lunar New Year.According to Anny Ting, host of the Eid celebration, the money envelope is called Amplop putih in Indonesia, which is available in green, white, and red. Regardless of color, the envelope symbolizes blessings and well-wishes from elder to the younger members of the family. TPEDOIT Commissioner Chien Yu-yen noted that the mayor will be handing out the limited edition green envelopes to Muslim participants on June 25, as green is the most iconic color of the Islamic world symbolizing life and well-being. Queue tickets will be available starting noon on the day of the event. Only 500 lucky ones will receive the envelope from the mayor!   Watch the video at: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVMwGzz7Z7Y
Are you ready for the approach of summer vacation? The Geotechnical Engineering Office will be holding a new round of LOHAS Taipei, Fun Hike at the Trails eco tour event in the Maokong neighborhood.The eco tour will take place on Saturday, July 8 at the Maokong Camphor Tree Circle Trail. Participants who successfully complete the entire walk will receive a souvenir from the organizers.The tour offers both guide in both English and Chinese. The agency invites foreign friends who are interested in exploring the great outdoors to drop by and experience the rich ecosystem surrounding these hiking trails!There will be a total of 300 openings for the event. Registration begins on June 23.For registration or for more information, please visit the Chinese website of the Natural Trails Association of the ROC (http://blog.xuite.net/naturet/ngo). Details are also available at the Chinese website of GEO (http://www.geo.gov.taipei/) or by calling the agency (TEL: 02-2302-5265).
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the flame ignition ceremony for the 2017 Summer Universiade in Italy on June 20.Against the backdrop of the song Ancient Morals of Atayal Tribe presented by Taiwanese indigenous singer Inka Mbing, flag-bearers representing Italy, Chinese Taipei, and FISU marched into the venue one after another. A performance combining fire and dance by Tjimur Dance Theatre reached a climax with the lighting of the Universiade torch, which was passed from FISU President Oleg Matysin to Ko, then to the torch bearer Chu Mu-yen.The ceremony entered a torch relay comprising stops at University of Turin, Egyptian Museum, and the Castle of Valentino. The event concluded with the handover of the flame from Principal of Polytechnic University of Turin Marco Gilli and Oleg Martysin to Mayor Ko. During his address, Ko officially announced that Taipei will host the Summer Universiade 2017 starting August 19. Following six years of preparations, the capital of Taiwan will work to ensure the success of the international sports event  XXX 22 competition categories and 33 stadiums and venues.Expressing his gratitude to FISU, Turin City Government, University of Turin, and diplomatic assistance from Taiwan, Ko invited everyone to come visit Taipei for the sports festival involving more than 12,000 athletes from 150 countries.
Under the guidance of the Taipei City Office of Commerce (TCOOC), businesses across Dongmen Yongkang Commercial District will be holding an event to promote the upcoming Summer Universiade at Yongkang Park on June 25.In addition to a wall for visitors to post well-wishing messages and a hands-on soccer experience zone, there will also be a runway show featuring 10 models and the Universiade mascot Bravo promoting unique products by local boutiques and stores.TCOOC Director Tsai Tsung-hsiung pointed out that the Universiade will be taking place in Taipei between August 19 and 30. With athletes and tourists around the world arriving in Taipei during this period, the commercial district will take advantage of this opportunity to promote products to these global visitors. Through this event, the staff of stores and businesses also would like to express their support to the athletes competing in the international tournament.Chen Yong-tong, the chairman of Dongmen Yongkang Commerical District Development Association, noted that Universiade athletes and Bravo will help promote the diverse merchandise available at neighborhood stores to the public. The wall for posting messages and the hands-on sports event is also a way to allow visitors to experience what the upcoming games are like.In addition, over 30 shops in the neighborhood will offer 5-percent discount on the day of the promotion event. There will also be 16 booths at the event venue run by businesses in the community. For those who want to learn more about Dongmen Yongkong Commercial District, they can sign up for a free local tour (3 sessions  11:30 AM, 2:30 PM, and 3:30 PM). A total of 2,000 popsicles and free tea samples will be given away during the event.
With respective projects from Taipei City and New Taipei City appearing on the list of nominations for the 2017 Smart City Asia Pacific Awards (SCAPA), Taipei City Government is calling out to the public to show their support for Taipeis Taipei IOT Innovation Lab by voting online!Mayor Ko Wen-je has invested much effort in transforming Taipei into a smart city, seeking to make the capital a place suitable for living comfortably and bring the public closer to an innovative and convenient lifestyle. Taipei City Government has won the award in 2015 with the deployment of Poles system, which is akey facility in the smartization of public projects. It was also nominated in the categories of public transportation, smart architecture, public safety inspection, and social services in 2016, bringing home top honors in public transportation category. According to the Department of Information Technology, the Taipei Smart City Project Management Office was founded in 2016 to serve as a bridge connecting the private sector with the government, as well as opening up the city as a living lab to innovations. This year, SCAPA offers awards for 14 smart-city related categories. The evaluation process is similar to those of last years, divided into public votes and review by experts. The deadline for online votes is June 30. The results will be published in July.Vote Website: https://goo.gl/dRsh2w (Chinese)Details on Competing Projects: https://goo.gl/Qyqaat 
The annual twin city forum between Taipei and Shanghai will take place at the Oriental Riverside Hotel in Shanghai on July 2. Mayor Ko Wen-je will meet with Ying Yong  his counterpart from the Chinese metropolis  at the forum, noted City Hall Spokesperson Liu Yi-ting on June 19. Highlighting the theme of Healthy Cities, the forum will cover four topics  Community Health, Environmental Protection, Smart Cities and Civil Services, as well as Youth Creative Industries. Confronted with the challenges of aging populations, the two megalopolises will seek to construct a sound and comprehensive healthcare system emphasizing community health empowerment, senior care, long-term insure, integrated services, and more.Since a healthy city cannot be realized without a healthy environment, eco-related issues will be another major agenda. Atmospheric environment protection and environmental monitoring techniques  touching upon hot topics such as fresh air and PM 2.5 particles  will be discussed insightfully. In the area of smart cities and civil services, the concept of big data will come under the spotlight by offering potential solutions to problems related with city governance and peoples livelihoods, spanning applications of personal health data, consumer protection via e-commerce, and digital regulations. With an increasing focus on youth culture, Taipei and Shanghai will continue to create platforms encouraging exchanges among the younger generations. Street dance performances presented by youths from the two cities, for example, will be organized as part of the forumfor strengthening cultural ties.The two cities will also sign four MOUs during the forum, signaling closer cooperation in areas spanning academic exchanges, basketball promotion, district-to-district relationship, and consumer protection.  
On June 18, Mayor Ko Wen-je embarked on a trip to Turin of Italy to ignite the flame for the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei. He will take the opportunity to conduct exchange on city administration with the municipality. The city delegation is slated to return to Taiwan on June 22. The mayor joked that he has ample time to learn how to greet people in Italian during the long flight to the Europe.Taekwondo medalist Chu Mu-yen, who will serve as the torch bearer for the Taipei Universiade, expressed his excitement for playing a role in relaying the torch. He believes he will accomplish the task regardless of the distance.Concerning questions that if all measures have been taken to protect the Universiade venues from the expectedly sustained rainfall during his oversea trip, Ko replied that it provides an opportunity for the organizers to address related issues facing the venues and stadiums. For example, leakage control is required for Taipei Tennis Court.  As for reports regarding defects of the soccer field at Fu Jen Catholic University, Chinese Taipei University Sports Federation President Chiang Han-san believes that the problems can be solved and should not be a concern. Ko added that test matches are organized to identify potential problems of the sports venues. Once identified, the organizers will take action accordingly.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a press conference at the Longshan Temple on June 19. The temple authorities have called off the practice of burning of paper money and reduced the number of incense burners from seven to three. At the press conference, the announcement was made that only one incense burner will remain.During his address, he expressed his gratitude to the temple for a balance among the preservation of traditional culture, conservation, and public health. He also looks forward to other temples joining the initiative. Ko stressed that environmental issues are important policies for Taipei as a civilized city. This is especially true when the top cause of death is cancer, with lung cancer claiming the most victims. What is worth noting is that many victims are not smokers, showing that there are already too many PM 2.5 particles in the air.  As the mayor of the city, Ko expresses his hope that other temples in Taipei can adopt similar policies and contemplate whether paper money can be replaced by other offerings and the possibility of reducing incense burners down to only one. Doing so will definitely create a balance between preserving culture and creating a healthy environment.
The urban regeneration base URS 127 Art Factor will host the 2017 Dadaocheng Summer Art Festival between June 17 and July 2.A total of 13 pieces of artworks will be on display at the venue, while a series of urban regeneration initiatives will commence around Dadaocheng area, inviting residents to explore the new facets of the Citys former business hub.According to Urban Regeneration Office, URS 127 Art Factor has been organizing the summer art fest since 2016. Artists enrolled in the project will create artworks inspired by their observations of the historical block, whether in the perspectives of local beliefs, history, traditional industries, or architectural landscape.In addition, URS 127 has incorporated resources from 52 local stores and two URS bases to publish the Dadaocheng Fun Booklet in an effort to introduce visitors to the unique atmosphere of the neighborhood which fuses the old and new. Through a stamp rally, participants can learn about the traits of various Dadaocheng tourist attractions during their quest of discovering artifacts recommended by the organizers.The festival is injected with more cultural flavors, given a series of activities being held simultaneously by URS 27W Film Range, URS 155 Cooking Together, and URS 329 Rice & Shine featuring topics ranging from story-telling about the late Taiwanese activist Chiang Wei-shui to cooking experience to ceramics workshops.To learn more about 2017 Dadaocheng Summer Art Festival, visit the Facebook fan page of the event (https://www.facebook.com/dadaochengsummerart/)(Chinese), URS 127 (https://www.facebook.com/urs127artfactory/)(Chinese), or Village Taipei (http://www.urstaipei.net/en/).For inquiries, call 02-27815696, ext. 3125 or 02-77308830, ext. 2025 
A lecture on how to start a new business for new immigrants will take place at Taipei City Halls Conference Room N209 at 2 PM on June 27. The talk, organized by the Department of Economic Development (DED), aims to provide new immigrants from Southeast Asian countries with knowledge and information regarding entrepreneurial knowhow. Speaker at the lecture, Vietnamese Bibi Tran  who has resided in Taiwan for 17 years  will be sharing her story in a speech titled Taiwan is My Home: How to Launch a Business in Taiwan and Fulfil Your Life with the audience. Having overcome challenges spanning cultural conflicts, maladjustment, marriage issues, child-rearing problems, difficulties in acquiring skills to earn a living, and more, Tran endeavored to obtain a number of level C technician certificates through vocational training programs. She currently teaches Vietnamese and culture of her homeland in Hsinchu and Miaoli. According to statistics from the Ministry of the Interior, the islands new immigrant population has been growing over the years. Taipei, with a new immigrant population of 40,000, takes up the third place of all municipalities.DED noted that the lecture is part of the Citys initiative to assist would-be entrepreneurs through experience sharing by prominent figures from different industries. Topics include approaches to creating effective commercial models and devising marketing strategies, corporate management, fund raising tips, among others. To sign up for the talk, visit https://goo.gl/forms/02lDwPyWSYJ4v15z1 (Chinese and Vietnamese).Related information can also be found at StartUP@Taipei https://www.startup.taipei/?lang=en or its Facebook fan page https://www.facebook.com/StartUPTaipei/ (Chinese)
The much-anticipated Taipei Riverside Festival is here!Between June 17 and August 12, the Citys riverbank parks will feature music concerts, fairs, themed activities, and stamp rally events. The festival will reach a climax on August 26 with Dadaocheng Chinese Valentine Celebration highlighting music performances by singer Wawa and reggae band Matzka against a background of dazzling fireworks spectacle! Highlighting the theme of Dance Music for the Young, the festival this year will bring to the audience popular songs spanning from the 1930s to the post Millennial Generation, covering genres such as Nakasi, folk, and indigenous music. According to the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT), Taipei Riverside Festival aims to advocate an environmental-friendly lifestyle by encouraging the public to get closer to nature and waterfronts. Touted as a music fest with local traits, the event incorporates specialties of commercial districts in the neighborhood, offering residents an opportunity to explore Taipei.To attract more visitors, the organizers will hold a Travel along the River raffle. Individuals will be eligible to enter by participating in any three activities of the program and collecting the respective stamps at the information counter. The raffle promises prizes such as Star Cruises trips and Ukuleles with celebrity signatures. Winners will be drawn out on the day of Dadaocheng Chinese Valentine Celebration. In addition to music feasts at the riverside every Saturday, TPEDOIT also joined other agencies in holding a series of water-themed activities at the riverbanks as getaways from the summer heat. To learn more about the 2017 Taipei Riverside Festival, visit its official website http://2017.riversounds.travel.taipei/en or Travel Taipei (http://travel.taipei/).  
The Animal Protection Office (APO) received reports of poachers attempting to capture Taiwan Blue Magpie fledglings using cranes on June 11.According to APO, the agency successfully identified the suspects involved and rescued the 8 young magpies. The chicks were first taken under the care of the Wild Bird Society of Taipeis Wild Bird Rescue Center. They have been returned to the nest on June 13 to reunite with their parents. On the other hand, based on the Wildlife Conservation Act, people who hunt or harass animals belonging to protected species may be subjected to imprisonment of up to five years as well as fines of up to NT$1 million. APO Director Yen I-feng pointed out that Taiwan Blue Magpies are indigenous to the island. These birds are also Taipeis city bird. As protected species, the avian cannot be hunted, harassed, abused, kept as pets, or bred based on Article 16 of the Wildlife Conservation Act. The agency calls upon the public to adhere to the principles of avoid feeding, interrupting, and approaching when encountering wildlife in the urban setting. Citizens are also reminded not to hunt or capture wildlife: Violators may face up to 5 years in jail. 
With the 2017 Summer Universiade approaching, Department of Health (DOH) has allocated a budget of NT$2.4 million in its effort to ensure food safety for participants of the international sports event. As many as 8,000 health officials from Taipei City, New Taipei City, Taoyuan City, Hsinchu City, and Hsinchu County will be mobilized to carry out related tasks. According to Huang Shier-chieg, DOH Commissioner and Head of Universiade Committees Medical Services Department, the Citys 2017 Universiade Food Safety Management Plan has been approved by FISU. The plan encompasses health lectures, food hygiene inspection and tests, and food poisoning cases reportseeking to safeguard food safety for athletes village and sports venues.   Measures have also been taken against terrorist threat aimed to poison food, in accordance with the Ministry of the Interiors Anti-terror Contingency Plan. The three stage precautions include personnel flow control, food materials logistics control, and onsite hygiene spot checks. Detection of any irregularities will trigger a series of investigative actions accordingly.  A total of eight testing agents and four types of examination equipment will be utilized for screening of illegal food additives or prohibited substances in meat, vegetables, fruits, among other foodstuffs to be consumed by participants of the Universiade. For example, tests will be conducted to detect the presence of ractopamine--an additive to promote leanness in animal meatdue to doping concerns in as fast as 30 minutes.For inquiries about food safety or hygiene, please call 1999 Citizen Hotline, extension 7079. Related information can also be found on the Chinese DOH website (http://health.gov.taipei/)
The 2017 Daan Forest Park Eco Fair took place at Daan Park during the weekend of June 10 and 11. The Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) has set up insect hotels at the park to demonstrate the variety of local ecology.Insects are considered to be the most populous creature on earth with the most variety. Insects comprise over 85-percent among the known creatures on our planet. They play important roles in the food chain, handling decomposition, serving as bio-index, assisting in pollination, and even involving in aspects of economic production. Director Huang Li-yuan of Parks and Street Lights Office noted that insects help improve our daily life, citing examples such as bees helping pollination and beetles contributing to the decomposition process. He noted that the insect hotels are hand-crafted by the agencys staff using recycled and old materials, hoping to create abodes for insects such as solitary bees and beetles.Director Yang Shu-hui of Youth Park Management Office noted that there are many varieties among insects, from the beautiful butterflies to the passionate crickets to the flashy stag beetles to the praying mantis. There are many trees located on the parameters of the Daan Forest Park. These trees help to purify the air and provide comfortable homes for insects. Even when trees fall, they also serve as fertilizers to help our environment. Insects enrich the life of human beings and make this world more beautiful. We have to protect them and provide them with an ideal living environment, helping to strengthen the interaction among the denizens of the natural world. 
In light of the increased frequency of weather hazards such as torrential downpours and sustained rainfall, Taipei City Parking Management and Development Office (PMDO) urges vehicle owners to utilize the Citys riverbank parking alert service to ensure they have time to remove their cars from riverbank parking spaces or low-lying areas before imminent flooding.By signing up at the Chinese website (http://parkingfee.pma.gov.tw/Flood/Index/1028), vehicle owners will receive a text alert regarding disaster prevention information and notices, such as typhoon advisory, floodgate closure/reopening, and roadside parking restrictions among others.PMDO noted that the QR code of the website can be found on signboards at the exits and entrances across the Citys riverbank parking lots. Residents are encouraged to scan the code for quick access with their mobile devices.   The service is completely free of charge, allowing for better protection of residents life and property by providing them with ample time to take measures in the event of typhoons or flash floods.
Mayor Ko Wen-je accompanied President Tsai Ing-wen during her visit to the Taipei City Tennis Center. The two attended a briefing session at the center and also watched a match for the 2017 Formosa Cup Mens and Womens Tennis Tournament and Universiade test trial.During his interview with the media, the mayor was asked why he invited the President to take part in the inspection trip. Ko noted that this is one of the bigger venues of the upcoming Universiade. The previous plan was to invite Premier Lin Chuan to visit the stadium for the basketball games, but didnt occur due to schedule conflict. As for why the exterior of the completed tennis venue still resembles a construction site, Ko explained that there are areas which still require minor adjustments and final touches.Regarding why there was no roof for the center and whether it has to do with slashing of the budget, the mayor replied that some modifications to the master design plan were implemented due to budget cuts. On questions whether there might be other problems with the facility, Ko pointed out that it will take some time to find out.The media also noted that there was little interaction between him and the President, but according to the mayor, he does not know much about tennis matches and the sports hes familiar with do not require much technical knowledge. He also remarked that its hard to chat with the president with so many cameras around.
The Animal Protection Office (APO) inaugurated the Citys second dog park at Wenshan District on June 10.Located right across the street from Taipei Zoo and adjacent to the parking lot, the new facility has been named Wanxing Dog Area and sits inside Wanxing Boroughs Daonan Left Bank Riverside Park (address: No. 30, Sec. 2, Xinguang Rd.).According to APO Director Yen I-feng, the dog park comprises two zones: an area spanning 1,277 square meters for large dogs and another space covering 484.56 square meters for small canine breeds. Enclosed by railings and fences, the area allows dogs to roam freely and away from human activities and road traffic. With strong support from locals  many of whom keep dogs as pets, APO was able to maximize the functionality of Wanxing Dog Area. Not only does the facility boast an area twice the size of Huashan Dog Park it also comes equipped with amenities such as toilets, wash basins, and dog waste bags. Residents are encouraged to bring their furry companions to the new recreational destination, which is accessible through both public transportation and vehicles. APO pointed out that it may be challenging to find suitable venues for dog activities in a densely populated city. The agency plans to add one more similar venue in either Shilin or Beitou in 2017, in accordance with Mayor Kos vision to create Taipei an animal friendly city.
On June 10, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press conference for The Wisdom of Life, the Flower of the Land: Taiwanese Literature, Books, and Painting Exhibition at the Taipei 228 Memorial Hall.During his address at the press conference, the mayor noted that Taiwan is the place where we live and Taiwanese is our mother tongue. However, he realized that the road to the continuation of the language is laden with challenges  even his kids are not fluent with the language.Ko believes that languages are not only tools for communication, but also representation of cultures. Citing his studies in the US, he noted that when he sat with his American friends to listen to the radio program, he would have a hard time understanding what his American friends would laugh about, even though he understands every word being said by the radio host. He explained that the reason is language is not only a language: More importantly, language is a culture. He missed out on the jokes because he doesnt understand the culture itself, even though he comprehends the language. He also mentioned a Taiwanese proverb which he learned from his mother, but many reporters dont understand the meaning of it. According to Ko, these proverbs reflect values of families, morale, and society, making them both components of the culture and expressions of the culture. The mayor expressed his gratitude to both the Rotary International of Taipei and Rotary Club of Taipei Taochiang for organizing the activity. He pointed out again that changing Taipei is the first step towards transforming Taiwan, and the first step towards changing Taipei is through culture. Taiwanese is an important element in the culture, because it forms an important foundation in the structure.
The much-anticipated rhinoceros beetle summer camp is here!Building on the past success of the camp event as part of the Eco Environment Education Program, the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) will hold nine sessions of summer camps featuring the King of Insects at the Youth Parks green classroom in July.During early morning, male rhinoceros beetles can be seen battling for territory and the mating rights on Formosan Ash trees in Taipei. The insect, characterized by its black shield and unique horns, has been popular among both kids and adults.According to PSLO, the successful rehabilitation of rhino beetles can be attributed to the effort of the agency in transforming leaves into compostused for cultivating over 330,000 bonsais of flowers a year for the purpose of city beautification and to breed the insect. Huang Shih-chieh, an eco-photographer who possesses rich experience in insect breeding and research, will serve as the instructor of the summer camp. The summer camp program  comprising 9 sessions  will take place between July 3 and 9, targeting elementary school students from grades 3 to 6 and their accompanying parents. Each session offers 20 openings. Online registration starts 9:30 AM, June 14.Registration site: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd5Xc2365EMajlZpZxcAyKI5w3FhUZJcA3n80SIVjBZXTeniQ/closedform (Chinese) 
The beautiful rings of Saturn have always been considered one of the most amazing sights of the solar system. After more than a decades time, the rings of the gas giant are now visible at a 26-degree angle from earth!For friends who hope to obtain really close views of these astronomic miracles, Taipei Astronomical Museum (TAM) will offer the public the opportunity to access powerful professional telescopes between 7 PM and 9 PM on June 17 and June 24.The ideal time to gaze upon Saturn is June 15. On this date, Saturn is located at the exact opposite side of the sun. Not only is it physically located closer to earth, but it is also brightly illuminated. To observe the planet, simply look toward the southeastern part of the night sky after sunset. The pale yellow star shining up there should be Saturn.For related materials and pictures on this astronomical phenomenon, please visit TAMs Online TAM website (http://tamweb.tam.gov.tw)(Chinese).
With the arrival of summer, Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) announced that the water playground at Dajia Riverside Park will be open throughout the months of June, July, August, and September. The fountain apparatus will operate 3 PM to 6 PM every Saturday and Sunday in June, with the spraying frequency increased to three sessions every day in July and August.  According to HEO, Dajia Riverside Park has become a destination for family recreation with its vast plaza and greens suitable for activities such as cycling, skateboarding, and roller-skating. Following the inauguration of the parks inclusive playground in April, the large sand centerwhich boasts excavators, sand tables, slides, and climbing facilities--has also become a new magnet for kids.  The spray zone, on the other hand, features various installations designed with the themes of giant flowers, circles, and bamboo dragonfly, which promise to provide kids with exciting aquatic entertainment.   Dajia Riverside Park Sand Center and Water Playground  Driving Directions: Enter Keelung River Floodgate No. 8 or 9, turn left, and go straight to the Hope Fountain. Public Transportation:   Bus: Bus 72, 222 (Dajia Riverside Park), or M9 (Floodgate No. 8 Stop) MRT: Embark at Yuanshan Station and transfer to R34 (Floodgate No. 8 Stop)   Month Dajia Riverside Park Water Playground Opening Hours   June 3 PM  6 PM, Saturday and Sunday   July  August 10 AM - 10:40 AM, 11 AM  11:40 AM, 3 PM  6 PM (every day)   September 3 PM  6 PM, Saturday and Sunday   *Note: Closed October to May       
Department of Transportation (DOT) will be holding the 2017 HackNTU hackathon at Taipei Expo Park between July 21 and 23 in collaboration with the organization of HackNTU and Taidah Entrepreneurship Center.The event, aimed at developing innovatively value-added transportation applications through utilization of traffic and transport related data, will see the participation of over 500 programmers from home and abroad.   Set to be the largest ever Hackathon in Asia, the 2017 HackNTU spotlights the theme of Data Science, Civic Technology. With support from the city government, Chunghwa Telecom, and National Taiwan University, the event marks yet another milestone for the industry, government, and academia to work together for exploring green transportation solutions.  Winners of the competition will receive NT$50,000 (Elite Award), NT$30,000 (Excellence Award), and NT$20,000 (Creativity Award), respectively. Their works will be showcased at World Congress on Information Technology 2017 (WCIT 2017), to be held at Taipei World Trade Center Hall 1 this September in 2017.To learn more about the competition, visit https://www.facebook.com/hackNTU (Chinese).
The 2017 Pet Industry Employee Training Program is now open for registration!In light of the burgeoning development of pet industry which encompasses pet trade, pet product businesses, and pet hotels, the Animal Protection Office (APO) will organize a series of summer courses for industry workers every Thursday at Taipei Hakka Culture Hall through the month of July and on August 4.The courses are designed to educate pet businesses on knowledge spanning legal affairs, consumer communication, animal physiology and medical treatment, and animal welfare. In addition to the necessary knowledge regarding animal protection regulations, the classes will also cover common hereditary diseases in specific canine and feline breeds, as well as knowhow for caring aging cats and dogs.According to APO Director Yen I-feng, Taipei currently has 78 certified pet businesses. Participants will receive a certificate upon completion of the program, serving to boost business credibility and as an advantage when undergoing government assessment. APO also plans to launch an apprenticeship program later this year for individuals interested in pursuing a career in this field, hoping to inject professionalism into the pet industry and disseminate related information among pet owners. To register, please visit https://goo.gl/forms/P1D8mqqvnFCMtkG73 (Chinese) or call 02-8789-7158, ext. 7019. 
Organized by the Fire Department (TFD), the 2017 Fire Safety Summer Camp will begin accepting registrations starting 10 AM on Tuesday, June 13!According to the agency, the summer camp sessions will take place between July 4 and 28 (on Tuesdays and Fridays). Each session will last from 8:20 AM to 4:10 PM at the TFD Fire Safety Museum (Address: No. 376, Section 2, Chenggong Road, Neihu District). The program accepts students attending grades 1 through 3 of elementary school in Taipei City or whose household registration (any one of the parents or guardians) is in Taipei City. A total of 128 positions will be reserved for kids from low income or disadvantaged households and children welfare organizations.TFD announced that 16 sessions will be held throughout summer, with positions available for a total of 1,280 students (80 openings per session). The summer camp will provide participants with an opportunity to experience various aspects of fire and disaster-related scenarios, such as hands-on experience with firefighting process, smoke, earthquake, and CPR+AED. They will also learn about tips related to survival during fires and earthquakes.The registration deadline is 5 PM on June 22.To register, please visit the Chinese website: (https://goo.gl/NfFPcN). Parents/guardians of kids from disadvantaged households or children welfare organizations can call China Youth Corps (02-85091119, ext. 22, Mr. Huang).For more information, please contact China Youth Corps (see contact info above) or TFD (02-2729-7668, ext. 8714, Ms. Wu). 
To mark the World Environment Day on June 5, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) is organizing a range of activities during summer break to echo the theme of this yearConnecting People with Nature. Incorporating the Citys 15 environmental education facilities, the program features Love Nature Cinema, Environmental Education Summer Camp, City Ecology Lecture, Embracing Nature Facebook Sharing, and more. Individuals who enjoy outdoor activities are welcome to visit Zhishan Ecological Garden for some tree-climbing fun, visit Guandu Nature Park for an artistic experience blending natural landscape and sounds, or visit Neishuangxi Nature Center to explore forests through engagement in orienteering activities.   Not an outdoor adventurer? The program also offers alternatives that cater to those who prefer more static events, such as the exhibition at National Museum of Taiwan History on our ancestors fighting against floods or the BiomimicryInspired by Nature exhibition at National Taiwan Science Education Center.To learn more about the characteristics of various environmental education institutions, please visit http://ppt.cc/ehcR6 (Chinese). To sign up for the summer program, check out http://www.dep-tee.gov.taipei (Chinese).
The 2017 Nangang Osmanthus Festival and International Cultural Day will take place at Chengde Elementary School between 9 AM and noon on June 24. The event seeks to introduce the unique beauty of osmanthus in Nangang to visitors, as well as promoting the upcoming Summer Universiade.Nangang District Office Director Wang Hsien-li noted that this years event supports the mayors call highlighting the livelihood of local tea farmers. The event invited local farmers to demonstrate the process of tea production, successfully integrating the element of tea aroma to the festival.To promote the upcoming Universiade, this years Nangang Osmanthus Festival invited middle and high schools in the district to showcase the different characteristics and culture of nations in Oceania, whose teams will be hosted by the district during the international sports event. On the day of the festival, local elementary school students and community groups will put on exciting performances at the main stage. At the fair, there are also booths offering games and challenges, as well as promoting neighborhood attractions and agricultural produce. Of course, there are also osmanthus DIY lessons and places for new immigrants to conduct exchanges.For more information, please visit the Chinese website of the Nangang District Office (http://www.ngdo.taipei.gov.tw/).
To grab a share of Japans outbound tourist market, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) is working in collaboration with Japans HIS travel agency and Taiwans EVA Air to launch the Feel Taipei campaign, targeting potential visitors from specific Japanese areas. The agency joined Matsuyama City in announcing preferential offers for bilateral travel between the two destinations during a press event on June 2. Starting July 1, residents of the two cities visiting each others soil will receive a number of gifts, including special edition EasyCards, hand-painted bags, and tourism brochures with vouchers for Matsuyama citizens as well as bath powder from the 3,000-years-old Dogo Onsen area, discounts for tourist attractions, among other souvenirs for Taipei citizens. With the period between October and March being the peak season for Japans school trips overseas, TPEDOIT is targeting specific regions in the land of the rising sun, seeking to attract Japanese students to visit Taipei, which boasts a safe environment, convenient transportation, and people known for their hospitality. High schools across Ehime Prefecture will be the first targets under this promotion campaign.The tourism and airline industries also play important roles in the campaign. Individuals who book a flight from Japan to Taiwan through EVA Airs official website will receive a Fee Taipei travel e-book delivered to their email account. The Japan-based HIS travel agency will provide the Feel Taipei package encompassing a unique city tour on the Taipei Double-Decker Sightseeing Bus. The package, with release date planned for mid-June, also includes souvenirs sporting Taipei themessuch as EasyCard and hand-painted bags by the illustrator Naho Ogawa.According to statistics, Taipei saw tourist arrivals from Japan exceeding 1.8 million in 2016, making Japan the second biggest source of foreign visitors to the islands capital.To learn more about the campaign, please visit http://japan.travel.taipei (Chinese/Japanese).  
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that a new escalator has been installed at Exit 5 of MRT Guting Station. With work completed on May 26, the facility will open to the public starting 1:30 PM on June 5.This exit now comprises 2 escalators  one for exiting the station and the other for entering the station. MRT Guting Station is the transit station for the Green Line (Songshan -Xindian) and the Orange Line (Xinlu), boasting a total of 9 exits. The original design of the station features the standard setup of 1 escalator and 1 staircase for exits 3, 5, and 7. However, to provide more convenience for passengers, 1 more escalator will be added to each of the aforementioned exits. Meanwhile, Exit 3 of MRT Guting Station will be closed starting June 12 for the installation of a new escalator for stage 2 of the overhaul. Passengers should choose other entrances for accessing the station during the construction period. Work is slated for completion in mid-February of 2018. Installation work for the new escalator at exit 7 will follow, with completion date set for October 2018.Notices will be posted at the station and broadcast via platform television and Taipei MRT GO smartphone app during the construction period. For more information, please visit the Chinese website of the company (http://www.metro.taipei/), call the companys 24-hour customer hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizen Hotline.
To raise awareness on responsible pet ownership and to encourage adoption of stray animals, the Animal Protection Office (APO) will hold adoption and interactive game events at Taipei Animal Shelter every second and fourth Sunday of the month between June 1 and December 10, 2017. In addition, the frequency of the event will be increased to every Sunday in the months of July and August.The event encompassing six challenges, visitors who complete four at the booths will receive a souvenir. Those who have adopted an animal and completed all six challenges will get more gifts  including pet food.Staff members of Taipei Animal Shelter will select two Pets of the Day from the denizens of the kennel or cattery. Individuals who intend to adopt a pet on the day of the event are invited to take the fifth and sixth challenges to win prizes. The fifth challenge involves acquisition of pet behavior knowledge and interaction with the pet on duty following the instructions from animal trainers. The final challenge requires participants to bring their adopted companion to the counter for adoption procedures and vaccination.According to APO, information of related activities will be published on the agencys Facebook and other social networking platforms to attract the younger generations. Events like these are designed to promote animal welfare and, hopefully, can help reduce the number of homeless felines and canines. 
The Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) reported that the torrential rain on June 2 exceeded the rainfall standard for 200-year return period, resulting in flash floods at several areas across the city. According to the agency, the heaviest rainfall was reported in the vicinity around Donghu Elementary School in Neihu District, indicating rates up to 154 mm per hour.Unlike the standard operation procedures for flood gate activation during typhoons, the procedures taking effect during torrential rains do not require the agency to issue vehicle evacuation warnings 4-hours ahead of gate closure. The rain on June 2 led to rapid rise of water levels of the Keelung River near Dazhi Bridge, reaching alert levels by 12:40 PM. To ensure the safety of citizens, HEO issued notices regarding the closing of floodgates citywide at 1:30 PM. All of Taipeis floodgates were closed by 2:30 PM.  Regarding the flooding along Jiangnan Street in Neihu District, HEO pointed out that the primary causes were the low altitude of the neighborhood and the heavy downpour reaching 154 mm per hour. Furthermore, a temporary automatic pumping well which undergoes regular maintenance is located in the vicinity. Inspections during the storm of the facility indicated no system trouble.As for questions on the activation of water control outlets at Dahu Park, HEO explained that the water level of Dahu Lake is regulated by 20 storm water control outlets. Four of the sediment discharge gates were activated at 10 AM and deactivated at 3 PM when the downpour subsided.  HEO reminds the public that all storm water drainage facilities have capacity limits. As Taipeis drainage system is designed to relieve downpours of up to 78.8 mm per hour, torrential rains that exceed this amount can easily cause short term flooding. Such flooding will subside within a short period if the storm water drainage continues to function normally.  
Citing a recent report on equipment and facility planning for Tianmu Sports Park, the Department of Sports (DOS) expressed its gratitude to the suggestions submitted by the public. It also announced that future playground facilities will incorporate public opinion and participation.According to the agency, the existing playground facilities are outdated, lack safety distance, and exhibit signs of deterioration. It has allocated funds for overhauling. The new plans will focus on children safety, seeking to renovate existing facilities as well as incorporating interactive equipment.Regarding the planned facilities, at the current stage DOS is looking at facilities that offer challenges and allow for climbing actions. This will provide children with the opportunity to stimulate physical development and invigorate brain activities. The sandbox area will see the installation of washing basin, as well as redeployment of the swing and sand box with consideration of safety distance.In the future, the playground will also evaluate the possibility of installing barrier-free facilities to meet the needs of different users.To ensure that the planning for the playground meets the demand of local residents, DOS will organize information meetings to collect the opinions and suggestions of the public, allowing them to take part in the design and planning process. The design will be adjusted after the acquiring of public opinion to provide children with quality and safe playground environment.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended an interpellation session at Taipei City Council on June 1.Regarding the preparations for 2017 Taipei-Shanghai Forum and whether or not teams from the PRC would be participating in 2017 Summer Universiade, the mayor reiterated the city governments stance of respecting the decisions made on the other side of the Strait. As for the costs and benefits of broadcasting Universiade events, Ko promised to instruct agencies responsible for the operations to submit relevant documents for city councilors review.Concerning the standards on which agencies base their KPI goals and draw strategy maps, the mayor reckoned that the indicators and strategies for certain departments should be modified and examined on a constant basis. The issue of the extra budget for Taipei Performing Arts Center exceeding the 15% cap is currently under investigation by the Department of Government Ethics, Ko told city councilors.On the matter of senior welfare, the mayor expressed his opposition to one-time consumption measures. He added that the city government is reviewing policies related to the well-being of the elderly following recent measures to provide fast-tracked outpatient service to people aged 80 and over. With respect to cultural issues, Ko remarked that Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong will oversee the transfer of Zoo Malls management from Taipei Zoo to the Department of Cultural Affairs. The department also received instructions to review the Citys regulations governing street performers and to publish the results in one month. 
Wondering where to spend the scorching hot summer?The Wenshan District Office is joining hands with Muzha Farmers Association in holding a series of activities highlighting the districts specialties--tea and bamboo shoots.The fun-packed events will kick off on June 6 with the 2017 Green Bamboo Shoots Competition at the granary of Muzha Farmers Association on June 6. Over one hundred bamboo shoot growers will be vying for the Golden Bamboo Shoot title in the most celebrated annual fest of Muzha area.   On June 17, Muzha Tieguanyin  A Season for Teas will take place at the Mini Skywalk near Maokong Gondolas Maokong Station. The event will feature a live music performance and a fair showcasing delicacies made with the ingredient of Tieguanyin tea, for example ice tea, ice cream, and tea eggs. The public are welcome to visit the venue and relish the experience of having their senses of hearing, sight, and taste satisfied. *Note: With Maokong Gondola under scheduled maintenance, visitors are advised to take buses to the event (BR15, S10, Maokong Shuttle Left Line).  The array of summer activities will conclude with Love in Wenshan  Summer Concert at Taipei Potted Plant Auction Market on June 24. Against a backdrop of floriculture landscape, visitors will be able to savor local teas while indulging themselves in the beautiful melodies and watching performances brought by the winner of the Universiade dance contest. The event also spotlights raffle sessions and coin pouch giveaway.   *Note: Parking lots are available. The venue can also be accessed by public transportation means (MRT Wanlong Station Exit 3 Buses 530 or 236 at Wugong Elementary School Stop) To learn more about the summer program, visit www.wsdo.taipei.gov.tw (Chinese) 
The Citys policy to provide one-stop medical service for seniors aged 80 and over across the seven Taipei City Hospital branches took effect on June 1, 2017.Mayor Ko Wen-je visited Zhongxing Branch on June 1 to inspect the implementation of the streamlined outpatient services, from registration, doctors consultation and treatment, examination, payment, to picking up medications.  According to Ko, the policy to facilitate Taipei City Hospital services for the older populations aims to create a senior-friendly environment while taking into consideration the physical conditions of the elderly, who find it exhausting to access the hours-long outpatient service during a visit to the hospital. He pledged that the city government will seek to expand the service to cover incapacitated patients aged 65 and over.     Ko added that he agreed with the belief that public hospitals should bear more social responsibility, especially in promoting public health and social welfare. He also shared his views about the direction the island should take to advance its medical services in the next two decades. Instead of introducing new medicine, new technologies, and new equipment, Taiwan should focus on improving the effectiveness and efficiency of the health and medical system.
Taipei has garnered two silver awards with its Nishi Honganji Square and Yangmingshan Qianshan Park construction projects at the World Prix dExellence Awards 2017. The prestigious award is organized by International Real Estate Federation (FIABCI) and dubbed the Oscars of the real estate industry.   The two projects were submitted to the Public Infrastructure/Amenities and the Environmental (Rehabilitation/Conservation) categories respectively.Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) Director Huang Li-yuan accepted the trophies at the award ceremony held in Andorra on May 26. He noted that Nishi Honganji Templea Japanese Buddhist temple of historical significance--has been restored after being ravaged by two fires in the past. The temples site, which is now a plaza, has regained a cultural ambiance that attracts visitors with an interest in humanities. Yangmingshan Qianshan Park, on the other hand, boasts a plethora of biological and hot spring resources despite suffering environment ravage as a result of mismanagement of public facilities. Following the Citys invigoration effort, the Yangming Lake has been cleaned up and the amenities of the park have been refurbished to their original state.    According to Public Works Section Chief Hong, the temple is located adjacent to MRT Ximen Station. It is the perfect place for visitors to embark on a journey of exploration in Ximending and surrounding tourist attractions such as Red House, Futai Street Mansion, and Beimen. Qianshan Park also offers tourists an alternative for recreation and rest to the more well-known Yangming Park nearby.  Hong added that PSLO has produced two introductory videos in English for the award-winning tourist magnets to help raise their international profile. The videos can be found on YouTube by entering keywords Nishi Honganji Square and Yangmingshan Qianshan Park.Nishi Honganji Square: www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ik2qJJoq_4Yangmingshan Qianshan Park: www.youtube.com/watch?v=LG9FmZDIfyM
On the final day of the 2017 Taipei International Dragon Boat Festival, the tournament on the river also entered its climax. Teams vying for the championship participated in heated competition throughout the afternoon of May 30th in the finals for the respective categories. Attracting 227 teams, the total amount of awards offered this year has reached NT$3 million. In recent years, public participation in dragon boat racing has seen consistent growth. Organizations and companies from the private sector have formed their own teams to join the races as a way of boosting teamwork or to take part in traditional festival celebrations.After 3 days of competition, the team from Neihu Sports Center took first place in the Mens Standard Dragon Boat Division. The team from Taiwan Provincial Temple of the City God brought home the gold trophy for the Mixed Open division. The winners of the respective categories are as follows:Mens Standard Dragon Boat Division: Neihu Sports CenterWomens Standard Dragon Boat Division: Jietu  WomensMixed Standard Dragon Boat Division: Taiwan Provincial Temple of the City GodMens Small Dragon Boat Division: Taipei Xiahai Temple of the City GodWomens Small Dragon Boat Division: Guandu Temple - GIRLSMixed Small Dragon Boat Division: Sanchong District Dragon Boat Committee BMasters Small Dragon Boat Division: Guandu TempleJuniors Small Dragon Boat Division: Nangang High SchoolCity University Invitation: University of TaipeiWith this years dragon boat tournament coming to a successful conclusion, the organizers invite the public to upload pictures of themselves taken at the event venue to the Ignite my Dragon Boat Spirit activity tagged with #. The winners will be determined through drawing on June 1. For more information, please visit the Chinese website of the 2017 Taipei International Dragon Boat Festival (http://dragonboat.taipei/) .
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press conference for the Heart of Neihu BOT project. He noted that this project is the first BOT to take place in his administration. He hopes that this project will set the course of industrial development in Neihu for the next 50 years.During his address, Ko noted that BOT projects have had a bad reputation in the past. He explained that since he took office, the city government has been working on overhauling the process. He believes that the spirit of BOT is not to reduce investment from the government, nor is it to maximize the benefits for the government. He added that the government is a platform to enable its citizens, stressing that the power of the government is limited, but that of the private sector is limitless. Therefore, the role of the government is to assist the private sector, allowing businesses and individuals to exhibit their capabilities. Under this guideline, royalties will no longer be the only considerations, and it will no longer be zero investment for the government. According to the mayor, the annual output value of Heart of Neihu is expected to exceed NT$4 trillion. Following the success of the West District Gateway Project, which centers on North Gate, the next step will be the East District Gateway Project, which centers on Nangang and the Neihu Technology Park 2.0. Both of these projects will be supervised by Deputy Mayor Charles Lin.The two major industries involved in the project  IT and biotech  will require new energy sources, and that is why the city government plans to establish an incubation center in the heartland of Neihu. The Heart of Neihu is considered to be the core of the Neihu 2.0 project, taking up a total area of 1.75 hectares. The site is a 3-minute walk from MRT Gangqian Station and is located next to No. 16 Park. Construction targeting the park will begin in July, with completion slated for summer 2018. The environment will be great because the incubation center will be integrated with the park.
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) has teamed up with Taiwan High Speed Rail Corporation (THSRC) to offer a new MRT-HSR-Double Decker Joint Ticket combo package! The ticket will beavailable between June 1, 2017 and December 31, 2018.Each combo package includes the following items: a roundtrip ticket on the HSR (from HSR Taipei Railway Station to either HSR Taoyuan Station or any HSR stations further south) MRT 48-hour Pass, and a voucher which could be exchanged for a double-decker day pass. Effectively, the combo pack ticket offers roughly a 25-percent discount on the HSR round trip tickets and a 37-percent discount on MRT-double decker tickets.For example, an individual starting his visit at HSR Zuoying Station will have to spend NT$3960 in total to purchase each ticket separately. On the other hand, buying the combo package will cost NT$2,850, which is a saving of NT$1,110! The combo pack can be purchased at ibon kiosks at 7-11 convenience stores. Simply follow the instructions at the kiosk and complete the purchase process. After paying at the counter, your will receive a code for collecting your HSR ticket and proof of purchase for MRT/double decker ticket. The HSR ticket can be exchanged via ibon. The proof of purchase can be used at the information desk at MRT Taipei Main Station, MRT Nangang Station, or MRT Banqiao Station, and 11 other MRT stations to exchange for the 48-hour pass and 1-day double decker pass.For more information, please call the 24-hour service hotline of TRTC (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizen Hotline. You can also visit the Chinese websites of TRTC (http://www.metro.taipei/), THSRC (http://www.thsrc.com.tw/), or ibon (http://ticket.ibon.com.tw/). 
Taipei Zoo will hold a series of summer camps for the upcoming summer vacation.The Zoo Doctor Camp, Zoo Scientist Camp, Zookeeper Camp, Beetle Camp, and Forest Adventure Campwill be open to registrations starting 9:30 AM on June 1. The other two overnight activities--Taiwan-Japan Senior High School Biology Investigation Camp (6 days 5 nights) and Taipei Frog Ecology Camp (2 days 1 night)are available for sign-up now.Boasting a century-long history, Taipei Zoo has accumulated plentiful experience in the care, medical treatment, management, and conservation of wild animals. It has launched a total of 26 sessions of the summer camp program to highlight the functions of modern zoos including education, research, conservation, and recreation. Through hands-on experience and science classes, more than 1,000 participants  from kids to adolescents  will be able to acquire in-depth knowledge regarding animal conservation, as well as the important role of zoos.How do veterinarians help sick or injured animals who display significant differences spanning physical needs, temper, and behavior? What is the principle of distributing food to the zoo denizens? What measures are taken to prevent animals from exhibiting stereotypical behaviors? Participants will find the answers to questions like these at the Taipei Zoos summer camp event.   To learn about the details of the activities, please visit (http://www.zoo.gov.taipei/)(Chinese) 
The central government promulgated the Statute for Expediting Reconstruction of Urban Unsafe and Old Buildings on May 10. According to the statute, buildings over 30 years old are eligible to apply for building integrity assessment. In the case where the building cannot meet earthquake resistance standards, judged that improvements offer no benefits, or goes without an elevator, the building can apply for reconstruction based on the statute. Doing so will yield 30-percent floor-to-area ratio of the foundations area as a reward. Furthermore, if the application is submitted within three years of the assessment, and additional 10% will be rewarded. Construction Management Office (CMO) Director Chen Huang-cheng added that there are a total of 114,000 buildings across the city with building permit and usage license (roughly 952,000 households). Among these, there are 93,000 buildings that are 30 years or older (580,000 households). Applying for the building integrity assessment is the first step toward reconstruction for old communities. The application can be submitted by either the management community or an individual assigned by over half of estate owners of the community.The agency stressed that the city government will not actively announce the results of the assessment, and neither will it put up yellow or red tags to identify such buildings. The budget for building integrity assessment in 2017 is NT$22.3 million. With each initial assessment expected to cost NT$8,000, the City will accept up to 1,240 applications for the service. For detailed assessment, the city will subsidize 45-percent of the cost capped at NT$600,000.Applications can be submitted to the following address: Construction Management Office2F, South Wing, No. 1, City Hall RoadXinyi District, Taipei CityInformation is also available at the agencys Chinese website (http://dba.gov.taipei/) or by calling the 1999 Citizens Hotline.
Taipei City Office of Commerce (TCOOC) is calling for public support for Taiwanese designer Justin Chou. The up and coming designer is competing against talented designers from 44 countries in the Global Emerging Designers Contest held by fashion magazine ELLE. Despite describing himself as someone who lacks fashion sense, Mayor Ko Wen-je is working hard to solicit votes for Chou through his personal Facebook account. He noted that Chou, who advanced to the top eight with his unique embroidery outfits, is locked in fierce competition with contestants from Malaysia, Brazil, and Serbia. He urges everyone to cast their ballot for the local budding designer via the online platform (http://ellefashionnow.com/en/designer/38) before June 1.According to TCOOC, Chou discovered his talent in the field at an early age when he tried ripping his brothers jeans due to an inspiration from a TV show. He has since developed a passion for fashion and decided to study in the Department of Textiles & Clothing at Fu Jen Catholic University  despite his college entrance exam scores being high enough for him to attend National Taiwan University.    Chou spent his school days honing his sewing skills before embarking on a career to build his own brand. Having weathered business failures and a fire incident at his studio prior to his Tokyo Fashion Week debut, he finally won recognition at the New York Fashion Week and made his name heard at local designer awards.TCOOC has been holding fashion designer contests since 2013 in a bid to promote the Citys fashion industry and nurture future talents. The finals and runway shows for this year will take place at Taipei Expo Park on August 2.For more information, visit TCOOC website (http://www.tcooc.gov.taipei/)(Chinese) or its Facebook fan page (www.facebook.com/tcooc/)(Chinese).  
The Huayin Street Commercial District, located behind Taipei Railway Station, has benefited from growing number of tourists thanks to the inauguration of the Airport MRT. To take advantage of this opportunity, the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) will be renovating illumination facilities for the commercial district, which will be installed before the upcoming Summer Universiade.According to PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan, the agency has been working on changing the shape and appearance of street lights. In the past, the design came from the agency with little consultation with the local communities due to concern over illumination and safety. The design for the new street lights at Huayin Commercial District is the collaboration of both Rear Station Commercial District and Huayin Street Commercial District. Despite the long hours spent in discussing and debating the issue, the participants were positive about the endeavor, as it marks the first step toward designing the street lights with input from local communities.According to Chairman Lee of Huayin Street Commercial District Association, the shops behind Taipei Railway Station along Huayin Street and Taiyuan Road form one of the most important commercial districts in the city. This is especially true given the increase of visitors thanks to the relocation of coach terminal and opening of the Airport MRT. He noted that local businesses are waiting for the completion of the project in the first half of August, making the districts a new spotlight for Taipei City.The new design incorporates the elements of airplane (which represents the airport) and bear (which is the mascot of the commercial district). The lights will outline the concepts of fly, bear, rising, and prosperity. 
A project to light up Taipeis ancient walls is well underway. The Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) announced that a nighttime illumination project will be implemented to help restore East Gate (Dongmen), South Gate (Nanmen), and Minor South Gate (Xiaonanmen) to their past glory. The project is similar to the lighting environment improvement project for West District kicked-off last December, involving the nighttime light of North Gate (Beimen), Taipei Railway Workshop, and Taipei Beimen Post Office.PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan pointed out that the City plans to inject lighting art into the three ancient gates with a dose of urban aestheticswhether in resplendent glow or in dim light--as part of the broader West District lighting initiative.According to Hsu Yu-chien, architect responsible for the project, high CRI (color rendering index) projection lights will be employed to create various illuminous effects on the three gates. This will accentuate the sculptural essence of brackets, the red beams, the edifice silhouette, the compilation of rocks, the roof ridge, the battlements, and other focal points.    Street Lights Section Chief Yang added that energy-efficient LED lighting will be installed around the three gates to replace the outmoded facilities. Staff with expertise in heritage preservation will be assigned to oversee the construction work for the buildings of extreme historical significance.The project is slated for completion by the end of July.  
In light of the upcoming renovation of Zhongzheng District Office Building, the Zhongzheng District Office and Household Registration Office will relocate to a temporary location starting May 31.The temporary offices of the two agencies are respectively the 7th and the 8th floors of the Huashan Market Building (Address: No. 108, Zhongxiao East Road Section 1, Zhongzheng District). Phone and Fax numbers will remain unchanged.The new location can be reached by either taking the MRT to MRT Shandao Temple Station (near Exit 5) or taking the bus to the National Audit Office stop, which are both short walks away from the building. There also numerous parking lots in nearby areas. Hours: 8:30 AM  5:30 PM. Household Registration Office extended hours: 5:30 PM  8 PMNote: only selected services are available during extended hours.For more questions, please call the district office (TEL: 02-23416721) or the household registration office (TEL: 02-23948838).
To mark the May 22 International Day for Biological Diversity, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a fair to promote eco-conservation on May 20. Ko expressed his gratitude to participants of the event42 stalls by 35 environmental groupsfor their continuous effort on increasing understanding and awareness of biodiversity issues in collaboration with the city government. Highlighting the theme of Sound and Biodiversity, Animal Protection Office (APO) joined Chi Sing Eco-Conservation Foundation in organizing the event to encourage listening to the sounds in our surroundings with a calm mind. Through awakening ones auditory perception, it is hoped that the public will understand the importance of maintaining the natural soundscape and managing noise pollution.The event features a session where attendees received electroencephalography to detect changes in electrical activity of their brain when listening to various environmental sounds. The method was used to display the impact of sounds on ones mental and physical state. A vehicle fitted with hearing examination equipment was also available at the fair, allowing people to have their hearing health checked free of charge. According to APO Director Yen I-feng, the ability of listening is critical for Taipei to become a sustainable city. He hopes residents will learn to open their ears, hear everyday sounds around them, and beware of the existence of other creatures. The approach will allow other forms of life to have their say in a world where humans can coexist in harmony with all kinds of creatures. 
The 2017 English Guide Training Program for Taipei City Hakka Cultural Park has been launched by Taipei Hakka Affairs Commission (HAC) as part of the Citys endeavor to introduce Hakka origins and customs to international visitors.Youths aged 18 or over, like Hakka culture, interested in guide service, and with foreign language skills, are welcome to sign up for the program. The program encompasses classes including Hakka knowledge, foreign language guide service, global etiquette, oral expression, the ability to improvise, and how to address people. Participants will be able to receive on-site training and practice in guided tours. With the Summer Universiade approaching, Taipei is expected to host nearly 10,000 athletes and dignitaries this August. Taipei City Hakka Cultural Park will seize the opportunity to market the islands Hakka culture, greeting international visitors with the unique Hakka-style warmth and friendliness.English Guide Training Program for Taipei City Hakka Cultural ParkTraining Period: Every Sunday between June 18 and July 23 Location: Taipei City Hakka Cultural ParkAddress: No. 2, Sec. 3, Tingzhou Rd.Registration Deadline: June 9, 2017Registration site: https://goo.gl/Ve27od (Chinese)For more information, visit www.thcp.org.tw (Chinese). 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the inauguration ceremony of Taipei Medical Universitys Center for Education in Medical Simulation (CEMS) of on May 17.During his address, Ko noted that CEMS is the second in Asia to receive global recognition in healthcare simulation. He hopes that collaboration with the institution will help the City develop better preparedness in emergency medical services. According to Ko, CEMS integrates educational resources with simulation sessions, allowing medical staff from multiple disciplines to engage in group training. The platform provides a rare opportunity for doctors, nurses, and respiratory therapists to hone their skills in crisis management situations. The mayor made a case for the Citys emergency medical technicians from the Fire Department to improve their techniques  the members had not been able to access special training until 1999. Statistics indicated that Taipei saw more than 100 Out of Hospital Cardiac Arrest (OHCA) patients rescued in 2015 and 2016 combined.To deliver better performance in emergency medical services, the Fire Department has inked an MOU with Taipei Medical University to pave the way for future cooperation. With assistance from the university through teaching support, the Citys emergency response teams aim to increase the survival rates of OHCA patients.     As a doctor, the mayor also tried his hands at the XVR simulation system  virtual-reality training software designed to provide on-scene command officers with immersive experience in the face of emergency incidents. Scenarios can be selected and adjusted for the purpose of training, such as the number of people with burn injuries, the extent of the burn wounds, the scale of the patients, and even the settings of simulated operations. The results can be used to assess professional competency of trainees and the efficiency regarding his or her deployment of available resources.
The annual Taipei Kids Soccer Tournament plays an important role in promoting the sports to young kids, encouraging them to pick up the habit of exercising at an early age.This year, the event will take place at Daonan Soccer Field this weekend, from May 20 through 21. A total of 144 teams will be competing against each other for the golden cup.Participants of the tournament are all kindergarten students. The teams, consisting of 7 players each, will be competing in 4 different divisions: nursery group, lower kindergarten, higher kindergarten, and cross-kindergarten.  During the press conference on May 18, the organizers invited soccer celebrity Chuang Chia-wei to instruct the young players on more complicated soccer maneuvers. Bravo, the mascot of the 2017 Summer Universiade, also volunteered to be the goal keeper to block the shots.This year, the opening ceremony will feature a special appearance of Peppa Pig, who is also the spokesperson for the tournament. According to the Department of Sports, the venue of the games Daonan Soccer Field is located near the Taipei Zoo, offering convenient transportation. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je stressed the importance of reaching a social consensus against driving under influence during an event organized by Taiwan Against Drunk Driving (TADD) on May 17. As the founder of TADD, Ko expressed his concerns over casualties caused by drunk driving and the mounting burden on the Citys police force to conduct sobriety checks. Statistics showed that over 25% of people imprisoned have been convicted of crimes related to DUI, he pointed out. The public sector should work to reduce alcohol-impaired driving fatalities through means of education and preventive measures.According to Ko, his administration has allocated a significant proportion of the budget to anti-drunk driving campaigns since taking office. A cross-department task force was established in July 2015, which is led by the Department of Social Welfare. The Citys proposal to tighten regulations on DUI, following lobbying effort by TADD, has passed the preliminary reading at the Legislative Yuan on April 26. The amended law will require both the intoxicated driver and the passengers in the vehicle to bear criminal liability.The mayor noted that the city government is also actively advocating changes to the Road Traffic Management and Penalty Act and related traffic rules at the Legislative Yuan, seeking to effectively address drunk driving through law enforcement. Commenting on the practice to force DUI offenders to service at funeral parlors as a form of deterrence, Ko remarked that the measure has been implemented but emphasized that prevention is more important than punishment. With the designated driver service being criticized for high fees, the mayor encourages people to consider taking public transportation if they know they would be drinking.  
Taipei Astronomical Museum (TAM) will organize the Building a Starlit School event at Chenguang Elementary School in Yunlin on May 20. Through the use of gigantic planet-shaped balloons, assembling of portable telescopes, lesson on the starlit sky, and science DIY, the organizers hope that participants will be able to learn about astronomy through fun and games and attract the interest of young students.The Viewing the World from the Star, Understand Math and Physics activity has won funding from the Ministry of Science and Technologys Science Volunteer Spearhead Project, as well as access to the resources of Cheng Shiu University.With the aforementioned support, the science volunteers from TAM visit schools to conduct extracurricular learning on the subject of astronomy for teachers and students. They draft plans for astronomy activities and establish bases with astronomical characteristics to promote interest in astronomy.Over the past 9 years, science volunteers have visited 15 elementary schools across the island, covering a distance of 5,281 kilometers. A 2-day-1-night astronomy camp will take place at Chenguang Elementary School in Yunlin Countys Beigang Township on May 20. The nighttime stargazing activity will take place in the night of May 20, teaching students about constellations such as Leo, Virgo, Bootes, and Corvus. 
Do you know that Taipei offers a wide range of delicacies, from local snacks to exotic cuisines? The dining scene of the City is so incredible that you can find a variety of foods from different cultures, be it European, Japanese, Korean, Mexican, or Southeast Asian.To strengthen the image of Taipei as a capital of gastronomy, Taipei City Office of Commerce (TCOOC) is organizing the Taste the Best of the World in Taipei event. The activity features information sharing of recommended restaurants through Facebook, as well as invitations to gourmets around the world to visit Taipei and explore what the city has to offer to please their palate.TCOOC invites foodies, travelers, or individuals living in Taipei to recommend exotic restaurants which left them lasting impressions at the agencys Facebook fan page (www.facebook.com/tcooc/)(Chinese) before June 5. Participants need to provide reasons for their choice to be eligible for a raffle promising two admission tickets to the 2017 Taipei Culinary Exhibition. In July, the organizers will announce the method for selecting foreign gourmets interested in visiting Taipei. There will be a night market festival among other events to promote Taipeis culinary strengths. The festivities will continue with the Taipei X EZTABLE Week and the Good Food Month Highlighting World Cuisines in August and September, respectively.  
The Wanan Air Raid Drill will take place in Taipei City between 1:30 PM and 2 PM on Thursday, May 18. The entire drill will last 30 minutes, aiming at raising the air raid preparedness of the public to reduce possible loss of life and properties during wartime. Following the sounding of the drill sirens, all pedestrians and vehicles should follow the instructions of military, police, and civil defense staff members to evacuate to the nearest shelters. Individuals working at office or remaining at home should turn off all gas, electricity, and water, as well as closing all doors and windows.  Vehicles on highways will continue traveling. MRT, HSR, and TRA train services will continue to run according to schedule. Airplane take-off and landing will remain unaffected.Cars leaving the highway will need to stop at the roadside. After shutting off the engine, drivers will need to follow orders and evacuate to the nearest shelter. Passengers disembarking from trains will need to remain inside the station and follow the instruction of police officers or station staff.Individuals violating evacuation orders or measures regarding traffic, illumination, noise, or other necessary restrictions will incur fines between NT$30,000 and NT$150,000 in accordance with Article 25 of the Civil Defense Act. In light of foreign visitors or expats who are not aware of the air raid drill, the Police Department has uploaded fliers in 12 languages to its website. The different languages include English, Indonesian, Filipino, Japanese, Vietnamese, Malaysian, Hindi, Korean, Thai, French, German, and Russian.In addition, the Ministry of the Interior will also dispatch drill alerts to all 3G or 4G mobile phone users within the parameters of the drill via the emergency SMS broadcast platform of the National Science and Technology Center for Disaster Reduction.
In response to the WannaCry ransomware that has been wreaking havoc across the world since May 12, Department of Information Technology (DOIT) established a task force on May 13 to ensure necessary measures are implemented to protect the city governments computer system from the malware.Led by DOIT Commissioner Lee Wei-bin, the task force comprises 20 members with backgrounds of information security, internet strategy, system and equipment management, as well as software engineering. The experts in their respective fields have been assigned the mission to evaluate the risk of the ransomware attacks and take action accordingly. Between 8 AM and midnight on May 14, a cybersecurity drill was conducted to better prepare employees to manage security incidents. Starting at 7 AM on May 15, the City ran Microsoft Windows and anti-virus software updates while temporarily shutting down related services. No reports of malware infections have been found on the city governments computer system.  DOIT noted that the following steps are taken on a regular basis to ward off computer viruses:1.	Windows update: Conducting daily updates through the Microsoft update server.2.	Virus definition update: Installing the latest virus definition updates on a daily basis.3.	Backup: Running scheduled server backups and requiring staff members to back up their files regularly.  4.	Website access policy: Blocking access to game, pornographic and gambling sites as well as Chinese IP addresses.5.	Information security drills and education: Holding social engineering training programs and information security classes to increase cybersecurity awareness among staff members.  
On Mayor 15, Mayor Ko Wen-je delivered a report on the Citys preparations for the Summer Universiade and security policy at Taipei City Council.According to Ko, a total of 152 countries have completed required procedures to participate in the Universiade  the largest ever international sports event to be held in Taiwan. He noted that the City has mobilized all available resources to host the games, ranging from the planning of opening and closing ceremonies, construction of stadiums and athletes village, coverage of games, medical services, sponsorship, transportation, accommodation, logistics, cityscape beautification, marketing campaigns, to cultural exchanges.The Citys efficiency in preparing venues and facilities for the event has also been openly lauded by Marc Vandenplas, Summer Universiade Director of International University Sports Federation (FISU).Concerning Taipeis security policy, Ko pointed out that recent large scale events or assembliesfor example the countdown party, lantern festival, and laborer protests--have been organized in accordance with the Citys Standard Operating Procedures for Holding Assemblies or Parades and Taipei City Safety Management Plan for Major Gatherings promulgated in 2015 and 2016, respectively.The city government will work to improve intelligence gathering and surveillance capabilities, enhance police deployment, and cooperate with National Security Bureau as well as the international intelligence network to strengthen anti-terror response mechanism  in the event of mass gatherings, the mayor remarked.  Regarding Universiade-related questions raised in the interpellation session, Ko noted that spectators are allowed to wave flags during games as long as they abide by rules. The City will announce its campaign to promote the sports event in a press conference on June 13.
On May 13, Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the eye-dotting ceremony for the 2017 Taipei International Dragon Boat Festival at Qu Yuan Temple. The temple dedicated to the worship of the ancient Chinese poet is located at Beitou Districts Zhoumei Borough.To promote the upcoming Taipei Universiade and conduct city diplomacy, the mayor joined Univsersiade mascot Bravo and foreign dignitaries from Germany, Mosco, Nicaragua, Austria, among other countries in performing the traditional rites of river worshipping and took part in a procession.During his address, the mayor invited the public to participate in a series of activities spanning dragon boat racing, outdoor fairs, egg balancing, and zongzi-wrapping during the Dragon Boat Festival event at Dajia Riverside Park between May 28 and 30.According to Department of Sports, this year the dragon boat race will see the participation of 226 teams from the island and abroad, including Ulan-Ude, Singapore, Haifa, Manila, Shanghai, Nanjing, and other cities.The opening ceremony of the annual fest will feature performances by Musou Bandknown for a bunch of beauties playing a variety of Chinese musical instrumentsand internet celebrity Elvis Tian. On May 29, Dajia Riverside Park will host a fan meeting with the appearance of beloved TV characters in kids entertainmentYOYO family. For more information about the festival, visit http://dragonboat.taipei/ (Chinese).  
On May 14, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening press conference for a series of Mothers Day activities organized by the Taipei Immigrant Women and Family Service Center. In addition to conveying his well-wishes to moms around the world, he also wrapped Vietnamese spring rolls and called upon dads and sons to help moms in their day-to-day chores whenever possible.According to Ko, the only thing he has is gratitude for all mothers. He noted that he returned to Hsinchu the day before to enjoy a meal with his mother. He admitted that he forgot to bring any present, and his mom also paid for the meal. However, his mom was really happy, which made him feel good for spending time with her.Yet, he also mentioned that moms tend to grumble about their kids. Even though hes already 58 years old this year, his mother still treats him like a 3-year old and nag him every day, as well as calling him on phone to complain whos been berating him on TV commentary shows today. The mayor joked that it takes quite a lot of training to ignore moms complaint. The emcee added that while its fine to act as if not listening, its better for him to do what mom wants so itll save her from worrying too much.After the speech, the mayor joined the audience in wrapping Vietnamese spring rolls. Civil Affairs Commissioner Lan Shih-tsung and writer Siao Hong gave out carnations to the moms in the audience and wished them a happy Mothers Day.
The 2017 Wanan No. 40 Air Raid Drill will take place between 1:30 PM and 2 PM on May 18. Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) has announced the following service adjustments for MRT trains during the exercise.The MRT network and Maokong Gondola will maintain their respective standard schedule however, passengers will not be allowed to leave the stations upon arrival. For the purpose of conducting an evacuation simulation, riders will need to follow the instructions of MRT staff to seek shelter at the lobbies or platforms. Stores inside MRT stations (both elevated and ground-level stations) and Taipei Arena will be closed with power supplies turned off. Underground malls and shops will not be affected. Entry will be allowed, but exit will be restricted at the metro park-and-ride parking lots.As for Taipei Childrens Amusement Park, restrictions related to illumination and traffic will be implemented at the facility. Outdoor rides will be deactivated. Vehicles will be admitted only to the parks parking lot. Visitors will need to follow staff instructions and seek shelter indoors.TRTC reminds the public that those violating orders issued during the drill will incur a fine of no less than NT$30,000 and no more than NT$150,000, in accordance with Article 25 of the Civil Defense Act.For more information, please call the 24-hour customer hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or visit the Chinese website of TRTC (http://www.metro.taipei/).
The Public Transportation Office (PTO) announced that an additional 2,799 ticket validation machines will be installed on public buses by the end of June 2017.The new units will be placed at the rear doors of public buses. For buses with machines located at both the front entrance and back entrance, passengers will be able to board and disembark at any available doors, facilitating crowd flow. During rush hours, this measure will help speed up the boarding and disembarking processes significantly, thereby boosting the service efficiency of the Citys bus system.Taipei City Joint Bus System began installation of ticket validation machines at the back entrance of bus route 518 in January 2011. Receiving positive feedback from passengers, the pilot project was expanded to cover 7 city bus lines, including routes 518, R32, Xinyi Express, 39, 234, 22, and 74.According to PTO, the agency will require bus operators to ensure that data of both the front door and rear door ticket validation machines are linked before service can be provided. This is necessary to avoid irregularities with fare deductions for passengers. 
With the Summer Universiade taking place this August, the islands television networks will join hands for the first time to provide coverage of the games, Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) announced.According to TPEDOIT Commissioner Chien Yu-yen, the resources and manpower of 13 terrestrial and cable television channels as well as broadcasters of Taiwan have been coordinated to televise the sports events. Chien expressed her gratitude to Chinese Television System, Videoland Television Network, and Infinity Multimedia Production for their effort to integrate all available resources from the islands major channels. A fleet of 14 outside broadcasting vans will be mobilized to cover the sports events. The opening ceremony alone will see more than 20 cameras, outside broadcast units utilizing 4K technology, and 2,000 staff members (including live streaming technicians and volunteers) put in motion.   Chien added that the broadcasting preparations have received approval from FISU Chief Operating Officer Dejan Susovic, who is visiting Taiwan this week to oversee the progress of the Universiade. 
Department of Information Technology (DOIT) is inviting the public to play a role in transforming the official website of Taipei City Government.First of its kind among local municipalities, the City will introduce the concept of User Experience (UX) as a guideline for the website design overhaul. Residents are invited to participate in a research program launched to learn about their opinions regarding what a city government website should look like. The program will be conducted in the form of interviews by NTUST Ergonomics Assessment Laboratory, commissioned by DOIT. Each interview session, to last approximately 120 minutes, will explore participants experience of using the current Taipei City Government website as well as their expectations and advice for the renovated website in terms of layout, design, features, and content.The program, in line with the Citys objective to realize public participation, aims to incorporate User-Centered Design and intuitive design in the official web portal of Taipei City Government. DOIT hopes that users feedback will help contribute to enhanced usability and performance of the renovated website. Registration ends on 6 PM, May 15. To get involved, visit https://goo.gl/forms/p2wXvRJQvoEqmmGU2 (Chinese)
To time with Mothers Day, the Department of Health (DOH) is working with Taipei Dental Association, dental clinics across Taipei, and Taipeis taxi fleets to organize a series of events targeting the health and well-being of pregnant women and moms between May 8 and June 8.The campaign encompasses three activities: oral health examination, better taxi experience, and an essay competition to raise public awareness on care for women and children. According to Taipei Dental Association President Chen Jih-sheng, pregnancy could increase the risk of cavities and gingivitis due to changes in hormones and dietary habits. Oral checkup is therefore vital for pregnant women and their babies. During the event period, a total of 240 dental clinics and institutions will provide pregnant women with oral health check service with registration fee waived. Expectant mothers will need to show their National Health Insurance Card and Maternal Health Handbook to access the service.   In a bid to enhance transportation environment for women with kids, the City has collaborated with Metropolitan Transport Corporation, 55688, and Crown taxi fleets to provide friendly and accessible service to passengers with strollers, parents carrying kids, and pregnant women. Cab drivers will assist passengers in placing strollers onboard, ensuring a smooth ride, among other considerate measures that seek to provide pleasant riding experience for passengers.     An essay contest is also being held to encourage the sharing of stories with themes such as caring for kids, being a mom, or being pregnant. The event aims to generate warmth in a city that strives to boost birth rates and create a friendly environment for raising children. The total amount of the prizes is worth NT$17,000.To learn more about the campaign, please visit the Chinese website of DOH (http://health.gov.taipei/Default.aspx?tabid=407)(Chinese) or call the 1999 Citizen Hotline (1999, ext. 1834).
As a way of saying thank you to mommies and to celebrate the upcoming Mothers Day, the Taipei Childrens Amusement Park (TCAP) will offer mothers who bring their children a free admission (for mom only) on Sunday, May 14. Mothers will also have free unlimited access to the Ferris wheel on the day of the event.  In addition, mommies can receive a free lucky bag (fukubukuro) by uploading a picture of themselves taken at locations inside TRTC to Facebook with  tag and verified by the facilitys customer service center. Each lucky bag contains one carnation, one beverage voucher (valid for the day only), and one free ride ticket (valid through May 31, 2017). Only 520 bags are available on a first come, first served basis.    For entire families who visit the Ifkids Childrens Theatre on Mothers Day can take advantage of the Buy One, Get One Free deal. Moms who check-in on their Facebook page at either the VR World or the Kawai Candy Land will also receive a free round of entertainment at the respective facility.  For the discounted price of NT$100, moms can enjoy the fun of AR/VR environments as they set sail to conquer the ocean or take up arms against marauding monsters. Likewise, mothers who take pictures at the wooden cottage and spend NT$300 or more will receive a souvenir keychain (limited supply).   For more information, please call the 24-hour customer hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizens Hotline. Information is also available at the Chinese websites of Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (http://www.metro.taipei/) or TCAP (http://www.tcap.taipei/).    
Wondering where to celebrate Mothers Day on May 14? Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that four students from the Music Class of Nanmen Junior High School will bring live music to the Maokong Gondola stations as a flash mob performance between 10:30 AM and 4:30 PM on Sunday, May 14.According to TRTC, the talented young musicians have shone in the Citys music competitions spanning flute, oboe, clarinet, and French horn categories respectively. The musical prodigies will perform at lobbies or plazas of the Maokong Gondola stations against a backdrop of mountainous scenery to mark Mothers Day.In addition to indulging in the beautiful melodies, TRTC also invites people to treat their moms to a decent restaurant or a teahouse specializing in tea delicacies and take a walk to the nearby Zhangshan Temple, Camphor Tree Trail, and Flying Dragon Trail in the Maokong area.TRTC advises those interested in planning a trip to Maokong to purchase the Maokong Gondola Super Value Round-Trip Ticket. Priced at NT$260, the ticket is valid for one round-trip and an additional ride from first use until the end of service on a single day.  To access the latest information on the Citys MRT and Maokong Gondola network, the public are encouraged to download the Taipei Metro Go app. Online booking service for a ride on the aerial lift is also available at https://web.trtc.com.tw/c/gondola/booking/ (Chinese).For inquiries, please call the 24 hour hotline (02)218-12345 or visit the Maokong Gondola website http://www.gondola.taipei/ (Chinese).
Taipei City Animal Protection Office (APO) has activated the anti-bird flu mechanism following reports on May 6 and 7 from Taipei Poultry Wholesale Market regarding suspected avian influenza case involving five batches of chickens.According to veterinarians at the market, signs such as skin anomalies, internal bleeding, swelling eyelids, among other bird flu symptoms were found on the slaughtered chickens. The birds came from Kaohsiung, Miaoli, Pintung, and Yunlin.  APO has notified the Bureau of Animal and Plant Health Inspection and Quarantine of the suspected cases, which were immediately sent for laboratory inspection. The City also ordered the suspension of slaughtering operations for 24 hours and seized 304 chickens for further examination. A massive disinfection effort was implemented at the market as part of the SOP to prevent further outbreak.With summer approaching, transmission of avian influenza viruses will likely be mitigated. However, APO noted that isolated cases are unavoidable and urged the public to eat thoroughly-cooked poultry and purchase certified products. 
Deputy Mayor Charles Lin and former Taipei City Mayor Huang Ta-chou conducted inspection visits to Wanfang Hospital and Guting Land Administration Office to personally experience the results of the city governments promotion of Garden City policies.According to Huang, he has over 20 years of experience in rooftop gardens. He pointed out that utilizing limited space on the roof for gardening can help lower the temperature, reduce carbon emission, and lessen the urban heat island effects.As an example, the rooftop garden at Wanfang Hospital offers a relaxing scenery, helping patients relieve some of their pressure and speeding up their recovery process. Huang hopes that Kos policy of implementing the rooftop gardens at city-owned buildings, schools, and hospitals will transform Taipei into a city that is even more suited for living.Deputy Mayor Lin noted that over 27,808 people are taking part in the garden city initiative, with total space dedicated to the project spanning 101,431 square meters. There are a total of 76 rooftop gardens among the sites. This years campaign will focus on the rooftops of schools, public housings, senior welfare facilities, and medical institutions.Wanfang Hospital Superintendent Lien Gi-shih noted that the hospitals rooftop garden can trace its origins back to 2010. The project kicked-off with the help from former mayor Huang and other volunteers to create a venue promoting horticultural therapy. Through gardening, patients and family members can leave their worries behind for the time being and enjoy the leisure in the company of nature. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the Fun 3C Experience at Bade Commercial District event in the afternoon of May 6.During his address, Ko noted that the purpose of the event is to encourage the general development of the Bade Commercial District.According to the mayor, ITC industry is an area where Taiwanese companies show outstanding performances. They also account for nearly half of the market values of local stocks, not to mention its attraction for young people as possible career options.The event saw the participation of several city agencies, stores and members of the Bade IT Commercial District, Guanghua Digital Plaza, Syntrend Mall, Huashan Culture Park, TTL Taipei Beer Factory, and National Taipei University of Technology. These entities form the Greater Guanghua Commercial District.While the city government hopes to model these entities after Tokyos Akihabara, the mayor pointed out that perhaps the city government can come up with a way to make it even better and more creative than its counterpart in Japan. He hopes that Commissioner Lin of the Department of Economic Development and TCOOC Director Tsai can contribute their expertise to realize such visions.
With the approach of the Summer Universiade, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) introduced a new website providing accommodation booking service for one hundred selected hotels and inns partnering with the games.According to TPEDOIT, visitors will be able to choose a preferred lodging based upon factors such as languages, rates, check-in and check-out dates, as well as proximity to the sports venues. The contracted hotels will offer information regarding Universiade games, transportation, and tourism. Available languages include English, Japanese, Korean, French, Spanish, German, Cantonese, Thai, and Malay.    To ensure the quality and safety of the accommodations throughout the event period, TPEDOIT has organized two training program sessions for hotel staff, as well as scheduled inspection visits by the Fire Department and the Department of Health. Since the games will take place at locations across Taipei, New Taipei, Taoyuan, and Hsinchu, the contracted hotels are scattered across the municipalities with a wide range of room prices ranging from several hundred to more than ten thousand NT dollars per night. Boarding is available in various configurations, spanning hostels, budget inns, hotel chains, business hotels, and international tourist hotels. To attract foreign visitors and encourage them to extend their sojourn on the island, these contracted hotels will provide preferential offers valid until the end of September. 2017 Taipei Summer Universiade Contracted Hotel Booking Website: http://hotels.2017.taipei/  
On May 4, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the Taipei City Hospital (TCH) Doctor and Nurse Day Celebrations. During his speech, he emphasized that the most important aspect of the medical care system is humanity. He also took the opportunity to express his gratitude to the medical staff.Citing his experience as a doctor and his long stint at the surgical intensive care unit, the mayor recalled the time he spent with the medical staff. The fact is that the medical care system requires a lot of people, especially frontline workers. When he assumed office, he instructed TCH Superintendent Huang Sheng-jean to ensure that hospital staff operates on an equal work equal pay basis, regardless of their status as permanent workers or temporary hires. This is a way of realizing equality.The mayor emphasized that the branches of TCH primarily serve as community medical care centers and should not aim at becoming academic medical centers. In 2016, TCH was recognized by 19 major awards, with the SCI of the institution claiming sixth-place on the list of Taiwans medical institutions.Despite seeing outpatients during his first year as a doctor, Ko admitted that he hasnt met patients for decades since working as the director of the ICU. Again, after years in the company of electrocardiograms and pathology reports, he returned to interacting with patients and their family members in his 50s. From this experience, he learned that medical science is not only science  without the human aspect, the discipline will become meaningless. He pointed out that hospital workers mentioned to him that many patients and families nowadays demonstrate poor attitudes and can be quite unreasonable. Ko noted that they often see themselves as consumers and deal with the medical care professionals accordingly. However, he still believes that if the staff treats them nicely, 99.5-percent of patients will return the favor, so theres really no reason to give up on everyone due to the remaining 0.5-percent.As the mayor, Ko explained that what he hopes to see is a medical care system that connects with people. He expressed his gratitude to the medical workers for their contributions for helping to realize this vision
In light of the zero-euthanasia policy taking effect this year, the Animal Protection Office (APO) announced that the Citys HOPEMRT pet adoption centers will officially open on May 6 as a way to help stray cats and dogs find new homes.According to APO Director Yen I-feng, the agency has joined hands with animal hospital chains and pet businesses in setting up shop to encourage animal adoption since December 28, 2014. Currently there are 23 adoption centers across Taipei. The City invites more businesses from the private sector to join the ranks of the HOPEMRT facilities, which helps to enhance company image and boost adoption rate, thereby improving the well-being of sheltered animals.APO noted that a group of volunteers will run adoption events at the HOMEMRT centers on a regular basis. With the number of sheltered animals expected to rise due to the no-kill policy, APO seeks to expand and train its volunteer staff to take better care of furry companions and help them overcome anxiety around humans. These measures will boost their chances of adoption.Those who support the adoption program by bringing home a dog or cat from the HOMEMRT centers will be eligible for eight preferential offers, including one free polyvalent vaccine shot within three years, one free rabies immunization, and one free parasite preventive medication administration.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je gave a speech at Shih Hsin University on May 3. The topic of his speech was My Story.Speaking before the students, he stressed that his life is full of accidents and learned early on about the wisdom pertaining to life and death. The most difficult thing is not facing disappointments and challenges, but to retain compassion for the world while facing these letdowns. Citing the incident of him tripping during a relay, he noted that the important thing is to stand up and continue to proceed towards the goal. On the topic of the accomplishments of his administration, he cited the removal of bus lanes on Zhongxiao West Road, the relocation of Taipei Lantern Festival to the West District, and the West District Gateway Project as examples. He attributed the success of these policies to the support from city staff, contractors, and the public. Through these projects, he realized that taking risks is necessary for innovation, while risk-taking also requires determination.At the end of his speech, the mayor talked about his experience of riding from the lighthouse in the north of Taiwan to the one at the southern tip of the island in one day. He encouraged the students to hold true to their dreams, noting that success only comes when one is not afraid to fail.Before the speech, the President of the University Wu Yeong-chyan accompanied the mayor on a visit at the schools campus and the Radio and Television Building. Ko visited the broadcast room for an interview with student reporters and left a recording for the school radio.
Deputy Mayor Chen Chin-jun presided over a press event announcing the commencement of the construction project to revamp MRT Zhongshan Shaunglian Belt Park on May 2.According to Chen, the 30-year-old park requires an overhaul to rejuvenate the surrounding area. Connecting Nanjing West Road and Minsheng West Road, the facility has the potential to become an eco park while boosting commercial activities around Chifeng Street, Wunchang Temple, and a number of cultural spots where youths congregate. In response to concerns about the future of Zhongshan underground book street, the deputy mayor remarked that the book street will undergo a facelift as part of the project, but that 85- percent will be retained.  Chen believes that once the park undergoes renovation, it will become a new landmark of Taipei. He added that the city government has endeavored to beautify the capital with efforts in breathing new life into various tourist spots spanning Taipei Expo Park, Taipei Railway Station, and the west district. He hopes that Taipei will transform into a metropolis with more vivid images and enhanced cityscape.Angela Soong, leader of the project, pointed out that there will be seven thematic zones covering approximately 2 hectares. With an overall cost of NT$100 million, the project will see Zhongshan underground book street overhauled by July this year and the whole construction is slated for completion by August next year, noted Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press conference organized by E.SUN FHC to announce the corporations ban on the use of disposable utensils and melamine utensils. The company is the first financial enterprise in Taipei to implement the policy promoted by city hall.During his address, the mayor expressed his gratitude to the company. He hopes that more companies will join the ranks of policy supporters, since the move will help improve Taiwans air quality, thereby benefiting all of the inhabitants on the island.According to the mayor, the incineration of waste materials often results in the release of PM 2.5 and dioxin into the atmosphere. Rather than smoking, this is the primary culprit for making lung cancer the first place on the top 10 list of leading causes of death.Therefore, he believes in adopting the 3R method to safeguard public health  reduction, reuse, and recycle. He proposed starting with reducing the amount of waste produced and reusing waste that can be reused. Finally, the implementation of recycling also maximizes the value of all items. The implementation of these policies will require the support of citizens.Ko stressed that Taipeis implementation approach is to start from the inside and expand outward, beginning with the public sector and promoting them to private sector partners. Statistics from within the city government showed an 80-percent reduction of recycled papers and 67-percent drop in plastic wastes compared to the same period last year. 
On May 1, City Spokesperson Liu Yi-ting announced that Mayor Ko Wen-je has chosen Chen Ssu-yu for the role of Deputy Spokesperson of city hall.Chen served at Taipei City Government Secretariats Media Affairs Division before taking on her new role.According to Liu, Ko places great emphasis on maintaining relationships with the media. The task is assigned to Chen as a way to encourage aspiring young people. Chen will assist the spokesperson in handling public announcements. Liu noted that the city government will adjust its announcement mechanism regarding issues of city agencies as well as major policies. Further discussion will be needed before details of adjustments are made public.Liu added that Chen became familiar with city policy marketing and built media relationships during her stint in the Department of Information and Tourism. Since 2017, she has developed smooth communication channels with the mayor and commissioners of city agencies when working at the Media Affairs Division. He believes Chens experience will help clarify city policies to the public.  
The  much-anticipated city-sponsored singles events program is here again! Department of Civil  Affairs (DCA) announced that a total of six singles events will take place  between May 20 and October 15 this year. Application for the first session  starts today. Those longing for love should not miss out on the opportunity to  find their potential partner.    According to DCA  Commissioner Lan Shih-tsung, the agency has been conducting the program since  2012 and seen 17 matched couples tie the knot. The organizer will ensure the safety  of the events and the eligibility of participantsonly those whose marital  status is single are able to participate. The fact that the program is  completely free of charge has also contributed to its increasing  popularityeven attracting the attention of parents who are eager to marry off  their children. DCA noted that the  majority of participants in past events are 30 to 39 years of age regardless of  gender, with occupations spanning engineering, service industry, government  employees, information technology, and others.  Qualified  applicants should be singles twenty-years-old or above, who either work, study,  or are domiciled in Taipei. For more information and registration, please visit  the Chinese activity website (http://love.civil.taipei/) or call the  information hotline for the event (TEL: 02-5559-2450). 2017 DCA Singles Events     Event Date Registration Period No. of Participants Location   May 20 (Sat.) May 2 - 10 120 White Rock    Organic Farm (Neihu)   June 17 (Sat.) May 23 - June 6 100 Wesley Grove The    Methodist (Yangmingshan)   July 15 (Sat.) June 20  July 4 100 Asia Pacific Eco    Park (Linkou)   August 27 (Sun.) August 1 - 15 120 Resort One Hotel    (Yilan)   September 16    (Sat.) August 22     September 5 100 Rosa Garden    (Taoyuan)   October 15    (Sun.) September 12 -    26 100 Taipei Confucius    Temple   
On April 29, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the inauguration ceremony for the city-designated historical site Zhongshan Art Housethe former venue for a job search office during the Japanese Colonial Period and the former office for the Department of Health. According to the mayor, Zhongshan Art House will serve as a place for holding history-themed guided tours and where physically-challenged artists will be given priority to set up exhibitions or performances. He expressed his gratitude to the Department of Social Welfare and Children Are Us Foundation for remodeling the facility for the benefit of the disadvantaged. The government needs strong support from the private sector to promote social welfare, Ko stressed.Noting that he was impressed with the opening dance at the event performed by a group of hearing-impaired artists, Ko believes that the venue will allow the disabled to showcase their talents, as well as displaying paintings or handicrafts by handicapped artisans thereby boosting their potential income.The mayor reckoned that the transformation of Zhongshan Art House is part of the city governments effort to manage the rich historical assets of Taipei. More than 80 city-owned sites of historical significance have yet to undergo adaptive reuse, despite the successful but slow implementation of Department of Cultural Affairs Old House Project.                             
With the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei taking place between August 19 and 30 in Taipei, BMW Taiwan (UPGO) will supply 200 all-new, 7-series BMW vehicles to provide shuttle services for FISU members, heads of delegations, and over 300 VIPs during the games.In addition, BMW Taiwan will also sponsor costs such as license tax, fuel tax, compulsory insurance, and national highway tolls, as well as the Universiade car decal placed on the cars frame. The overall support provided by the company exceeds NT$170 million in value.  During his address at the press conference, Mayor Ko Wen-je expressed his gratitude to BMW Taiwan for providing 200 BMW vehicles to the Universiade Organization Committee for transportation of guests, creating a positive impression during their visit in Taipei.The Vice President of BMW Taiwans business office Wu Han-ming remarked that the upcoming Summer Universiade will be the biggest international sports tournament to take place in Taiwan. Through the 200 7-series vehicles, he hopes that the guests and VIPs at the games will be able to experience the sheer driving pleasure promoted by BMW.Known as a leading luxury car brand, BMW has sponsored major sports events around the world, including the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich and the 2012 Summer Olympics and Paralympics in London.Since its founding in 1972, the group has served as the local importer of BMW. The company shares a common belief with BMW Germany and proactively takes on the social responsibilities of businesses, contributing to efforts in education and environmental protection.
The Department of Economic Development has kicked off the Taipei International Design Award 2017. Entries will be accepted between April 28 and July 28.Entering its tenth year, the Award will include Social Design as a new category, joining existing categories such as Industrial Design, Visual Communication Design, and Public Space Design. The new addition seeks to encourage reflections on the role of design in society, inviting designers to use design as a tool to help solve problems facing modern society and urban city dwellers. Whats more, the judge panel will honor one of the entries with the Taipei City Mayor Award. The winner will be chosen from across all categories, being the one which is considered to make the greatest contribution to cities and of special significance. Over the years, the city government has endeavored to reinvent Taipei as a city with forward-thinking designs, in the spirit of Design for an Adaptive City. With that in mind, Taipei International Design Award is recognized by three major global design organizations: World Design Organization, International Council of Design, and International Federation of Interior Architects/Designers.In 2016, the Award attracted over 4,000 submissions from 60 countries and areas. The judge panel comprises at least 20 most prominent figures in the global design scene, strengthening the reputation of the Award as a distinguished design platform. For details of Taipei International Design Award 2017, please visit the official website (http://www.taipeidaward.taipei/en/index2.aspx) or call 02-2698-2989, ext. 2642.
With the 2017 Summer Universiade around the corner, Bravo has decided to take up residence at Taipei Railway Station to welcome visiting guests! The Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) continues its effort to improve the appearance of the city by overhauling roads, pedestrian islands, traffic circles, and public green spaces with flowers and plants that convey the vitality of summer, creating a number of Bravos to greet visitors.Director Huang Li-yuan of PSLO noted that to strengthen the image of the events host city, the agency has strengthened effort to implement green landscaping at major tourist attractions and transportation hubs around the city, such as planting society garlics near the entrance plaza of Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall and Wedding Street, as well as installing the plant sculpture of Bravo wielding a ribbon stick at Taipei Railway Station Plaza. Chief Su from the PSLO Horticulture Section pointed out that noted that the purple-color flower of society garlics resembles fireworks surrounded by other plants at the plaza. Meanwhile, the design of Bravo with the ribbon stick highlights the ribbon part constructed with Lego contrasting the furry body of the bear comprising shortleaf lilyturf, while the white V crest of the bear is made of striped bracketplant and the charming smile from dwarf rose-stripe stars.  The heated competition of the Summer Universiade will take place during summer, while the beautiful plants will welcome all the guests attending the tournament, conveying the image of beauty and power of Taipei to all visitors. 
The much sought-after MRT travel packages have arrived!With a purchase of the One-Day Pass, 24hr Taipei Metro Pass, 48hr Taipei Metro Pass, or 72hr Taipei Metro Pass, visitors will receive vouchers for Ice Monster, Kao Chi, Taipei 101 Shopping Mall, and Taipei 101 Observatory. The packages are available between April 28 and October 31. According to Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC), the Citys MRT is the top transportation choice for backpackers as a great number of tourist attractions are located along the MRT network. Visitors are encouraged to travel around Taipei using the MRT passes to enjoy unlimited rides during the given time. The pass denominations include NT$150 (One-Day Pass), NT$180 (24hr Taipei Metro Pass), NT$280 (48hr Taipei Metro Pass), and NT$380 (72hr Taipei Metro Pass). Details of the voucher program are as follows:*Taipei 101 Observatory: A 10-percent discount for the full-price ticket at the Observatory and a NT$50 discount for beverages at Taipei 101 Caf on the 5th floor. (Valid for one-time use)*Taipei 101 Shopping Mall: A voucher for a Sun Cake from Chen Yun Pao Chuan at the souvenir area located on the basement floor. Foreign visitors who apply for the Taipei 101 VIP Card can obtain a goodies bag at the information center on basement floor by showing the membership barcode.*Ice Monster: A voucher for two scoops of ice cream and a 15% discount for the whole range of products. (Valid for one-time use)*Kao Chi: A voucher can be exchanged for a steamed custard bun per individual. With a purchase of NT$1,000, diners can get an extra dish, chosen among Shanghai pan-fried stuffed bun, a set of xiaolongbao, or steamed shrimp dumplings.For inquiries on MRT passes, please call the 24 hour hotline (02)218-12345 or visit the TRTC website http://www.metro.taipei/ (Chinese). 
Since the opening of registrations for Rockin Universiade Taipei on April 11, the organizers received over 700 applications spanning schools, associations, and individuals. In addition, Taipei Philharmonic Orchestra also announced that they will join the performance, making the event a major performance spanning genres from rock-and-roll to classical music.At the event, audiences will be able to enjoy the live performance of the original piece I Am Here by celebrity bands such as The Chairman and Quarterback, in association with the members of Taipei Philharmonic Orchestra with Professor Paul T.C. Lin as the conductor.Founded in 1985, Taipei Philharmonic Orchestra is one of the most active classical orchestras in Taiwan. Under the leadership of former music director Henry Mazer, the orchestra has established a new page of history for the organization. Over the past twenty years, the orchestra visited locations including Canada, USA, Austria, France, Belgium, Sweden, Finland, Germany, Czech Republic, Estonia, Russia, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Greece, Norway, and Denmark. It is also the first orchestra from the Chinese world to perform at the Wiener Musikverein in Vienna.According to the Department of Information and Tourism, the objective for holding the Rockin Universiade Taipei is to raise the profile of the upcoming Universiade and attract the public to the events through the languages of music and sports, Rockin Universiade Taipei will take place at the Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall on Sunday, May 28. For more information, please visit: http://rock.2017.taipei/ (Chinese)
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a briefing on Beitou district administration and development projects during the City Executive Meeting at Beitou District Office on April 25.Regarding social welfare, Ko instructed the departments of social welfare and health to submit exact timetables for the construction of both Qiyan Lohas Building and the long-term care facility at Xiushan Elementary School. The senior dining program should continue, and Taipei City Hospital will seek cooperation with NTU Hospital, Mackay Memorial Hospital, and Tri-Service General Hospital to meet the needs of the elderly in the area regarding out-of-hospital care, Ko noted. Concerning tourism, Ko indicated that it is important to integrate Beitous tourism resources as local tourist attractions are under the jurisdiction of different authorities. The City will hold discussions with the central government and local civic groups on how to better promote the tourism resources of Beitou, which include Beitou Park, Taipei Public Library Beitou Branch, Beitou Hot Spring Museum, Plum Garden, Thermal Valley, Ketagalan Culture Center, Heart Village, Tri-Service General Hospital Beitou Branch, Beitou Studio, Beitou Old Taiwan Bank Dormitory, and Former Residence of Zhang Xueliang. According to Ko, a comprehensive transportation network is necessary to boost accessibility and connectivity among the tourist attractions in Beitou. The City will draft a plan that maximizes the use of the MRT, mini buses, and electric bikes, allowing visitors to move around in Beitou more easily. A sound transportation network will also help realize the vision of fenceless city museums which span the neighborhoods of Beitou, Dadaocheng, Bangka, and Chengnan. Afterwards, Ko visited the senior daycare center in Beitou, where he took a foot spa with the centers seniors. He also shared with the media his ideas on future plans for Beitou Ecological Park while visiting Taipei Public Library Beitou Branch. 
In the interest of promoting sustainability and responsible use of wetland resources, the city government has begun the drafting of Taipei City Wetland Protection Policy Guidelines.To ensure that future policy incorporates the needs of citizens and neighborhoods, the Public Works Department (PWD) organized three sessions of Taipei Wetland Conservation Workshop. These events attracted a total of 138 individuals from industries, city council, NGO groups, community colleges, and those concerned with the issue.With the last meeting concluding last Saturday at Shezidao, the meetings involved long sessions of brainstorming and yielded much common ground on issues ranging from plans on wetland space system and wise usage of wetland resources.According to PWD, the end of the discussion sessions signals the start of a new chapter. The agency will take in the opinions from all sectors and continue to encourage the public to participate and express their views, to make the guidelines more acceptable to everyone. The agency also expressed its gratitude to the participants who took time to discuss the topic and provide their insights.
Mayor Ko Wen-je took up the Best for Taipei Challenge at city hall on April 24, making Taipei the first in Asia to participate in the Best for City campaign initiated by U.S.-based B Lab. The campaign aims to promote better corporate management and business practices that can help make a positive impact on society.The challenge invites corporations to conduct self assessment with questions regarding employee care, environmental friendliness, and community engagement. Businesses will be able to examine its relationship with employees, the environment, and the community and make improvement accordingly. The challenge also presents an opportunity for companies to interact and learn from each other, striving to become businesses that are best for Taipei. According to Ko, the capital boasts a vibrant business environment with 220,000 companies. He hopes that corporations will work to improve the quality of life for their employees while seeking to maximize profits. Only when companies put the benefits of employees, communities, and the environment before themselves can Taipei transform itself into a sustainable and livable city.The mayor expressed his gratitude to Asia Pacific B Corp Association for introducing the event to Taipei. He noted that a total of 1,300 businesses with 65,000 employees signed up for the Best for New York campaign. Taiwan has seen the participation of 17 corporations, 7 of which are based in Taipei.The challenge is divided into two phases. Corporations registered in Taipei for over a year are invited to register for the challenge online by submitting the Quality Impact Assessment to advance to the second phase. They will then be asked to complete the Business Impact Analysis and receive a brief assessment over the telephone by B Lab. Those whose score place them in the top 25 percent of all participants will receive certification from the organizers as a Best for Taipei Corporation. To learn more about Best for Taipei, visit www.blab.tw/best-for-taipei or call (02)2325-0662. 
Taipei City Urban Regeneration Office (URO) announced that the 2017 Community Empowerment Expert Training Program is accepting applications now. An information session will be held 10 AM on April 29 at Taipei 2050 Vision Studio (B1, No. 2, Ln. 339, Changchun Rd.). Those interested are welcome to participate.To encourage participation in public affairs and realize the objective of community empowerment, the city government has been holding the program since 2015. The program will seek to equip people interested in the field with related skills and knowledge through classes focusing on urban and neighborhood issues. Over the past two years, the program has nurtured talent in community empowerment and generated a lot of discussion, for example creating friendly stores in Daan District, promoting government-driven urban renewal in Wanhua District, rejuvenating old street blocks in Nangang District, and building parks with urban traits in Zhongzheng District.Confronted with the rapid change in urban development, participants this year will be engaged in group brainstorming activities in the form of city lab to explore solutions to urban problems such as disaster prevention and aging society. Application ends at 6 PM, May 15. For application form download, visit the Chinese websites of http://taipeitransition.blogspot.tw/ or https://www.facebook.com/TaipeiTransition/ or call 02-2700-7055.
Mayor Ko Wen-je set out his ambitions to promote the smart city initiative at a press conference announcing the establishment Smart City Commerce Committee by Taipei Chamber of Commerce (TCOC) on April 21.The new committee will comprise four teams with members hailing from the industry, government, and academia, to deal with affairs concerning new retail, smart life services, industrial policies and law implementation, as well as international cooperation.  According to Ko, the committee will serve to overview collaborative projects between the public and private sectors and provide an experimental platform for businesses. The strategic approach will allow more efficient use of available resources to carry out smart city programs. The mayor reckoned that the smart city initiative encompasses three major areas: housing, transportation, and medical care. He has pledged to implement at least 18,000 public housing units during his tenure incorporating smart meters, smart grids, solar panels, and charging stations. It will create economies of scale conducive to industry development. On transportation, the MRT network, bus shelters, and street lights are where smart applications can be implemented. As to medical care, the City seeks to introduce intelligent technologies in hospice service, home care, and holistic health care Ko added that the government will endeavor to improve infrastructure as a foundation for promoting smart city policies. For example, the former location of Department of Labor will be transformed into a digital park dedicated to AR and VR applications.                        
To time with the Summer Universiade 2017, Department of Civil Affairs (DCA) is joining hands with twelve administrative district offices to hold four International Day events starting May.The events consist of 37 cultural performances, 230 stalls, 3 parades, and 9 exhibitions. The organizers hope that the programs, which boast the dynamic diversity of the capital, will add a festive feel to Taipei as it gears up for the international sports event in August. *Month of the AmericasOrganizers: Beitou, Zhongshan, and Shilin district officesDate: Sunday, May 7Venue: Taipei Expo Park Sea of Flower PlazaHighlights: American-style dances and music performance exhibitions on American cultures Latin American delicacies interactive games and quizzes *Riverside Jazz NightAfricaOrganizers: Songshan, Neihu, and Nangang district officesDate: Saturday, May 27Venue: Xikou WharfHighlights: djembe performances lion dances jazz gigs by local jazz bands and musicians from Mozambique and Australia outdoor fairs featuring stalls introducing Africa and Oceania *Europe in TaipeiOrganizers: Xinyi, Daan, Wenshan Date: Sunday, June 4Venue: Daan Forest ParkHighlights: Recreating scenes from courtyard gardens in Medieval Europe where visitors will be able to savor European food and watch live wind ensemble concerts as the nobles of the Middle Ages did.*Asian TourOrganizers: Datong, Wanhua, and Zhongzheng district officesDate: Saturday, June 24Venue: Dadaocheng WharfHighlights: costume runway show Bravo marketplace (exchanging points for snacks and Blue Highway tickets) and Bravo stage (exotic songs and dances as well as acrobatics) 
On April 20, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press conference announcing SOGO department stores decision to adopt the ban of disposable and melamine utensils.During his address, Ko expressed his gratitude to the department store for implementing the ban at all 8 branch stores and 153 restaurants and vendors  including dining facilities for employees and the food court.The mayor praised the leadership of SOGO department store for their forward-looking views and open attitude in supporting the city government in its policies on building a sustainable environment. He admitted that with the enterprises support, it will be easier for him to persuade other companies to join the rank and back the policy. He also understands that the biggest challenge is not the acquisition of dishwashers and reusable utensils, but to convince the employees of the values of environmental protection measures.Pointing out that Taipeis vision is to create a livable and sustainable city, Ko recalled that many people asked him why not set a fancier objective? He refused and stressed that livable means a place where people can live happily, while sustainable means paying attention to protecting the environment. Creating a place where the inhabitants can reside without worries will be sufficient. According to Ko, the key for implementing value-driven politics is to place the priority on values. What are the values which Taiwan is trying to achieve? He believes that the answers include democracy, freedom, rule of law, human rights, care for the disadvantaged, and sustainability. Sustainability means issues such as environmental protection and green energy.The city governments approach for implementing the disposable and melamine utensil ban is to start with itself before expanding outwards. In April 2016, the ban was enacted for city hall. It was expanded to city schools in August. The next step will be to convince private companies and enterprises. Over the past year, city hall successfully reduced 80-percent paper lunch boxes and 67-percent plastic containers.
To provide the public with a clearer map of the Citys bus service, the Public Transportation Office (PTO) announced that a new bus route classification system will be introduced to highlight the functions of different lines.The route network will be divided into rapid line, arterial line, branch line, and micro circle.For the arterial line, the first five routes to be established include Dunhua and Songjiang-Xinsheng (North-south direction), as well as Minsheng, Renai, and Neihu (East-west direction). Buses serving these routes include 285, 642, 518, 263, and 287. Services will operate on high frequency with a 4-6 min headway during peak hours and 5-10 min headway during non-peak hours on work days. The service will start in July, 2017. The buses running on arterial lines will be distinguished from other buses with enhanced designs on bus front route readers, bus exterior, bus stops, and bus map. A new logo will incorporate images of passengers, routes, and transferdisplaying the intimate relationship connecting the city, bus network, and people. The logo will appear in three colors to convey different meanings: blue representing arterial lines, green for greenness and beautiful life, and yellow standing for sunshine and hope. The arterial line will also carry various colors to signify the directions on which the buses operate green for north-south direction, blue for east-west direction, and yellow for the remaining services. 
The Public Transportation Office (PTO) has launched a project to beautify the Citys bus shelters, inviting art groups or students to provide artistic decorations for these facilities by incorporating local landscapes and cultural traits.The campaign will help reshape the image of Taipeis streets and enhance peoples aesthetics.According to PTO, the campaign builds on the success of last years initiative installing painted bus shelters which exhibit the theme of indigenous tribes across the Citys twelve administrative districts. Individuals, corporations, and schools are welcome to participate in the project, seeking to embellish 800 bus shelters. Those interested can also submit their proposals to the Department of Cultural Affairs through May 5 to apply for the 2017 Public Art Subsidy (Second Phase). Successful proposals may receive as high as 50 percent of the estimated expenditure (capped at NT$2.5 million). PTO also took the opportunity to announce that the Guidelines on Building or Adopting Bus Shelters has taken effect. The agency invites private sector groups or individuals to contribute by adopting or building these facilities as a way to boost social participation or improve corporate social responsibility.For info on applications, please contact Mr.Tsai at PTO (TEL: 02-2727-4168#8212).  
To celebrate the 1058th birthday of the Goddess Matsu, Songshan Ciyou Temple will kick-off a pilgrimage covering 13 boroughs on April 21 and 22. The participants of the event include 150 performance and vehicle teams, bringing the phenomenon of March Craze over Matsu to the streets of Taipei.In support of the Department of Civil Affairs (DCA) policy of reducing the use of firecrackers during pilgrimages, Ciyou Temple and 14 participating religious institutions drafted plans to take advantage of eco-firecracker vehicles to replace traditional fireworks for the upcoming event. These eco-firecracker vehicles broadcast the sound of different kinds of fireworks, including skyrocket firecracker, firecracker chains, and plain fireworks. The volume can be adjusted as desired to avoid causing excessive noise when the procession travels by facilities such as schools and hospitals.According to DCA Commissioner Lan Shih-tsung, past temple events tend to include igniting of firecrackers to symbolize welcome and to ward off evil. However, such practice not only affects the safety of households, but also leaves behind litter and pollutes the air. In addition, compared to the average cost of NT$150 per firecracker chain, the cost of broadcast by these vehicles is more affordable, helping to save money for event organizers.
Mayor Ko Wen-je launched the new version of the City s i-Voting online voting system in a press conference following the City Executive Meeting on April 18.Acknowledging flaws in the old system, Ko reckoned that the upgraded i-Voting mechanism has four characteristics: (1) The public are allowed to submit proposals in a bottom-up manner. (2) Proposals will not be made available on the voting system until discussions are conducted and opinion are exchanged regarding issues to be voted on. (3) The topics, which should concern the rights of residents and are under the jurisdiction of Taipei City Government, will be subject to review. (4) Results of the voting events will serve as a major source of reference for the city government. The mayor stressed that the i-Voting system for public affairs management is not meant to replace representative politics but to encourage public participation in political issues at a time when civic awareness is rising in Taiwan.    Ko admitted that efforts are needed to promote the voting mechanism to garner enough support and generate interest among the public if polling results are to be taken seriously. The city government will seek issues people are concerned about, for example ones regarding citizens life or rights, to attract more votes.Should the proposals submitted by the public be contradictory with the Citys policies, such as issues over pension reform and roadside parking fees, the mayor emphasized that factors of public opinions, professionalism, and values will weigh in when it comes to decision making.City agencies responsible for the implementation of i-Voting system added that an important feature of the upgraded system is the review process to examine feasibility of the proposals. A threshold of 3,000 online ballots within 60 days will be required for any proposal to advance to the review phase.
Mayor Ko Wen-je witnessed the placement of the last beam atop the main hall structure of Taipei Pop Music Centers North Base on April 19.Ko thanked Public Works Department and units involved in the construction of the edifice for their endeavor to ensure the project is carried out according to schedule, noting that the non-geometric design of the steel structure posed a great challenge to the construction team.   As an essential part of the East District Gateway Project, Taipei Pop Music Center will open its doors to the public no later than 2019, the mayor pointed out.Ko reckoned that the facility is established with a mission to drive forth the islands pop music and related industries. The Center boasts pavilions and zones of different capacities for various purposes, whether to hold performances or exhibitions. The biggest hall can accommodate up to 6,300 spectators.The mayor also envisioned the role of the venue as an incubation center for music talent, allowing for exchange between musical communities and providing a platform for innovative undertakings.      The South Base of Taipei Pop Music Center will be inaugurated months following the opening of the North Base, Ko noted.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the inauguration ceremony of Nangang Bus Station (West) on April 17. During his address, Ko pointed out that since Nangang Station entered service on Taiwan High Speed Rail system on July 1 last year, Nangang Bus Station has seen the cumulative ridership of TRA, THSR, and MRT exceed 13.5 million a month. The remarkable figure indicated that the transfer hub has helped lay the foundation for the Citys implementation of the East District Gateway Project.According to the mayor, approximately one-third of the Citys public buses operated on routes with a stop at Taipei Railway Station in the past, leading to traffic conjection around the area. The commencement of the Nangang Bus Station (West) serves to relieve some of the burden on the Citys road traffic, with two more bus stations to be constructed in Nangang.Ko noted that the establishment of the Nangang Bus Station (East) will involve land exchange with Legislative Yuan. The city government will issue a BOT tender notice online this August to seek collaboration with the private sector in implementing the project once the plan receives green light from Taipei City Council.The mayor also expressed his gratitude to Kuo-Kuang Motor Transport for its operation of Nangang Bus Station (West). He assured Kuo-Kuang Vice President Wang Ying-chieh of the Stations commercial potential, as Taipei Pop Music Center, National Biotechnology Research Park, and Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center are all slated for opening in the district within two yearspromising a boost in passenger flow at the transportation hub.
Do you know the origin of the famed Millennium Feast of Ningxia Night Market? Have you visited Taiwans longest book street that has undergone a facelift? Are you interested in trying out the art of tea blending to create your own flavored teas? Taipei City Office of Commerce (TCOOC) is organizing a mini travel program consisting of ten sessions on weekend afternoons for those who wish to savor the old aromas as well as the new flavors of Datong District.   The program--aimed at familiarizing the public with the eight commercial districts and Iron Street, Wood Street, as well as Zhongshan Book Street in Datong District--will take place between May 20 and October 28. The eight commercial districts are Dalongdong, Yuanshan, Daqiaotou Yansan, Dadaocheng, Ningxia, Chaoyang Garment Accessories Street, Station Rear, and Huayin. A total of five itineraries will be featured in the program, each comprising two sessions. Guides with professional backgrounds in history or local culture will lead participants on a journey to explore the various facets and characteristics of Datong District through visits to selected stores, temples, among other venues. Registration for the first to fourth sessions runs between April 18 and May 3, with results determined in a draw and published on May 10. Registration for the fifth to tenth sessions ends on June 30, with results published on July 20. Individuals picked from the draws will receive a souvenir provided by local stores. To sign up, visit https://goo.gl/8mlx2l or https://goo.gl/W1q7fB (for bloggers or media workers).More information about the mini travel program can be found at the Facebook fan page of TCOOC at http://www.facebook.com/tcooc (Chinese).
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a ceremony to unveil the new entrance installation at Ximending on April 16. Accompanied by Taipei Tainhou Temple President Huang Hsiu-fu and city councilors, Ko took a walk to the temple to pray to the patron goddess Matsu.During his address, the mayor noted that Taipei Tianhou Temple was a major sponsor for the 2017 Taipei Lantern Festival. Following the events conclusion, the City has been contemplating the possibility of installing lanterns which incorporate IT products as new landmarks for Ximending. The illuminous decorations will breathe new life into the west district when the City hosts festivals or receives foreign dignitaries in the future. Stressing that the Summer Universiade is the priority for Taipei this year, Ko estimated that the capital will see over 20,000 visitors from 150 countries comprising athletes, government officials and media attending the international sports event. He called upon businesses in Ximending to present the best of Taipei during the Universiade, helping to market Taipei and Taiwan to the world.KO added that the West District Gateway Project, which centers on North Gate, is slated for completion by the end of June, 2017. The area is set to become a new landmark of the island and a magnet for tourists. Speaking of the 2018 Taipei Lantern Festival, the mayor said the showcase will take place at Ximending again. However, the exact plans have not yet been finalized.  
Co-organized by the city government, Niantic, and members from the local gaming communities, the Mission Day Taipei took place at Taipei Travel Plaza in the morning of April 15.The event attracted over 2,000 players of the game Ingress from Taiwan and nearby Japan, South Korea, and Hong Kong.During his opening address, Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji called upon the players to collect beautiful scenarios this time instead of catching monsters. He also expressed his gratitude to the Department of Information Technology and the Department of Information and Tourism for supporting this event.According to Teng, the game which utilizes real world maps and virtual reality encourages players to come out and explore different neighborhoods. With Taipeis thorough public transportation network covering buses, trains, and bicycles, players will have no problem traveling to the different destinations to achieve their objectives. The city government seeks to expand the scale of local e-sport market through supporting video game-related events, working together with industry members to transform Taipei into a city of video gaming and e-sport.In addition, the live-streaming company Twitch provided live-broadcast of the event in Chinese, English, Japanese, and Korean for players who were unable to attend Mission Day Taipei. 
The Department of Transportation (DOT) announced that the City is contemplating plans on re-introducing the free for the first 30 minutes of use measure for the YouBike public bicycle rental system. Riders will have to transfer to a public transportation means within one hour of the ride to enjoy the offer.According to DOT, the no charge for the first half hour of YouBike use measure was canceled in April 2015 in light of growing usage of the system and growing popularity among the public. The adjustment has led to changes in peoples purpose of YouBike utilization  from recreation to commuting. This behavior change indicates that the goal of YouBike as a connection to the Citys public transportation system has been acheived.To further encourage the use of green transportation and promote a sustainable environment, the city government is planning to bring back the preferential offer for commuters who transfer to the MRT or public buses within one hour of their YouBike ride. As the change will involve system modifications across the YouBike, buses, MRT, and transport ticketing corporations, as well as administrative assistance from New Taipei, the exact date for measure implementation will be announced in the future, DOT noted.
With the upcoming 2017 National High School Athletic Games in Changhua, the events torch arrived at Taipei City Halls West Entrance Plaza at 9:15AM on April 13. The dignitaries welcoming the torch include Deputy Commissioner of Education Hung Che-i and Universiade mascot Bravo.According to Hung, the Department of Education held the Taipei High School Athletic Games and 15 Education Cup tournaments to select over 1,300 athletes across 17 competition categories to serve as the Citys representatives.He looks forward to the outstanding performances of Taipeis members at the National High School Games in Changhua, helping Taipei to claim its position as first place in the nation.The torch made its way from Fuhe Junior High School in New Taipei City to Taipowers Taipei City Service Center, stopping at Taipei City Hall along the way. The torch was delivered from the hands of Fuhe Junior High School athletes to the deputy commissioner and Bravo. The torches were later given to athletes from Songshan High School of Commerce and Home Economics to be delivered to the destination at the intersection of Nangang Road and Minquan Road.Following the brief stop in Taipei, the torch will travel through Yilan, Hualian, Taitung, Pingtung, Kaohsiung, Tainan, Chiayi, and Yunlin. The relay will conclude in Changhua for the start of the six-day-long 2017 National High School Athletic Games on April 22. 
The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) announced that applications for the Citys tourism event subsidy program for the second half of 2017 will be accepted between May 1 and 20. According to TPEDOIT, the planned events must take place between July and December in Taipei this year. The city government will prioritize projects carried out in line with the citys policies with a subsidy covering as much as 50 percent of the overall cost. Examples of events include those promoting the historic district, riverbanks, or integrating accommodation packages. The respective events should carry themes spotlighting customs, festivals, or local traits, while seeking to boost the number of visitors to Taipei and foster tourism development. The amount of subsidy will be determined by a review committee based on factors such as the events scale, influence, significance, among other indicators.TPEDOIT added that extra administrative resources and assistance will be available for the approved projects if they have the potential to arouse discussions among the public. The approach is expected to create synergy for the tourism industry through public-private partnership. To apply, please visit https://www.e-services.taipei.gov.tw (Chinese) to learn more about the requirements of the program and download application forms.  
In addition to those at city greens, the rhododendrons at Taipeis riverside parks are also in full bloom during the month of April! According to the Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO), over 70-percent of these flowers at both Yanping Riverside Park and Shuangxi Riverside Park are in full bloom.The River Administration Division of the agency pointed out that the rhododendron groves at the riverside parks are planted along the levees and next to the riverside bike lanes. For those visiting Yanping Riverside Park to view the flowers, they are located along the path between Dadaocheng wharf and Dunhuang Floodgate. Visitors entering Shuangxi Riverside Park can find the blooming groves in the area between Shuangxi Bridge and Shilin Bridge. Rhododendrons are known for their strong vitality, which allows the flower to withstand draught and resist high humidity, therefore being able to grow under either the blazing sun or shades of tall trees. Its roots are able to cling strongly to the surface, while small hairs cover the leaves of these plants, allowing them to adapt to the polluted air of the urban environment. In addition to its role in adjusting moisture, these hair-like structures filter the air by trapping dust.  April is the best time to enjoy rhododendrons given the warm weather and blooming season. HEO welcomes the public to come to the riverside and enjoy these wonderful sights of Mother Nature.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended an interpellation session and delivered an administrative report at Taipei City Council on April 11. He reassured city councilors that the City will endeavor to secure budget from the central government for the implementation of construction plans related to Taipei as part of the Executive Yuans Forward-looking Infrastructure Development Program.During his report, the mayor set forth four major core values and eight guidelines based on which to implement the Citys policies. The core values are integrity and honesty teamwork openness and sharing, and innovation. The guidelines include: creating a sustainable environment pursuing sound urban development achieving cultural diversity optimizing labor utilization strengthening social support improving education system enhancing citizens health and wellbeing, and realizing good governance.     According to Ko, the priority for the city administration this year is the Summer Universiade. To date, a total of 147 countries have expressed their interest in participating in the event. Hopefully the objective of 150 countries will be reached before the event commences. He added that preparations for Universiade venues are well on schedule.The mayor also touted the results of his Southeast Asian trip, including the signing of MOUs with Selangor of Malaysia on industry exchange, inking of agreements to further cultural ties with Bangkok, and establishing student exchange programs with Indias IT institutions.Regarding issues that city councilors are mostly concerned with, such as the Forward-looking Infrastructure Development Program, Taipei Dome, and incentives for housing on residential purposes, Ko noted that Deputy Mayor Deng Chia-ji will provide detailed reports to the city council caucuses in meetings to be arranged.   
Following the City Executive Meeting on April 11, Mayor Ko Wen-je took time to attend the press conference for the 2017 Rockn Taipei at city hall. He expressed his support for the young inspired composer Lin-yi and watched the documentary on how other professional composers worked with him to create a song.The mayor noted that Lin is a 10-year-old inflicted with cerebral paralysis and physical impairment with all four limbs. However, the young boy is determined in doing what he enjoys. He composed three songs and submitted them to the Summer Universiade in Taipei Theme Song Contest. After learning about Lins story, a group of professional musicians visited Lin at his home in Taichung and taught him how to compose songs and arrange the scores. The end result is the song I am here! The song reflects the theme that we are here and that Taiwan is here.Ko pointed out that the slogan of the upcoming Universiade is competing at home, since it is one of the rare opportunities for Taiwan to host such an important international sports event. In the past, young athletes have to travel abroad to take part in major international competitions, but this time they can stay home and participate. He also invited young athletes from around the world to realize their dreams in Taiwan. At the end of his speech, the mayor mentioned that the 2017 Rockn Taipei will take place at the Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall on May 28. He hopes that individuals interested in rock music will attend the activity and root for Lin in realizing his dream. 
With the Summer Universiade 2017 picking up momentum, the Department of Civil Affairs (DCA) has teamed up with the twelve district offices to hold the Universiade Theme Song Dance Competition.  Registration is accepted between April 10 and 28. The much-anticipated theme song for the sports event was released on March 27. Entitled Embrace the World, the upbeat melody incorporates a great deal of indigenous elements. The well-known street dancer Ben Hsu (Akuma Diva) has been invited by the City to choreograph dance moves for the chorus parti u giugi senasena imeaning lets sing and dance in the language of the Paiwan tribe.  According to the organizers, contestants will have to perform a dance based on the theme song. The dance can be of any style or category however, dancers are required to perform the movements and step sequence designed by Ben Hsu for the chorus part.  Those interested should register for the competition at the respective district offices. A team should comprise at least two members. Champions emerging from the district-level competitions will receive a prize of NT$10,000 each before advancing to the city-level competition in June, which offers awards up to NT$50,000! For more information on the competition or application form download, please visit the Chinese websites of DCA (http://ca.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=285035719&ctNode=38628&mp=102001) or district offices.    District Contact Number Website   Songshan 02-8787-8787,        Ext. 826 http://ssdo.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=284157855&ctNode=45083&mp=124011 (Chinese)   Xinyi 02-2723-9777,       Ext. 800 http://xydo.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=284196776&ctNode=3501&mp=124091 (Chinese)   Daan 02-2351-1711,        Ext. 8211 http://dado.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=284222558&ctNode=3952&mp=124021 (Chinese)   Zhongshan 02-2503-1369,        Ext. 504 http://zsdo.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=285019825&ctNode=38681&mp=124041 (Chinese)   Zhongzheng 02-2341-6721,       Ext. 248 http://zzdo.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=284146944&ctNode=43700&mp=124101 (Chinese)   Datong 02-2597-5323,       Ext. 605 http://www.dtdo.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=283423232&ctNode=4191&mp=124031 (Chinese)   Wanhua 02-2306-4468,       Ext. 114 http://whdo.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=284113512&ctNode=31575&mp=124111 (Chinese)   Wenshan 02-2936-5522,       Ext. 214 http://wsdo.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=283896237&CtNode=94251 (Chinese)   Nangang 02-2783-1343,        Ext. 845 http://ngdo.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=285020245&ctNode=76384&mp=124061 (Chinese)   Neihu 02-2792-5828,       Ext. 231 http://tcgwww.taipei.gov.tw/ct.asp?xItem=285019290&ctNode=68088&mp=124051 (Chinese)   Shilin 02-2882-6200,       Ext. 6011 http://sldo.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=281608689&ctNode=43655&mp=124071 (Chinese)   Beitou 02-2891-2105,        Ext. 219 http://btdo.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=283561114&ctNode=31570&mp=124081 (Chinese)   
The groundbreaking ceremony for the new office building of Taipei City Police Departments (TCPD) Criminal Investigation Division (CID) took place on April 10. Presided over by Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji, the ceremony was attended by dignitaries including Legislative Yuan members and Taipei City Councilors, as well as city officials from TCPD, CID, Public Works Department, and New Construction Office.The site of the new building is located at the intersection of Chongqing North Road and Liangzhou Street in Datong District. The building, taking up 2546.88 square meters in area, will have 17 floors aboveground and five basement floors. The design of the new office building takes into account the office space required for work and area to accommodate visitors. Facilities include an information room specialized in cybercrime prevention, a storage and management room for crime scene investigation equipment, and well-equipped interrogation room. The integrating of both the buildings indoor and outdoor spaces takes into account the surrounding urban sceneries, creating an edifice that corresponds with the cultural characteristics of Datong District.  
With the advent of the firefly mating season, the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) is working with Wenshan Community College to organize guided tours at Muzha Parks Cui Lake between 6:45 PM and 8:15 PM from April 15 through May 7.According to PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan, an increasing number of glowworms have been spotted at Cui Lake after nightfall, indicating the increase of breeding activities among the insect population. Noting that the best time for firefly watching is between 6 PM and 7 PM, Huang invites the public to visit Muzha Park and enjoy a night of breezes and magical glow.  Nangang Park Management Center pointed out that during the breeding season, street lighting will be reduced in the vicinity of Cui Lake to boost the survival rate of firefly larvae. A number of volunteers will guide visitors starting at the entrance of the Cui Lake eco-rehabilitation area.  Individuals interested in the tours should take note of the four principles: no capture of glowworms no use of flashlights no disturbance and follow the tour path. No preregistration is required for the activity. PSLO would like to thank Wenshan Community College, Daan Forest Park Foundation, and the Society of Wilderness for their effort in injecting biodiversity into Cui Lake. The International Firefly Symposium 2017 will take place in Taipei between April 24 and 26. 
At the invitation of the Journalist magazine, Mayor Ko Wen-je addressed the audience at the companys 30th anniversary celebration on April 9.During his speech, the mayor talked about some of the core values of city administration and how they were implemented in the form of concrete policies. He insisted that remaining true to the values is more important than the policies. Setting forth his vision of transforming Taipei into a city with innovative developments, Ko hopes that the actions of his administrative team will be able to change Taipei and Taiwan. He concluded his speech by noting that human beings are great because of the dreams they possess, and the only difference between success and failure is ones will.The mayor emphasized the values of honesty, openness, sharing, innovation, and teamwork. Placing utmost importance on the virtues of honesty and integrity, the mayor remarked that there is nothing that angers him more than applying for additional budget. He believes that such action is leaving debts for future generations. After reprimanding several staff members who propose such actions, no one dares to bring up this issue again. It has saved roughly NT$50 billion for the city coffer in the past two years.  Speaking about his recent trip to Southeast Asia, the mayor remarked that upon his return, he realized that there are many values of Taiwan which we should be proud of: freedom, democracy, diversity, and openness. What we take for granted in our daily life may be subjects of envy for other countries. Yet, he also pointed out several hazards, such as the rule of law, lack of spirit in public service, lack of logical reasoning, and fear of innovation.Ko stressed that as a sea-faring nation, adventure and risk-taking should be Taiwans core values. Only by advancing without fear of setbacks can the country succeed. The only difference between success and failure is the will.
The Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) announced that the City will make it mandatory for supermarkets, convenience stores, and retailors to provide reusable shopping-turned-trash bags as early as January 1, 2018. The policy will be implemented in line with the Environmental Protection Administrations amendment for a regulation restricting the use of plastic shopping bags taking effect on March 31, 2016. According to DEP, consumers will be able to purchase shopping bags that can be reused as government-approved trash bags for disposing of household waste once the new law takes effect. DEP noted that the city government has promoted the policy since 2013, helping to reduce the consumption of plastic bags by 3.28 million to date. However, the amount is far from ideal: supermarkets, convenience stores, and retailers in Taipei account for the use of 25 million plastic bags a year. On March 22, an information session has been organized to educate stores and businesses on the new policy. DEP pointed out that the new plastic bag-reused-as-trash bag will have a new design, hoping to rid the stereotypical trash container image. Businesses are offered two options: either selling bags authorized by DEP or manufacturing bags themselves which meet government standards and carries an authentication label. The new measure is expected to bring a positive effect on plastic reduction, cutting the number of plastic bags by 20 million per year the combined height exceeding 5 Taipei 101 skyscrapers.  
The Department of Transportation (DOT) announced that in support of Taipeis Green Transportation Day policy, UUPON Inc. has introduced the 2017 Friday/Green Transportation Day Point Collection Campaign. The event lasts from April 1 through December 31, 2017.During the event period, individuals taking public transportation (MRT, public bus, or YouBike) between 6 AM and 9 AM on Friday will receive 2 UUPON points per ride.In addition, E.Sun Bank-EasyCard Co-branded Credit Card holders will be awarded 4 UUPON points per trip on the aforementioned public transportation means during the given time. If the same credit card is used at FamilyMart, Hi-Life, or OK-Mart for purchases of NT$1,000 or more during the same month which includes a single trip on Taipeis public transportation, the card-holder will earn an additional 30 UUPON points.  The previous Friday/Green Transportation Day Point Collection Campaign, held between December 30, 2016 and March 31, 2017, has won wide acclaim from the public. Having seen significant growth in the points distributed for Green Friday rides, UUPON Inc. hopes to continue the trend of public transportation utilization, thereby contributing to the creation of a sustainable environment. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a briefing by Taipei City Fire Department (TCFD) on the equipment at the newly-established Forward Command Post. He also took the opportunity to inspect the Citys disaster preparedness during a simulated disaster relief operation on April 5. According to the mayor, TCFD is Taipeis equivalent of the US Federal Emergency Management Agency, responsible for disaster mitigation and response. He instructed TCFD Commissioner Wu Chun-hong to conduct multiple drills. The performances will be used as references for future improvements, making Taipei a safer place.Ko pointed out that both the fatal crash of TransAsia Airways Flight 235 and the Formosa Fun Coast Explosion in 2015 prompted the city government to review its disaster relief capabilities. The administration decided that a mobile command post would be necessary, in addition to establishing the Emergency Operation Center (EOC).Embodying the concept of putting everything on the wheel, the forward command post is a vehicle equipped with gear for immediate relief work, including medical, ITC, lighting, and power generating devices, Ko noted. In the event of an emergency, the mayor will serve as commander at the EOC while either the deputy mayor or the head of TCFD coordinates on-scene relief work utilizing the forward command post.The mayor stressed that a series of test runs are needed to perfect the operations of the new disaster response unit. He remarked that the city government will continue to dispatch TDFD personnel abroad to acquire disaster prevention experiences and new techniques from other countries.  
The 2017 Earth Day Run will take place at 6 AM on April 9. The event will start from Ketagalan Boulevard and passing through Renai Road, Jinshan S. Road, Xinsheng Overpass, Binjiang Street, and ending at the riverside park.In light of this, the Police Department has announced the following traffic control measures during the run:(1)	Ketagalan Boulevard (section between Chongqing S. Road and Gongyuan Road): Four lanes on the south side will close between 10 PM and 11:59 PM on April 8. All lanes will close between midnight and 10 AM on April 9.(2)	Huaining Street (section between Baoqing Road and Guiyang Street): All lanes closed between midnight and 10 AM on April 9.(3)	Gongyuan Road (section between Xiangyang Road and Guiyang Street): All lanes closed between 5:50 AM and 6:50 AM on April 9.(4)	Zhongshan S. Road (Jingfu Gate Traffic Circle): Traffic circle lanes closed from 5:50 AM to 6:50 AM on April 9.(5)	Ketagalan Boulevard (section from Gongyuan Road to Zhongshan S. Road): All lanes closed between 5:50 AM and 7:30 AM on April 9.(6)	Renai Road (section from Zhongshan S. Road to Jinshan S. Road): Central lane closed from 5:50 AM to 7:30 AM on April 9.(7)	Jinshan S. Road (section from Renai Road to Jinan Road): Two northbound inner lanes will be closed from 5:50 AM to 7:30 AM on April 9.(8)	Xinshang Overpass: All northbound lanes closed from 4 AM to 8 AM on April 9. All southbound lanes closed between Tonghe Street ramp and Binjiang Street ramp) between 5 AM and 8 AM on the same day.(9)	Binjiang Street (from Xinsheng N. Road to Ji-10 Floodgate): Two lanes on the north side will be closed from 5:50 AM to 8 AM on April 9.All vehicle movement will be banned at traffic control area. Bus stops in the affected areas will also be suspended. Please refer to the Chinese website of Public Transportation Office (http://www.pto.gov.taipei/) for further details. 
To mark Tomb Sweeping Day, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited Fude Public Cemetery to attend a scripture reading ritual on April 4. He took the opportunity to inspect the operations of MRT Muzha Line and tomb sweeping shuttle service, as well as visiting Yongai Tree Burial Park, PM2.5 Zone, and Pet Memorial Park.  The mayor, following a quiz session on air pollution and green funerals, noted that promoting eco-friendly burials serves to demonstrate Taipeis determination to become a civilized city. Meanwhile, the city government will seek to reduce the use of ghost money and incense among the public for the cause of environmental protection. The replacing joss paper with rice measure will be actively implemented by the city government next year, Ko added.  Elaborating on his support for eco funerals, Ko reckoned that the City encourages all kinds of funeral types that help minimize the impact on the environment, be it tree, flower, or sea burials.   As land resources become ever more scarce, it is increasingly difficult to find available land for building graves and even cremation urn towers. The mayor also urged the public to store cremated remains of family members in the same place, so as to maximize the use of urn towers.   
To accommodate the needs of the elderly and the physically-challenged as well as to realize the vision of accessible living environment, Urban Regeneration Office (URO) announced that the City is now accepting subsidy applications for old buildings to install elevators. The program is valid between April 5 and December 29, 2017  According to URO, apartments at least 20 years old and under six floors are eligible to apply. The application requires an elevator installation permit issued by Construction Management Office and approval by all property owners of the condominium in question. However, in the case when the applicant is the building management committee, the application can be filed without approval by all property owners, but with an affidavit assuring that any illegal structures or construction obstacles will be removed. The affidavit shall be provided by the management committee executing decisions made during the unit owner assembly.The maximum amount of subsidy is NT$3 million and shall not exceed 50 percent of the overall cost of the installation project. The amount of subsidy can be increased to 75 percent if the building in question is located in urban renewal areas designated by the city government.To learn more about the subsidy program, please contact Tsuei Ma Foundation for Housing and Community Service (02-2365-8140, ext. 231) or URO (02-2781-5696, ext. 3156~3159). Relevant information can also be found on http://uro.gov.taipei/ (Chinese).
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) will join Department of Cultural Affairs in holding the MRT Rider Youth Concert at Qixing Park, 2:30 PM on April 2, to mark the inauguration of the Xinbeitou Railway Station.The concert will feature singers and music groups of the new generation, including PiA, UrbanCat, TaiKo Eletro Company, and Men Envy Children Band. Two champion groups of the 2016 Metro Street Dance Competition will also bring to the audience the most vigorous and sprightly dance performances!Interested individuals are invited to take the MRT to the Xinbeitou Station. The concert that takes place at the grassland of the Qixing Park will promise a feast of music in a cozy environment. 	 For more information about the event, call the TRTC 24-hour hotline at (02) 218-12345, visit the TRTC website (http://www.metro.taipei/) or the Facebook fan page of the Xinbeitou Railway Station (https://www.facebook.com/welcomehomeBTtrainstation/) 
Mayor Ko Wen-je met with his counterpart of North Delhi Dr. Sanjeev Nayyar on his first official visit to India on March 30.Ko remarked that Taiwan and India need to strengthen relationship and boost tourism ties, citing statistics that the island saw a lackluster performance of tourist arrivals from the South Asian country in 2016 with only 32,000.   In addition to conducting tourism and administrative exchanges, Ko noted that the main purpose of this trip is to explore opportunities in industrial cooperation, as Taiwan is home to some of the worlds top computer manufacturers while India boasts a giant pool of software talent.    Representatives from the IT industry of both sides will be able to exchange opinions and discuss topics regarding cooperation in hardware and software. Ko took the opportunity to invite Indian students to study information and computer science in Taiwan, believing that the two sides will benefit from closer connections and interactions in the IT industry.Dr. Nayyar pointed out that India currently has 350,000 medical students. Taipei and Delhi can start with short-tem exchange programs in the medical field before furthering efforts in other areas. Taipei's Deputy Mayor Charles Lin added that Indian officials are welcome to visit Taipei, which is known for its implementation of smart city policies as well as achievements in sewage and waste management. 
On March 29, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited the Marble Temple (Wat Benchamabophit) in Bangkok on the fourth day of his Southeast Asian trip. The mayor was impressed with the skeletal statue of Gautama Buddha at the temple, reckoning that its ascetic image reveals the true meaning and philosophy of Buddhism. Home to a great number of Buddhist temples, Thailand has long been a popular destination for Taiwanese tourists enthusiastic about temples and palaces, Ko noted. Drawing parallels between the Southeast Asian country and the island, Ko believes that Taiwan can also use its abundant temple resources to lure Thai visitors, for example Taipeis Longshan Temple and Hsin Tian Kong (Xingtian Temple).  The mayor took the opportunity to stress the importance of promoting tourism for Taiwan when the island is confronted with economic challenges. As Southeast Asia holds strategic significance for Taiwan on social development and economic growth, the government should take measures to tap into the Southeast Asian market. After Taiwan granted visa-free privileges to Thailand in August, 2016, the island has seen a remarkable 80 percent monthly growth of tourist arrivals from the country between August last year and February, 2017. Ko called for further relaxation of rules among other measures to appeal to Thai people, noting that Taipei is seizing the opportunity of hosting the Summer Universiade to boost tourism, with 12 themed itineraries launched to attract international athletes visiting the island during the sports event.    
Department of Sports (DOS) is launching the Sports Knowledge Activities and Lectures program for the fourth consecutive year in April. To time with the Summer Universiade in August, the program will feature three themes and five characteristics, seeking to help cultivate the habit of exercise among the public through holding classes across the Citys 12 administrative districts.  According to Sports Administration, the percentage of Taipeis population who exercise regularly is higher than national average. The number of people engaged in regular physical activity is expected to increase as DOS has been actively holding a variety of sports related classes every year. DOS Commissioner Jeng Fang-gan pointed out that this year the program will introduce before-and-after measurement services to participants, allowing them to learn about the positive effects of exercise.The program encompasses family classes that encourage parents to exercise with their kids, women-only courses highlighting fitness training and circuit weight training, as well as lectures educating people on the correct attitude towards exercise and methods to prevent sports injuries.  To sign up for the classes in April, please visit the Facebook fan page of allcrazyforsport at: (https://www.facebook.com/allcrazyforsport/photos/a.979099592130296.1073741828.954828977890691/1540696579303925/?type=3&theater)
On March 28, Mayor Ko Wen-je signed an MOU with Thailand Creative & Design Center (TCDC), paving the way for future cooperation and exchange in cultural and creative industries between the two sides. Under the supervision of Office of the Prime Minister, TCDC is arguably the most important cultural hub of Thailand with the support of the central government. The Songshan Cultural and Creative Park (SCCP) in Taipei also enjoys a prominent status as a venue to showcase Taiwans cultural prowess. The MOU allows the two institutions to conduct exchanges and engage in collaborative projects, Ko remarked.	The mayor noted that the City is contemplating about plans to extend the cultural cluster centered on SCCP, space of which has been fully utilized, to include the adjacent Taipei Railway Workshop. TCDC will serve as a source of reference when the city government seeks to draw lessons from foreign countries in implementing related policies.Ko added that efforts to promote creative activities take time to bear fruit. The MOUs signing signifies the establishment of a platform where Taipei and Thailand can exchange talent and ideas through holding exhibitions, which he believes will help drive the cultural industries for both sides. As to how the two sides can learn from each other when it comes to exercising soft power, the mayor pointed out that the City will dispatch officials to visit TCDC next month to take a closer look at how the facility operates and gain insight into the workings of Thailands cultural system. 
With the Summer Universiade approaching, the city government announced that the 2017 Taipei City Minan 3 and Anti-Terrorism Drill will take place at 2:30 PM on March 30 in the area surrounding Taipei Stadium, which will host the opening and closing ceremonies for the international sports event. The exercise will see a number of unprecedented undertakings, including (1) mobilization of Military Police Special Services Company and Black Hawk helicopters (2) live broadcast of the drill (3) recruitment of 2,000 individuals as spectators of the simulated opening ceremony and who will be participating in evacuation operations and (4) a scene where thousands of injured people require immediate care, urgent referral, and emergency medical response.  Scenarios of the drill involve human-induced hazards and response effort, such as bomb attacks at the stadium, hostage rescue operations, chemical weapons countermeasures, anti-hijacking exercise against air or ground assaults, fires caused by explosives, crowds fleeing in panic that sparks stampedes, activation of large scale rescue mechanism, and others. The City will coordinate resources from the city governments disaster prevention agencies, Universiade staff, the military, New Taipei, Taoyuan, Keelung, and the private sector. Live streaming of the exercise is available at Taipei City Disaster Prevention Info Website:(http://www.eoc.gov.taipei/EOC/home)(Chinese).
On March 27, Mayor Ko Wen-je and Dato Seri Mohamed Azmin Bin Ali of Malaysias State of Selangor signed three MOUs, laying the foundation for future cooperation in the fields of urban transportation, entrepreneurship, and smart city industries. According to Ko, the industrial sectors of ICT, biotech, and intelligent industries are the extremely important for both Taipei and Selangor. The inking of the MOUs allows the two sides to establish a platform for exchange and collaboration in related fields. On the plans to nurture entrepreneurship, the mayor suggested that both sides select a startup to set up shop at each others soil. As a method of conducting industry exchange, these companies will receive subsidies among other incentives from local government for development.As to exporting the Citys YouBike experience, Ko reckoned that commercial negotiations will take place next month when Malaysian representatives visit Taipei to discuss details about how the public bike hire scheme can be implemented in Selangor, which boasts a population of 6 million. He believes that Taipeis knowhow in solving traffic problems can also serve as reference for other Asian countries. Asked by the media about Malaysian celebrities who voiced their concerns about how the hot weather of the Southeast Asian country could discourage people from choosing the bicycle as transportation means, Ko remarked that modifications are needed to adapt to the respective environments if YouBike is to become a model for Malaysias bike rental scheme.  
Deputy Mayor Charles Lin and members from the delegation of Taipei City Government visited Cyberjaya and Malaysia Digital Economy Corporation (MDEC) during the first stop in Malaysia on March 26. Led by Mayor Ko Wen-je the city government delegation is currently embarking on a trip spanning the nations of Malaysia, Thailand, and India. At Cyberjaya, the delegation took the opportunity to tour the Multimedia Super Corridor (MSC) and MDEC, exchanging views on e-commerce, internet economy, and big data opportunities with institution officials. Since its founding in 1996, the MSC has grown from a facility housing roughly 300 IT companies to one with about 3,800 companies today, winning the park MSC status. In 2015, the revenue of companies at the MSC reached roughly MYR 42.1 billion (USD 9.8 billion). It also attracted investment reaching MYR 4.5 billion, among which approximately MYR 2 billion are foreign investment. The figures showed an 18.25-percent growth compared to those from 2014.The companies at the park offer global commerce service ranging from IOT, cloud computing centers, big data analysis, network safety, and e-commerce. MDEC focuses on the four key areas outlined under the Digital Malaysia program proposed by Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak. These include promoting investment, incubating local tech experts, encouraging digital startup ecosystem, and attracting foreign investments through Malaysias MSC status.
On March 26, Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived in Kuala Lumper on his first official visit to Southeast Asia. The eight-day trip includes stops in Malaysia, Thailand, and India, seeking to promote tourism as well as the Summer Universiade in Taipei. The mayor will return to Taiwan on April 2. The mayor tried out the Malaysian delicacy Bak Kut Teh on the first leg of his trip, noting that he would recommend oyster omelet for Malaysians planning on visiting Taiwan. Speaking of methods for attracting Malaysian tourists, Ko reckoned that providing incentives for studying in Taiwan could help boost the number of Malaysian visitors to the island from 490,000 in 2016. During his address at a Fun Taipei Night event, Ko pointed out that the city government has invited Malaysian actress Yana Samsudin and chef Dato Fazley Yaakob to market Taipei in 2015 and 2016 respectively. The celebrities starred in promotional videos, which have been well-received among the Malaysian public. He added that both Kuala Lumpur and Taipei share the same trait of being an inclusive city embracing diversity in culture and religions.  Pointing out that Taipei will be hosting the Summer Universiade and and Kuala Lumpur the Southeast Asian Games respectively in August this year, the mayor stressed that the two metropolises will explore opportunities to share experience in holding the international sports events.According to Taipei City Government spokesperson Liu Yi-ting, the mayor and the city delegation will attend Fun Taipei Night events to promote Taipeis specialties, cuisines, and tourist attractions during the Southeast Asian trip. Other highlights during their sojourn in Malaysia include a visit to the tech hub of Cyberjaya and Malaysia Digital Economy Corporation and a MOU signing with the State of Selangor to strengthen cooperation on transportation, entrepreneurship, and smart city initiatives. In India, Ko will also introduce Taipeis economic development achievements and smart city policies to Indian representatives at the Taipei-New Delhi Industrial Cooperation Forum to pave way for establishing ties between corporations of the two sides.
With the upcoming Mayday 20th Anniversary Concert at Daan Forest Park on March 29, Bin-Music and the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) decided to clear the crowds camping out at the site at 8:30 AM on March 27, to minimize the impact of fans upon the surrounding neighborhood.Fans will be admitted to the site of the free concert starting the afternoon on March 29. City staff and police officers will be stationed at the site to maintain order.PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan noted that boasting an outdoor concert stage with space capacity for 1,500 viewers (accommodating up to 5,000 if including the surrounding greens), Daan Forest Park plays an important role as a site for performances in Taipei. To ensure the least disruption to the neighborhood, PSLO will work with the police and the music company to vacate the site first to ensure the fairness of concert seating. Youth Park Management Division Chief Yang Shu-hui noted that police officers and staff from PSLO will be stationed at different areas inside the park to maintain order, environment cleanliness, and potential crowd flow. Hawkers, illegal parking, smoking and littering will be fined accordingly.Bin-Music noted that after vacating the venue, the area will be blocked-off to ensure no place-holding can take place. Event staff will patrol the area around the clock and sanitation workers will be dispatched to maintain the cleanliness of the surroundings and public restrooms. A total of 90 portable restrooms will be set up on the day of the event as well.   
Taipei Public Library (TPL) joined 7-ELEVEN in inaugurating the OPEN! Kids Reading Room at 7-Elevens Jinyun Store in Neihu on March 23.The move marks yet another milestone for the City to encourage reading among the public through public-private collaboration. For this project, TPL teamed up with the convenience-store chain in launching book loan service starting October, 17, 2016. TPL pointed out that it will provide books and related resources for the kids reading rooms at selected 7-ELEVEN stores. Events such as book exhibitions, storytelling activities, and promotional campaigns will also be held from time to time at these venues. The City hopes to nurture a love for reading among residents through accessible book resources. According to 7-ELEVEN, there are 64 OPEN! Kids Reading Rooms across the island. More stores will join the rank to offer family reading space to the public, with the number expected to exceed 100 in April. Currently, a total of 13 branches with reading rooms are located in Taipei alone. To time with the upcoming Childrens Day, a party will take place concurrently throughout the islands 7-ELEVEN reading spaces as a gift for youngsters. TPL is also holding the Bookstart Classic Illustration Book Exhibition at Jinmen Store. The showcase features 500 books such as Grimmes Fairy Tales, Andersens fairy tales, Peter Rabbit, as well as a selection of digital materials accessible via QR code scan.OPEN! Kids Reading Room Jinyun StoreAddress: No.134, Xingyun Street, Neihu Dist. (near Kangning Elementary School) 
The Earth hour 2017 event will take place at the Yuanshan area grass field of the Taipei Expo Park between 3 PM and 9:40 PM on Saturday, March 25. A series of activities have been planned for participants, including an outdoor concert, outdoor movie screening, and Lights-off 60+ events.The Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) has teamed up with the Society of Wilderness and environmentally-themed NGOs and companies to observe the 1-hour lights-out event initiated by the World Wildlife Fund (WWF). The organizers call upon the public to turn their lights off between 8:30 PM and 9:30 PM, joining over 7,000 cities across 172 nations to reduce carbon emission, playing a role in cutting back the impact of global warming and greenhouse effect.PSLO Director Huang Li-yuan noted that global climate abnormalities and depletion of natural resources are problems that have continued to worsen over the years, and finding a solution to these challenges has become an important issue to all. In recent years, PSL has carried out city policies related to conservation and sustainability, including the establishment of eco parks, restoration of firefly population, and installation of LED street lights. The activity on Saturday will kick-off with displays at the booths showcasing examples of carbon emission and reduction of plastic use in our day-to-day life, as well as games and hands-on activities promoting environmental education. Other events include the screening of Before the Flood featuring Leonardo DiCaprio, unplugged concerts, and the signing of lights-out declaration.Promotional Clip (Chinese): https://youtu.be/u4hZUSwKVhA
The Department of Information Technology (DOIT) announced that details on the achievements of Taipei City Smart City Project Management Office (TPMO) are now available on the Taipei Smart City website https://smartcity.taipei/ (Chinese). Since the establishment of the TPMO on March 21, 2016, DOIT and TPMO have worked to introduce intelligent applications developed by the private sector, transforming Taipei into a living lab where residents are able to access innovative services through industry matchmaking. The Taipei Smart City Website offers three features: (1) publishing information regarding smart city projects and research (2) encouraging exchange among government, start-ups, and residents and (3) boosting information flow among international cities and market Taipeis smart city implementation experience to the world. According to DOIT, TPMO has contacted 200 industry players, coordinated 17 government agencies, held 600 meetings, and engaged in 66 matchmaking projects in fields spanning unmanned aerial vehicles conducting rescue efforts, 3U green transportation sharing scheme, and Neihu Sports Center adopting smart applications. DOIT Commissioner Lee Wei-bin reckoned that the website features sections allowing for submissions, such as citizen needs and I have proposals, to underscore the spirit of public participation. The former is dedicated to problems encountered in daily life from residents perspectives, while the latter invites industry players to provide solutions to problems employing smart technology, thereby helping enhance quality of life for people.  Visit the Facebook fan page of Taipei Smart City to take part in the raffle by April 10: https://www.facebook.com/smartcity.taipeismartcitypmo/posts/637127499805128/ (Chinese)
On March 22, Mayor Ko Wen-je met with local borough chiefs in Nangang to discuss issues pertaining to the district. After listening to their concerns about the possible traffic problems following the creation of the National Biotechnology Research Park in the area, he instructed the Department of Transportation to devise traffic solutions after the establishment of the biotech park. The mayor noted that the completion of the biotech park will attract research institutions and companies, leading to a rapid increase in the number of workers. When the facility opens in Nangang, it is easy to foresee large volumes of traffic flow between Nangang Railway Station and Academia Road. The city government plans to discuss possible approaches to resolving this potential problem during its briefing to borough chiefs on the East District Gateway Project on April 6.Ko added that the central government is still undecided whether the terminal station for the future light rail to Keelung will be Nanganag Railway Station or Nangang Exhibition Hall, so city hall has invited local borough chiefs to attend the meeting on April 6 to brief them on possible impact and solutions pertaining to the East District Gateway Project.Regarding Borough Chief Huang Tsung-chihs report of the strong odor emitted from the sewer duct located near the intersection of Songhe Street and Zhongpo North Road, the mayor instructed the Public Works Department to devise a workable plan thats affordable to help solve the issue. 
The Taipei Shilin Night Market Association announced that melamine utensils will be replaced with reusable stainless ones at the B1 food court of the night market building. The measure, in line with the Citys policy to reduce the use of plastics, will be fully implemented by June, 2017.According to Market Administration Office (MAO), the agency has mounted campaigns to promote the Citys white paper policyplastic pollution reduction by targeting traditional markets and locations where temporary stalls congregate starting this year. Measures include subsidizing the use of ceramic, porcelain, glass, or stainless utensils by food vendors. Hopefully, disposable food containers will be phased out and replaced by recyclable ones, ultimately achieving the objective of plastic waste reduction. Consumers, on the other hand, will also be encouraged to change their dietary habits befitting a more eco-friendly dining environment.   The autonomous organizations of Shilin Night Market, Zhonglun Market, and Ningxia Night Market have been listed as the first groups to receive the policy-promotion subsidies. As part of the effort to promote environmental protection measures, MAO has also implemented the safe dining out policy since 2015 through the installation of dishwashers at Ningxia Night Market all-in-one banquet restaurants, Shidong Market, and Nanmen Market. The newly constructed Zonglun Market and Shilin Market have also been equipped with automatic dishwashers to ensure that utensils are thoroughly cleaned. 
According to the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP), households which have not been connected to sewer pipelines and still utilize septic tanks should adopt tank-cleaning schedule of at least once a year.Having the tanks cleaned at least once-a-year can help keep the functioning rate of the facility above 51-percent. Tanks which have not been maintained risk having the processing efficiency reduced to 3-percent. Furthermore, the Environmental Protection Agencys new policy of disposing tissue papers in the toilet directly will likely increase residue buildup in septic systems by 14.3-percent, further hindering their functions.  DEP pointed out that even though Taipeis sewer connection rate exceeds 75-percent (with 831,412 household units connected), there are still 274,210 households which have yet to connect to the sewer system. To minimize the environmental impact and effects on living standards for non-connected units, DEP has been monitoring and notifying agencies, schools, and buildings without connection to schedule septic system maintenance at least once a year. Those who fail to implement such schedule will be fined between NT$1,200 and NT$6,000 for violating the Waste Disposal Act.As for whether a house or an apartment has access to the sewer system, this information can be found on the water utility bill. If the water utility bill does not include the item Sewer Usage Fee, then the unit is not connected to the sewers. In this case, annual maintenance of the septic tanks should be implemented to ensure ones health and sanitation of the household.The agency remarked that there are 94 certified companies in Taipei conducting septic system maintenance and cleaning. Typical charge for each truck load (with roughly 1.5 tons capacity for removed solids) falls between NT$1,500 and NT$1,800.The list of operators is available on the Chinese website of DEP (http://www.dep.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=102096342&ctNode=63185&mp=110001).
On March 20, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) joined Wild Bird Society of Taipei in launching the new book Encountering Avian at Street Cornersintroducing 53 species of birds frequently spotted in Taipei and surrounding suburbs. The book also offers 12 itineraries allowing for possible encounters with these birds. According to author of the book Liu Ka-shiang, Taipei is seeing more Taiwan blue magpie sightings than sparrows at the area along Muzha and Shaungxi these days, indicating that the City has become a place brimming with biodiversity as a result of efforts to increase environmental awareness.An informative and readable book written with a humorous tone, Encoutering Avian at Street Corners serves as a reminder that residents should cherish the precious beauty of our natural surrounding when the City is on the track for rapid growth. In addition to information on commonplace birds in Taipei, the book also provides a QR code through which readers will be able to actually hear birds singing. The purple-colored Taiwan whistling thrush, in particular, is recommended by the author for its beautiful song.As the capital of an island on the route for migratory birds, Taipei boasts sightings of more than 300 avian species thanks to geographical features ideal for birds  basin landform, low elevation mountains, and major parks. Priced at NT$280, Encountering Avian at Street Corners is available at Taipei City Government publications and souvenirs store, Government Publications Bookstore, Wunan Books, Eslite Bookstore, Kingstone, and Books.com. For inquiries, please call 1999 Citizen Hotline, ext. 7564.  
The first stage of 2017 Tour de Taiwan will take place on Sunday, March 26. A series of traffic control measures will be implemented for roads in the vicinity of city hall on the day of the tournament. Details are as follows:1.	City Hall Road (between Songgao Road and Songshou Road intersections): From 11 AM until 11:59 PM on March 25, the four lanes on the east side will be closed while those on the west side will be adjusted to accommodate traffic. All lanes will be closed between midnight and 5 PM on March 26.2.	Xinyi First Road: Closed between 8 AM and noon on March 26.3.	Renai Road: Fast lanes in the center and bus lane closed between 7 AM and noon on March 26. Slow lanes on both north and south sides remain open.4.	Songgao Road (between City Hall Road and Yushian Road intersections): Four lanes on the south side will be closed between 8 AM and noon on March 26. One lane on the north side will remain open for westbound traffic.5.	Yixian Road (between Songgao Road and Renai Road intersections): All lanes closed between 8 AM and noon on March 26.6.	Yixian Road (between Zhongxiao E. Road and Songgao Road intersections): Lanes for southbound traffic closed between 8 AM and noon on March 26.7.	Songshou Road (From First Road to City Hall Road intersections): Four lanes on the north side of the road will be closed. One lane on the south side will remain open to eastbound traffic. During the race, drivers should avoid using roads affected by the traffic control measures. Possible detours include the follows: 1.	Westbound traffic on Renai Road: Travel on the slow lanes or take Zhongxiao E. Road.2.	North and southbound traffic seeking to cross Renai Road: Take Gongyuan Road, Jianguo Overpass, or Keelung Road Underpass. You can also wait at the intersection and follow police directions.3.	North and southbound traffic on City Hall Road: Take Songzhi Road.For service adjustments of buses with stops near the event venue, please check the Chinese website of Public Transportation Office: http://www.pto.gov.taipei/
Mayor Ko Wen-je pledged to safeguard food safety for the Citys 110,000 students when attending a press event highlighting campus hygiene and the elimination of four types of bacteria on March 17.In light of the mass food poisoning incidents at four schools in Taipei in January, Ko noted that the city government immediately held discussions with meal providers to explore ways on preventing such incidents from happening again in the future. According to the mayor, staff members working in the kitchen were only required to receive screenings for hepatitis A, typhoid fever, and tuberculosis prior to the food contamination incident. Now, to further protect students from bacterial diarrhea, the City has amended health standards for personnel responsible for preparing school meals. Four more types of bacteria will be added to the checklist, including Bacillus cereus, Staphylococcus aureus, Salmonella, and Shigellosis.A total of 11 food service providers handle the lunch services at the Citys 121 schools. The new food safety standards will be added to the next school lunch procurement contracts. The mayor stressed the importance of ensuring the health of kitchen staff and enacting new hygiene SOP to reduce the outbreak of food-borne illnesses at schools. 
For two consecutive years, Japans Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport, and Tourism has dispatched staff members to Taipei City to learn about the implementation and experience of Taipeis effort in undergrounding power cables. In light of this, the Shizuoka Prefecture Government also dispatched personnel to conduct an official visit to Taipeis Road and Pipeline Information Center (RPIC) on March 15, 2017. The purpose of this visit was to study Taipeis design, methodology, and execution of undergrounding power cables in Taipei, as well as to discuss issues such as regulations on relocating power facilities. Staff from Taipower Company also attended the meeting to provide technical opinions related with construction methods and knowhow.The officials from Shizuoka Prefecture Government and Izunokuni City Government lauded the successful experience of RPIC. They were also interested in the details on the cost and time for the construction implementation. Details such as the distribution of construction funds between government and private entities, pipeline burying depth, and selection of location were also discussed.Through this exchange and experience-sharing session, RPIC successfully promoted the Citys policy to Japanese visitors, thereby boosting Taipei Citys international profile. 
With Childrens Day approaching, Mayor Ko Wen-je announced that the Citys family restaurant information is now available on the Food & Drug Inspection Map Taipei website on March 16.Launched in August 2016 by the Department of Health (DOH), the Food & Drug Inspection Map Taipei is a website dedicated to disclosing information regarding the results from city governments inspection of drugs, foods, restaurants of various types, school kitchens, and other facilities.It is part of the administrations objective to realize the principle of open government, public participation, and transparency. The addition of family restaurants into the Map marks yet another milestone of Taipeis effort to enhance food safety.According to the mayor, parents are advised to check the inspection results online before bringing their kids to restaurants designed to accommodate the entire family. The items on the inspection list include playground amenities, hygiene, dining and kitchen environments, etc. Ko reckoned that by publishing the results immediately after conducting spot-checks, the administrative sector will be able to avoid influence peddling while allowing residents to receive the most accurate and reliable data on foods, drugs, and cosmetic products. Reiterating that food safety is a fundamental right, Ko pointed out that DOH will organize a series of events in March to strengthen public awareness on food safety.  
With the approach of the Tomb-sweeping Festival, the city government will implement a series of measures to provide residents with convenience and relative information for the important holiday.According to Civil Affairs Commissioner Lan Shih-tsung, the agency has set up the Tomb-sweeping Info Website for users to access relevant public transportation information. Furthermore, to promote the concept of reducing pollutant emission, the website also offers an activity inviting users to submit postcards with their memories for the deceased. There is also an environmental-friendly worship quiz game offering participants a chance to win lucky bags (available in limited supply).Regarding transit buses, the city government will set up special bus routes between 5:30 AM and 5 PM on the following dates: March 18, 19, 25, 26, April 1, 2, 3, and 4. The transit buses operate on 5 lines, including Muzha Line, Nangang Line, Chongde Line, Military Cemetery Line, and Yangmingshan Line. The transfer bus requires no fee, and the city government encourages users to take advantage of these lines during weekdays to avoid the crowd.The Mortuary Services Office will also organize memorial concerts at 9:30 AM at Fude Public Cemetery Yongai Garden on April 1 and at 9:30 AM at Yangmingshan Zhenshan Garden on April 2. Scripture recital sessions will take place at both Fude Memorial Tower and Yangmingshan Memorial Tower starting 9 AM on April 4.To offer convenient access for disabled individuals, free paratransit service is available at the following bus stops: MRT Taipei Zoo Station, MRT Linguang Station, Dunxu High School of Industry and Commerce, and Military Cemetery. In addition, traffic control measures will be implemented for the areas around the aforementioned public cemeteries from 5:30 AM to 5 PM on the following dates: March 18, 19, 25, 26, April 1, 2, 3, and 4.For more information, please visit the Chinese website of MSO (http://www.mso.taipei.gov.tw). 
Do you have any idea about when calla lilies started to call Zhuzihu home? Do you know that japonica rice was first successfully cultivated in Zhuzihu? What are the tips to pluck calla lilies? Interested in finding out more stories about Zhuzihu and the flower? The Department of Economic Development (DED) has joined hands with Beitou Farmers Association in presenting the Calla Lily Festival between March 24 and April 23. Flower enthusiasts should not miss out on the opportunity to learn more about this beautiful plant.According to DED Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh, most of the farms at Zhuzihu have beenshifted from rice- and vegetable-growing farms in the early days to recreational farms today. Accounting for over 80 percent of the islands total calla lilies production, Zhuzihu has seen somewhere between 30 to 50 percent of the flowers blossoming, with some areas reaching as high as 60 to 70 percent. The months of March and April are prime time to appreciate calla lilies.DED invites the public to visit Zhuzihu in Yangmingshan and experience the romance permeating the air, and to participate in a wide range of activities and events spanning ecological tours, hands-on flower picking sessions, and more.Program Schedule for the 2017 Calla Lily FestivalItinerary 1: A trip to Dinghu highlighting natural serenityZhuzihu entrance parking lotJaponica Farm Story HouseZhuzihu ecological guided tours (Donghu area)Floral Valley calla lily farm (calla lily plucking and waffle set or toast set) Date: 3/28, 4/11, 4/18, 4/25 (Tuesday)Itinerary 2: Calla lily pathZhuzihu entrance parking lotjaponica farm story houseZhuzihu ecological guided tours (Donghu area) Discover Life Recreational Garden (calla lily picking and special meal)Date: 3/30, 4/6, 4/13, 4/20, 4/27 (Thursday)Registration Information:1. Fee: NT$300 (including insurance, guide tours, flower picking, and meals)2. Advanced registration is required. Each group will comprise 10 participants, who must arrive at the meeting place at 9:30 AM. The tour will end at noon.3. Please sign up via phone (TEL: 02-2892-4185, ext. 340, 450) or fax to Beitou Farmers Association (FAX: 02-2893-0227). Participants should provide their name, ID, birthday, and contact info. More information can be found at DEDs Facebook fan page:https://www.facebook.com/doed.taipei/ (Chinese) 
