Presided over by Taipei Mayor Wen-je Ko and New Taipei Deputy Mayor Chun-ching Chen, the 2019 mayor meeting for the Taipei-New Taipei Collaboration and Exchanges Platform (hereinafter referred to as the Taipei-New Taipei Platform) was held in the New Taipei Municipal Jui-Fang Industrial High School today (February 23, 2019).  Since 2015, the Taipei-New Taipei Platform has successfully initiated 122 collaborative projects to tackle issues concerning 700 million residents in the two cities. In addition, it attempts to integrate resources and solve problems. Up till today, 95 projects have been completed and 25 are in progress, including prominent ones such as the Taipei Metro All Pass Ticket (monthly pass) , the sharing of Feitsui Reservoir, cross-district response mechanism for mass casualty, etc. Mayor Ko presented a 2-day Taipei Fun Pass and a set of Taipei Travel Mugs to Deputy Mayor Chen. For New Taipei delegates are the limited-edition EasyCard-Sparkling Precious Piggy and souvenirs of Taipei Azalea Festival 2019. He also heartily invited the department heads of New Taipei City Government and citizens to visit Tokyo Disney Resorts 35th anniversary Parade at the Taipei Lantern Festival on February 24, the CKS Shilin Residence Tulip Show, Yangminshan Flower Festival, and the Taipei Azalea Festival 2019, kicking off on March 14. He noted such participation creates large quantities of small spending, which helps economic growth of Taipei and New Taipei. He remarked that in a mature democracy, professionalism ensures a citys long-term development not to be interrupted by the administration and personnel changes. Therefore, he worked with New Taipei City Government in his first term to institutionalize many collaborative projects through the Taipei-New Taipei Platform. Some examples are completed projectes like the sharing of Feitsui Reservoir, the lead pipe replacement, monthly passes for public transportation, one library card for all Taipei and New Taipei public libraries, collaboration on funeral and cremation facilities, cross-district support for disaster notification, etc. projects in progress like bike lanes on cross-city bridges, expansion of Taipei Metro System, Feitsui Reservoir water intake pipes, integration of long-term care resources, etc. The collaboration of Taipei and New Taipei has been successful on many aspects, including transportation, industrial and economic development, environment and resources, urban development, education, disaster prevention, health and welfare, tourism and cultural creativity, and son on. Two governments reached a consensus about 8 new projects in the meeting, namely the first-stage operation of Taipei Metro Circular Line, International Forum on Smart City and Industrial Trends, establishment of the notification mechanism for unqualified agricultural products of wholesale markets in Taipei and New Taipei City, Taipei friendly stores, the cooperation on handling the cases of pet food not meeting pathogenic microorganism and harmful substance standards, Astronomical Museum on the Go!, the response mechanism and information integration of mass casualty, the experience exchanges on teaching self-rescue in the initial stage of a fire and fire evacuation drill at hospital, long-term care institutes, nursing homes, and public daycares, etc. Mayor Ko also commented on the unsatisfying progress of a few projects, such as cost sharing on the land acquisition of Linkou District Park, Feitsui Reservoir water intake pipes, experiences sharing on building capacity transfer, etc. He promised to urge the departments of Taipei City Government in charge to proactively follow up the progress.  New Taipei City Government arranged for the meeting participants to tour the Shenao rail bike route. Taipei and New Taipei mayors and all delegates rode the bikes and enjoyed the lovely view of the North Coast. They also took the opportunity to share ideas and experiences. The Taipei-New Taipei Platform will continue to push for more collaboration and make related arrangements, including one mayor meeting and two deputy mayor meetings every year. Always bearing 700 million residents in mind and to create prosperity for both cities, it is committed to deepen the collaboration and exchanges to build a more convenient and prosperous future.
A poll conducted in December 2018 by the Research, Development and Evaluation Commission indicates 57% of the poll respondents approve Mayor Kos job performance, while 28% disapprove, and 10% have no opinions or do not know. For the department heads (Ko administrations) overall performance, 48% approve, 23% disapprove and 28% have no opinions or do not know. Among the policies Taipei City Government (hereinafter referred to as TCG) implemented, more than 50% of the respondents are pleased with environmental protection, public safety, Taipei City Hospital, cultural events, and transportation. The approval rating for social welfare, public construction and elementary & secondary education is between 49% and 34% respectively, which is under 50% but still higher than the disapproval rating. The poll also shows most of the respondents are positive about the service attitude and efficiency of TCG staff. 77% approve of the attitude and 66% for the efficiency. It reveals the majority of Taipei city residents recognize the quality of living in Taipei and TCGs administrative efficiency. In addition to landlines, the poll respondents are also reached by mobile phones. The data distribution of landline and mobile phone interviews tend to be consistent. Except a relatively large discrepancy in the approval rating for transportation and a slight discrepancy in that for public safety, elementary and secondary education and cultural events, there is no evident difference for other aspects.  The poll is based on both landline and mobile telephone interviews. The landline survey was conducted in the evenings of December 3-6, 2018, interviewing 935 people residing in Taipei and aged 18 or older, which excluded 695 people refusing to participate. The numbers were randomly selected from residential numbers in Taipei City. The margin of sampling error is 3.20% with a 95% confidence level. The mobile phone interview was done in the evenings of December 3-14, 2018, interviewing 888 people residing in Taipei and aged 18 or older (1,516 people refused). The mobile numbers were randomly selected from the internal database. The margin of sampling error is 3.29% with a 95% confidence level. In both surveys, the sample weights for gender, age and resident registration are calculated respectively.
In order to carry out the political ideal of open government and public participation, the self-nomination for the members of the third Taipei City Government Citizen Participation Advisory Council (hereinafter referred to as the Advisory Council) was open on December 24, 2018 through January 4, 2019. The deadline has been extended to 9 am on January 14, 2018 due to New Year break. Anyone whose household is registered in Taipei and is interested in becoming a member of the Advisory Council is welcome to submit an application. Application website: please click here. (The website is in Chinese.) Research, Development and Evaluation Commission applied precision marketing techniques to promote the application, announcing the news on Taipei City Government Line Official Account. Till today (January 9, 2019), more than 100 applications have been received. Taipei City Government (hereinafter referred to as TCG) encourages people of different backgrounds to submit applications, joining the team to help develop plans for civic participation.  The Advisory Council, led by Mayor Ko, has successfully pushed for several policies and projects by way of monthly working group meetings and quarterly council meetings since its establishment in 2014. The achievements of the Advisory Council, focusing on civic participation, open data and participatory budgeting, include amendments to i-Voting mechanism and regulations, launching of Taipei Civic Participation Website, optimization of the civic participation meetings and TCG Line Official Account, establishment of the new open data platform, checking the available open data and maximizing its value, and proposals, review and personnel training for participatory budgeting.    
Research, Development and Evaluation Commission, Taipei City Government, conducted a poll on October 15-17, 2018 to learn about Taipei citizens exercise and health management experiences. The poll results indicate 68% of the 957 respondents work out regularly, and more males (73%) make exercise a habit than females (64%). About exercise frequency and duration, three times a week and 1-1.5 hours each time top the other answers with 28% respectively. Regarding health management, 68% of the respondents have the habit of taking waist measurements, and 41% for blood pressure. For the frequency taking the measurement, the highest rate for weight measurement is once a week with 29%, and 42% for blood pressure by doing it only when it occurs to him/her. 68% of the respondents feel they are in good health 52% think their health conditions are about the same with people of their ages 73% are happy with their health conditions, and 47% have physical examinations regularly. As to the self-perceived body shape, 53% see themselves in perfect shape. In addition, 36% have tried to lose weight. When asked about the method adopted for weight loss (a multiple answer question), the first place is calorie control (23%), and the second is working out (21%). For the question about what they do when feeling sick, 49% of the respondents see western medicine physicians, 84% go to nearby clinics first, and 56% seek their family physicians or clinics they usually visit. The poll is based on telephone interviews conducted in the evenings of October 15 through 17, 2018, interviewing 957 people residing in Taipei and aged 18 or older. The telephone numbers are randomly selected from residential numbers in Taipei City. The margin of sampling error is 3.17% with a 95% confidence level.
Taipei City Government (hereinafter referred to as TCG) organized a competition to promote the concept of comprehensive e-service. 45 e-service cases from departments of the TCG or their affiliations were received. The preliminary review (by examining the application document) selected eight cases to enter the final competition, which was held on November 2, 2018. The selected cases were presented at the final competition for the review committee to decide three winning cases. Mayor Ko presented the awards to the winners today (November 27, 2018) at the weekly meeting with the department heads. He encourages all agencies to learn from the winning cases to design and provide user-centered e-services.  The gold award goes to the E-application for Public Kindergartens by the Department of Education. It allows parents to complete applications online, which saves manpower and reduces parents time waiting in line. The second place is E-Services for Police Patrol by the Taipei City Police Department, which reduces paper use of patrol reporting and digitizes reporting data for easy and safe preservation. The third place is E-inquiry for Compulsory Military Draft Process by the Department of Compulsory Military Service. It enables people to make inquiries online and significantly save peoples time. Mayor Ko emphasized the importance of E-policy. The policy is like the Meiji Restoration within Taipei City Government. It is also the attitude for modern administration, said Mayor Ko. He urged all departments to be enthusiastic for the e-policy implementation and put themselves in users shoes. The policys success relies on the devotion of every department. One single act does not change anything, but small efforts of all departments will add up to big differences. When A is greater than 1, A to the power of N approaches infinity. He encouraged city staff to work together for the goal.
The Control Yuan members (hereinafter referred to as CY members) Ming-tsang Chiang and Yueh-der Lee, and circuit supervision secretaries visited Taipei City Government (hereinafter referred to as TCG) to conduct circuit supervision today (October 8, 2018). CY members and secretaries saw Mayor Ko in the morning, and subsequently attended a meeting presided by Deputy Mayor Chia-ji Teng. In the meeting, the policies and arrangements of the TCG for responding to natural disaster and climate change (such as public transportation system, disaster relief resources, water drainage, etc.) are presented. The circuit supervision continued in the afternoon at the kindergarten affiliated to Taipei Municipal Xinhu Elementary School in Neihu District. Besides listening to the report on the implementation of Taipei City child care service policies and the establishment of Taipei City social safety net, they also exchange opinions with the teachers and staff of the school. The Control Yuan conducts circuit supervision in order to review local governance. The CY members and the circuit supervision secretaries gave TCG several advices and encouraged TCG to make continuous improvements. 
A poll conducted in July 2018 by the Research, Development and Evaluation Commission (hereinafter referred to as the RDEC) says 60% of the respondents approve Mayor Kos performance, while 28% disapprove. For the performance of Kos administration, 46% approve, 25% disapprove and 29% have no opinions. Among the policies Taipei City Government (hereinafter referred to as TCG) implemented, more than 50% of the respondents are pleased with environmental protection, public safety, Taipei City Hospital, cultural events, and transportation. The satisfaction rate for social welfare, public construction and elementary & secondary education is between 46% and 32%, which is under 50% but still higher than the percentage of the dissatisfaction. When asked about the service attitude and efficiency of TCG, most poll respondents give positive feedbacks. 77% approve of the attitude and 64% for the efficiency. The result reveals the majority of Taipei city residents recognize the quality of living in Taipei and TCGs administrative efficiency. Another poll conducted in August investigates citizens shopping and food safety experiences at night markets, and consumption habits. The results show 31% of the respondents visit night markets at least once a month, while 36% do not visit night markets at all. In addition, 67% enjoy night markets, and food is the top reason they love to visit the markets (41%). As to the confidence for food safety, the percentage for those confident is tied with that for the opposite at 45%. Regarding the overall hygiene at the markets, 48% are happy with it, while 47% are not. Given multiple choices, the top three markets respondents visit at least once in the last year are Raohe Street Night Market (53%), Shihlin Night Market (49%), and Ningxia Night Market (31%) the top three the respondents have good impression are Raohe Street (19%), Ningxia (18%), and Shihlin (16%).   For TCGs consumer policies and peoples consumption habits, 60% of the respondents know disposable and Melamine tableware is prohibited at all TCG agencies 80% are supportive of the policy 55% bring their own cutlery to avoid using disposable one when dinning out and 89% bring own shopping bags. About payment habits, the most popular methods are cashes (92%), credit cards (56%), and electronic vouchers (20%). The July poll is based on telephone interviews conducted in the evenings of July 16 through July 18, 2018, interviewing 1,127 people residing in Taipei and aged 18 or older, which excludes 1,130 people refusing to participate. The August poll is done in the evenings of August 13 through August 15, 2018, interviewing 997 people residing in Taipei and aged 18 or older (927 people refused). The telephone numbers are randomly selected from residential numbers in Taipei City. The margin of sampling error is 3.10% with a 95% confidence level.
The 7th deputy mayor meeting of the Taipei-New Taipei Collaboration and Exchange Platform (hereinafter referred to as the Meeting) was held in the Taipei City Hall today (August 8, 2018). Presided over by Taipei deputy mayor Chia-ji Teng and New Taipei deputy mayor Shu-chuan Lee, the Meeting reviewed the progress and results of the collaborative projects in the past few months. The Platform so far has successfully pushed for 114 projects in total since 2015. 86 projects have been completed and 28 are still in progress. Many of the projects concern peoples lives in Greater Taipei and are aimed to create livable and sustainable city.  Politics is about peoples everyday lives. Not only is it Mayor Kos belief, but it is also the goal Taipei City Government strives to achieve. Therefore, Mayor Ko pays a high attention to Taipei-New Taipei collaboration. By way of the Taipei-New Taipei Collaboration and Exchange Platform, he expects the two city government will eliminate the geographical boundary, increase administrative efficiencies and create shared values. In the past three years, two municipalities work closely together to find solutions for problems and integrate several collaborative projects regarding citizens needs, such as Monthly Pass for Public Transportation, The Integration of Real-time Bus Information System, Rehabilitation and Habitat Restoration of Taipei Grass Frog and Feitsui Reservoir Water for Taipei and New Taipei City. Taipei Water Department also devotes to replace the lead pipes in both cities and completes the replacement ahead of schedule. In addition to the aforementioned, two municipalities also work together on industrial and economic development, urban development, tourism, education and culture etc. They will continue to develop more collaborative projects concerning citizens lives in both cities.  The Meeting reviewed the progress of existing collaborative projects. In addition, two municipalities reach a consensus to make a few projects that have reached the goals of current phases regular collaboration in the future, including Sharing of Outdoor Teaching Resources, One Library Card for Taipei & New Taipei City Libraries, Joint Teaching Achievement Showcases of Arts and Dance Talent Programs in Primary and Junior High Schools and Residential Fire Prevention 2.0. In addition to collaborative efforts on the drinking water safety of Feitsui Reservoir, the radial subway network of Greater Taipei, and the upgrade of existing collaborative projects, Taipei City Government will expand the exchanges with New Taipei City. It is committed to develop more collaborative projects and integrate diverse resources to promise citizens of both cities a convenient living and a thriving future.
In order to realize Mayor Kos ideal of open government and public participation, Taipei Youth Commission (hereinafter referred to as the Commission) is recruiting more young members of diverse backgrounds. Through the expansion of youth participation and the integration of social resources, it seeks to draw a blueprint for Taipei youth development. Young people interested in public affairs or having related knowledge are welcome to submit their application for the position. The application is accepted online until 8:00 AM on July 25, 2018. The Commission consists of 15-21 members, including Chairperson -- Taipei City mayor, two vice-chairpersons, 3-5 department heads from Taipei City Government, 1-3 experts or scholars and 8-10 young people of different backgrounds from the Taipei City Government or the outside. The young members shall be under 45 years old and at least 3 of the 8-10 members must be high school or college students. All members serve one-year term and can extend for one additional term upon expiration. If a member steps down during the term, the vacancy can be filled by appointing a new member and the term expiration remains the same as the original. The commission meeting is held every three months. Working groups of the Commission can call group meetings any time as needed.  The youth commission members will help Taipei City Government on projects and polices related to young people, such as building youth-friendly education and job environment, integrating public and private funds to push for better youth housing, formulating policies on family, maternity and paternity, integrating youth travel and volunteer policies, increasing the feasibility and progressiveness of youth policies, etc.  Young citizens are the key to Taipeis progress. The Commission brings government staff, youth leaders and social elites together. By exchanging opinions and ideas, they explore young peoples need and develop youth development policies. The Commission serves as a platform for young commission members to communicate with the government. Not only does it make policies more comprehensive, but it also invigorates policy making and execution and helps reach the goal of youngerizing municipal governance. Taipei City Government welcomes and encourages all young citizens to submit the application to become a member of the Commission. Note: The website to submit the application: https://goo.gl/NAVMog(contents in Chinese).
  Taipei City Secured Small Loans Services and Taipei City Hospital (hereinafter respectively referred to as TCSSLS and TCH) won the 1st Government Service Award, beating 174 participating government agencies nationwide. The award is granted by Executive Yuan to recognize government agencies excellence in providing services to people.   TCSSLS is one of the only two government-owned pawnshops. Not only has it achieved financial autonomy, it also stands out in innovating and simplifying operations, enhancing service quality, strengthening social caring, and being helpful hands for peoples daily living.   TCSSLS strategic theme is LIFE, referring to Liable - maximize social benefit Impressive - improve service qualityFinancial achieve financial autonomy and Efficient enhance asset efficiency. It has the lowest interest rate on collateral loans in the nation and offers the disadvantaged people differential rates. In addition, it improves staffs appraisal skills, develops creative marketing strategies, launches services in the evening, expands types of collateral used for loans, simplifies procedures, upgrades information services, etc. Furthermore, it provides job referral services and offers cash rewards for clients getting hired or academic achievement. It also diversifies its business. For instance, it builds SHWOO, the largest online auction platform of scrap government-owned items, and provides pricing and sale services, making contribution to the circular economy.    The population in Taiwan is aging rapidly over the next 10 years. The existing medical system may not be able to cope with the increasing disability, dependence and death in the elderly. In response to the global trend of community-based integrated care, TCH emphasizes hospice cares and aims to become the pioneering hospital in Asia built on community-based care. It hopes to provide home hospice care for those who wish to spend the rest of their days at home.    Besides normalizing hospice care at all branches, TCHs community hospice care ranks number one in Taiwan. It suffices to be a benchmark on community hospice care for all hospitals. With its experiences, TCH will continue to promote the normalization of hospice care in Taiwans hospitals. By encouraging communities and hospitals to join the program, it hopes to increase the nations care capacity, improve the quality of hospice care, and eventually fulfill the vision live and die well.
Taipei City Government has been conducting a public governance survey with reference to related articles and indicators since October 2016. The survey is intended to understand citizens opinions about the administrative efficiency and effectiveness. It consists of 15 indicators, such as government effectiveness, responsiveness and citizen involvement, administrative philosophy, etc. The latest survey, conducted by the Research, Development and Evaluation Commission in March 2018, finds that more than 60% of the respondents approve TCGs performance on 5 of the indicators. The highest approval rating, both exceeding 66%, go to efficient execution and abide by the law. For some indicators such as clear direction, strong emphasis on industrial development and consistency in decision making, responses are relatively discrepant. Noting that disagreement (49%) is higher than agreement (42%) for consistency in decision making.  Regarding the overall opinion of Taipei City, 48% of the respondents feel the city is making progress, while 30% feel the opposite 64% are proud to be part of Taipei City, and 22% are not. On being asked to grade the performance of the city administration team, the average score the respondents give is 66 on the 0-100 scale where the passing score is 60.    The survey is based on telephone interviews conducted in the evenings of March 27-30, 2018, interviewing 1,123 people residing in Taipei and aged 18 or older. The telephone numbers are randomly selected from residential numbers in Taipei City. The margin of sampling error is 2.92% with a 95% confidence level. 
It has been a year since the new i-Voting system was launched last year. There have been approximately 2000 non-government agency proposals and attracted about 90,000 votes so far, making many policy suggestions to Taipei City Government (hereinafter referred to as TCG). Through virtual and in-person discussions, TCG and citizens gradually come to a consensus and make policy decisions together, and followed with implementation by TCG agencies. TCG appreciates every participating citizen for proposal submission, discussion and voting. Citizens engagement and suggestions make Taipei a model for deliberative democracy.  Research, Development and Evaluation Commission, Taipei City Government (hereinafter referred to as RDEC) indicates that i-Voting was officially launched on August 5, 2015. With numerous suggestions to improve the system from the public and after discussion of 10 proposed motions, i-Voting was updated on March 20, 2017. In addition to the positioning and more explicit procedures, the modified version introduces two new functions. One is the proposal submission (https://taipei.join.gov.tw) for people to submit proposals on issues to be voted on by the public. The other is the open discussion for people and government agencies to openly discuss policies and reach a consensus. The two new functions of i-Voting, aimed to encourage the discussion and improve the communication between people and the TCG agencies and strengthen the deliberative democracy through citizen participation, are built on the Public Policy Participation Network Platform of the National Development Council, says the RDEC. In addition, the promotion of the i-Voting polls mainly relies on the existing TCG publicity channels. The cost for TCG to update the i-Voting system is only the payment for proposal reviewers. Up till March 30, 2018, three issues are proposed by the TCG agencies since the new system kicks off, including the participatory budgeting 2017 by the Department of Civil Affairs and increasing closed hours/days by the Taipei Zoo. The voting for both issues had ended and more than 88,000 votes were received. For the vote result, 71 budget items of the Department of Civil Affairs were selected and, 98% of the participants (30,050 votes) support the Taipei Zoo to increase closed hours/days. Responding to the result, Taipei Zoo has started to plan the calendar and hours of operation 2018 in accordance with the maintenance schedule. For the proposals submitted by the public, there are 197 proposals in total and 5 of them collect more than 3,000 electronic signatures in 60 days. The proposal asking Taipei City Government to stop giving away free lanterns has successfully passed the proposal review meeting and is expected to enter the proposal discussion phase in April. It will be posted on the open discussion of Taipei Public Policy Participation Network Platform, inviting everyone to express opinions. TCG encourage citizens to participate in discussion, learn more about policies, engage in the implementation, and work together with TCG to make Taipei a more progressive city.     Note: The Proposal Submission section of Taipei Public Policy Participation Network Platformhttps://taipei.join.gov.twis in Chinese only. 
A poll on satisfaction with transportation conditions, bus and taxi experiences and housing policies, such as public housing and the rental and property management service for public housing etc., is conducted in February 2018 by the Research, Development and Evaluation Commission, Taipei City Government (hereinafter referred to as RDEC) to learn about Taipei citizens opinions on transportation and housing policies. For transportation, the poll result indicates respondents are generally positive about it. 69% of the respondents are happy with the transportation condition, while 23% are not about 80% of the respondents, which is 893 people, ride public transit bus at least once before, and 82% of them are satisfied with the service, and 11% are not. For taxi experiences, 71% of the respondents take a taxi in recent one year. For questions about hailing a taxi, given multiple choices, 68% of those using taxi hail one on the street, following by phone calls 29%, and 22% by mobile app. 83% are satisfied with the experience and 12% are not.      Regarding housing in Taipei, more than 80% of the respondents live in a house owned by them or their families, and 14% in rental properties. When being asked about how Taipei City Government (hereinafter referred to as TCG) does in solving housing problems, 24% are pleased with TCGs performance, 34% are not and 41% answer no opinion/do not know. In addition, 67% know the public housing TCG has been promoting, but 32% do not and, 74% support the policy, while less than 10% disapprove of it. As to the rental and property management service for public housing, 30% of the respondents know the service and 70% do not 55% are supportive, 22% are not, and 22% have no opinion/do not know.    The poll is based on telephone interviews conducted in the evenings of February 5-7, 2018, interviewing 1,012 people residing in Taipei and aged 18 or older. The telephone numbers are randomly selected from residential numbers in Taipei City. The margin of sampling error is 3.08% with a 95% confidence level.
1.The project encourages government agencies to learn the lean thinking of Toyota Production System so to break through inertial thinking, reduce waste, provide added-value services and increase administrative efficiency and effectiveness. 2.The project was started in June 2016. The project team, consisting of staff members from the Research, Development and Evaluation Commission, the Department of Civil Servant Development and the Department of Health, has been assisting agencies of Taipei City Government to improve the appropriateness of proposed issues by holding review meetings and subject-oriented discussions. In addition, it also organizes workshops for participating agencies and requests them to submit mid-term and final reports. The goal is to help 33 first-tier agencies understand the essence of lean management by August 2018. These agencies are also expected to promote lean thinking by helping their subordinate agencies acquire the knowledge.
A recent poll conducted in December 2017 by the Research, Development and Evaluation Commission (hereinafter referred to as RDEC) tells that 58% of the respondents are satisfied with Mayor Kos performance and 27% are not. In addition, 46% approve the performance of the department heads (Ko administration), while 20% do not, and 33% has no opinion of do not know. The poll also reviews policy implementation of Taipei City Government (hereinafter referred to as TCG). The result shows the policies having satisfaction rate higher than 50% are environmental protection, public safety, Taipei City Hospital, and cultural events. The satisfaction for transportation, social welfare, public construction, and elementary & secondary education falls between 48% and 34%, which is below 50% but still higher than the dissatisfaction.  When asked about the service attitude and efficiency of TCG, most poll respondents give positive feedbacks. 78% approve of the attitude and 60% agree with the efficiency. The result reveals the majority of Taipei city residents are pleased with the quality of living in Taipei and TCGs administrative efficiency. The poll also asks peoples opinion about Mayor Kos top achievement during his three terms. With up to three choices and no given hints, the achievements selected by more than 10% of the respondents are Taipei 2017 Universiade (24%), demolition of the overpass to the Zhongxiao Bridge (17%), revival of the North Gate (14%), and bus lanes on Zhongxiao West Road (13%). Among all respondents, 51% express their selections, 12% say they do not know any prominent achievement by Mayor Ko, 9% feel Mayor Ko has not done anything substantial, 28% give up the question. About the top priorities TCG should take care of, also with no given hints and up to two choices, the matters picked by more than 10% of respondents include improvements in transportation (24%), elderly care (15%), and Taipei Dome dispute (12%). For this question, 68% of the respondents express their opinions, while 32% do not.  Another recent poll, conducted in November 2017 to understand peoples thoughts about living environment, road quality, elderly care, etc., indicates that respondents are happy with their living environment in general. 76% are satisfied with the neighborhood area, while 20% are not. In addition, 64% approve the cityscape nearby their houses. The reasons those not happy with the neighborhood area are dirty streets, noises and poor air quality. For the road quality, 73% of the respondents agree there were no or few repeating roadwork in the past three months 50% feel repeating roadworks have been reduced and, 62% are satisfied with the road condition in their neighborhood. Nevertheless, about the quality in general, 50% are not satisfied while 40% are, which reveals that peoples negative impression of road quality is not yet reversed. As to the care the TCG provides for aged citizens, 16% feel it has been improved, 14% say it is about the same, 28% think it has been deteriorating, and 41% do not know or have no opinion. The November poll is based on telephone interviews conducted in the evenings from November 28 through December 1, 2017, interviewing 1,029 people, which excludes 999 people refusing to take the survey). The margin of sampling error is 3.06% with a 95% confidence level. For the December poll, telephone interviews were done in the evenings from December 12 through December 15, 2017, interviewing 952 people, which excludes 844 people refusing to take the survey. The margin of sampling error is 3.18% with a 95% confidence level. The telephone numbers for both polls are randomly selected from residential numbers in Taipei City. All people interviewed resides in Taipei and are aged 18 or older.
Taipei City Government has been running a public governance survey since October 2016 in order to know how citizens feel about the governments efficiency. Referenced to several public governance-related indicators and documents, the survey consists of 14 indicators such as administrative efficiency and effectiveness, responsiveness and citizen participation, governing philosophy, etc. The most recent survey result shows that the approval rating for 5 of the 14 indicators is higher than 60%. The highest, 66%, goes to absence of corruption and regulatory enforcement. Some of the indicators, such as clear governance direction, emphasis on industrial development and policy consistency show wider variation in citizen opinions. Particularly the opinions on policy consistency, disagreement (51%) is significantly higher than agreement (36%).   The survey also ask how citizens feel about Taipei in general. 53% of the respondents think the city is making progress, while 25% feel the opposite. 66% are proud to be a Taipei citizen, but 19% do not consider it is honorable. In addition, the average score is 65 for the question asking to rate city staff performance with 60 as the passing score. The poll was conducted in the evenings of October 31 through November 3, 2017. The results are based on the telephone interviews with a sample of 1,172 adults, living in Taipei and aged 18 and older. The telephone numbers are randomly selected from residential numbers in Taipei City. The margin of sampling error is 2.86% with 95% confidence.
  HELLO TAIPEI  Taipei City Simple Petition System (hereafter referred to as the Simple Petition System,) integrating City Affairs Mailbox, 1999 Taipei Citizen Hotline, and information counters at or phone inquiry services by all agencies of the Taipei City Government, is intended for the public to submit their petitions and to supervise government agencies response efficiency. The Research, Development and Evaluation Commission makes sure Taipei City staff promptly answer the requests filed at the Single Petition System to improve the services for the public. Taipei City Government encourage citizens to use the Single Petition System for any questions or requests they have. It is convenient and quick. Download HELLO TAIPEI App to your smartphone or visit the web version, hello.gov.taipei. Tell us your opinion to help make Taipei a better city. 
Has it ever occurred to you that government agencies publish many interesting books and dull statistics may be transformed into professional theses? In order to share administration experiences and for people to understand municipal issues better, Mayor Ko has been encouraging city employees to submit papers to professional journals. In addition, he makes all the data city employees used for their published papers and books available to the public at the Research & Development Results Web to achieve the goal of open data.     In 2016, Taipei City Government amended Guidelines Governing Incentive Rewards for Taipei City Government Employees Publishing Journal Articles and Books, in hoping to encourage city employees to combine research with practical experiences, increase administrative efficiency and experience sharing, and strengthen the communication between academia and the govement. For the papers and books concerning municipal issues published by city employees in 2016 and 2017, the judging committee select 7 papers and 7 books to give the award.     According to the statistics of Taipei City Government, there are a total of 916 journals articles and 69 books (not all of them discuss municipal issues) by city employees in 2015 and 2016. In order for the general public and researcher to have more understandings and enable them to find city employees research faster, information regarding above-mentioned articles and books, such as titles, authors, publication years, abstracts (full contents not provided due to copyright restrictions), are made available at the Researches by City Employees section of the Research & Development Results Web. Besides demonstrating city employees research capabilities, it is also meant to provide people related information and references for researches.     Researches by City Employees at the Research & Development Results Web (contents in Chinese):http://rdnet.taipei.gov.tw/xDCM/TPE_user/self_research_search.jsp
The Research, Development and Evaluation Commission (hereinafter referred to as the RDEC) conducts surveys on peoples opinion about the mayors and his administrations performance every six months. A recent poll conducted in July finds 63% of the respondents approve of Mayor Kos job performance, while 24% disapprove. About the department heads performance (Ko administration), 47% is satisfied, 24% is unsatisfied and 29% provide no opinion or do not know.Among all the policies Taipei City Government (hereinafter referred to as TCG) implemented, more than 50% of the respondents are pleased with environmental protection, public safety, Taipei City Hospital, cultural events, transportation and social welfare. The satisfaction rate for public construction and elementary & secondary education is 46% and 35% respectively, which is under 50% but still higher than the percentage of the dissatisfaction. When asked about the service attitude and efficiency of TCG, most poll respondents give positive feedbacks. 79% approve of the attitude and 64% agree with the efficiency. The result reveals the majority of Taipei city residents recognize the quality of living in Taipei and TCGs administrative efficiency. The poll also asks about the top priorities TCG should take care of. The matters chosen by more than 10% of respondents include improvements in transportation (32%), Taipei Dome dispute (10%), education policies (10%) and cares for the disadvantaged (10%). Regarding the Taipei-Shanghai Forum 2017 held in Taipei in early July, 71% of the respondents are aware of the event, while 29% do not know about it. In addition, 73% support the Forum to be continued and 14% disapprove. For those knowing about the Forum, 56% think TCGs performance is satisfying, while 25% think otherwise. The poll is based on telephone interviews conducted in the evenings from July 31 through August 3, 2017, interviewing 1,236 people, which excludes 850 people refusing the survey, residing in Taipei and aged 20 or older. The telephone numbers are randomly selected from residential numbers in Taipei City. The margin of sampling error is 2.79% with a 95% confidence level.
  Taipei City Government launched a pilot project in 2015 organizing assistance and coordination groups to care for and provide assistances to city employees. Led by Taipei City deputy mayor Chia-ji Teng, the project was initially run at 10 selected TCG departments. The result of the project in the past two years shows the method is effective. Therefore, it has been implemented at all first-tier agencies and their affiliating offices this year (2017) to serve 80,000 city employees.   An assistance and coordination group consists of 3 working teams, respectively focusing on cares for city employees, coordinating dispute cases and reducing lawsuits. The working teams provide assistances, collect and summarize results, and ensure feedbacks responded and corrective actions taken. In the first half of 2017 since the project was carried out extensively, overtime has been reduced, disputes solved more effectively, and the number of carry-over litigation cases decreased.    For year 2017, the assistance and coordination groups take prevention as the foremost priority. By way of organizational operation, extensive promotion and reviews on regular basis, they provide approachable assistances for city employees and encourage them to use the supports in the aspect of coordination for dispute cases, they execute department heads decisions to settle disputes for reducing lawsuits, they create an environment city employees feel comfortable to enforce laws or regulations.   Litigation is not the only resolution for disputes. The assistance and coordination groups are established to solve disputes alternatively. They hope to provide tangible supports, settle disputes and prevent lawsuits. It is believed the implementation efficiency and policy effectiveness of Taipei City Government will be enhanced by building an environment where city employees are confident in enforcing laws.    Taipei City Government has changed its organizational culture. In addition to emphasizing integrity and team work, it provides supports such as consultations, lawsuit assistances, etc. to city employees, and develop strategies to prevent lawsuits. It is hoped the decreased number of lawsuits and full supports for city employees will boost team cohesion and morale.       
  The 5th deputy mayor meeting of the Taipei-New Taipei Collaboration and Exchange Platform (hereinafter referred to as the Meeting) was held in the Taipei City Hall today (July 12, 2017). Presided over by Taipei deputy mayor Chia-ji Teng and New Taipei deputy mayor Shu-chuan Lee, the Meeting reviewed the progress and results of the collaborative projects in the past few months.   With the goal of creating a prosperous Greater Taipei and maximize city residents welfare, the Taipei-New Taipei Collaboration and Exchange Platform (hereinafter referred to as the Platform) integrates available resources to develop many collaborative projects that meet peoples needs and increase the two governments administrative efficiency. The Platform so far has successfully pushed for 102 projects in total since 2015, including new ones kicked off during the second quarter of 2017, such as allocating city budget to support discounts for bus-metro transfers, Taipeis and New Taipeis share-proportion of the Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation, one card, all Taipei and New Taipei public libraries, etc.  Transportation is one of the major concerns for Taipei-New Taipei collaborations. The two city governments work together on issues concerning bus, subway, bikes, etc. Many projects benefiting residents of both cities have been undertaken to provide safer and more convenient public transportation system, including the expansion of Taipei Metro network, construction of bike lanes on bridges connecting the two cities, monthly pass for public transportation, etc. In addition, two cities have reached a consensus on July 6, 2017 to propose to the Executive Yuan for the north and south sections of Taipei Metro Circular Line to be approved together and constructed simultaneously, so the construction can be completed earlier to build a more comprehensive subway network for the Greater Taipei.  Regarding allocating city budget to support discounts for bus-metro transfers and Taipeis and New Taipeis share-proportion of the Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation, the two city governments will discuss together to find a solution that integrate the public transportation system of the Greater Taipei and meet residents interest of both cities.  For education and culture, many cross-city projects on collaborations of public schools and institutions have been implemented. For example, Taipei Zoo, Taipei Astronomical Museum and Taipei Childrens Amusement Park offer special rates for teaching activities held there by New Taipei Citys public schools. Public libraries carried out the project of One Card, All Taipei and New Taipei Public Libraries. In additions, an event promoting Public Library Resource Sharing Service Platform of the National Central Library is held in July-September, 2017. They will continue to develop information system and resource sharing policies to achieve the object of One Card, All Taipei and New Taipei Public Libraries.  Taipei and New Taipei promise to assure efficient vertical and horizontal communication and implement a variety of collaborative projects.  With the collaboration and experience sharing, the two governments hope to provide more convenience for residents and further enhance their quality of life.
The 9th Government Service Quality Award, highest honor granted by the Executive Yuan to recognize and promote outstanding government services in the country, has announced winners. Standing out among 160 participating government agencies nationwide, Taipei City Fire Department and the Department of Social Welfare, Taipei City Government won the awards. What would cross your mind when hearing of senior centers? People usually picture a place where dark and depressing, and even form a negative impression about it. In hopes of changing the stereotype and making senior welfare institutions the second home the elderly can rely on, the Department of Social Welfare launched several service programs to improve the quality of living in the institutions. The elderly population in Taipei has reached 425 thousands in March 2017, accounting 15.7% of Taipeis total population. Due to rapidly aging population and low fertility, effective policies for long term senior care has become one of Taipei City Governments priorities. In addition to diverse and continuing services such as home, community, and residential cares, Taipei City Government now provides dare care services for the seriously disabled elderly. Today, elderly care institutions face many new challenges such as frequent visit to hospitals, duplicate medication, lack of hospice care to help the elderly dying with dignity and in comfort, and son on. In order to solve the problems, the Department of Social Welfare initiated the project of integrated professional care in senior care institutions in Taipei City Haoran Senior Citizens Home, Zhishan Nursing Home, and Zhaoru Nursig Home in 2014. The project established integrated geriatrics clinic services, multi-dose medication system and hospice facilities inside the care centers to reduce time going back and forth to the hospital, simplify the procedure of taking medicine, and provide palliative care and end-of-life care. More than a thousand elder people have been benefited from the project since it was launched. Not only does it reduce the waste of medical resources and improve drug safety, it also saves more than 500 hours a year for the staff in the care centers. The staff thus can focus on improving service qualities. In the second half of 2017, the Department of Social Welfare plans to implement the project in other senior care institutions. It is hoped to make these institutions the second home for the elderly and provides a comfortable and safer environment for them to live in with dignity.     In recent years, Taipei City Fire Department has been making efforts to enhance fire investigation, optimize prevention management, and develop new identification methods by simplifying procedures, introducing information services, integrating social resources, and making use of Swarm Intelligence and innovative services. In addition, it has launched several projects and activities to prevent fire accidents and reduce fire-related injuries and deaths, such as cross-agency collaboration on promoting residential fire alarm installation, little student detectives for fires, and fire-fighting experience day for elementary school students, etc. Furthermore, the Fire Department takes a variety of approaches to teach citizens fire and disaster prevention and make the knowledge available everywhere. It hopes every Taipei citizen can feel Taipei City Fire Department takes cares of peoples safety.   Taipei City Fire Department and the Department of Social Welfare provide Taipei citizens quality services, which speak well for the core goals of the Government Service Quality Award -- commitment for service satisfaction and encouraging government agencies to provide innovative and integrated services,  and comprehensively enhancing the quality of public services. All agencies of Taipei City Government will continue to work hard together to make Taipei a livable and sustainable city. 
The ceremony for the Taipei City Government Publication Awards 2017 was held today (May 6, 2017) in Taipei City Hall. Mayor Wen-je Ko presented the awards to the four Taipei City Government agencies publishing the 8 winning titles.Awarded titles include Modern Art, Coral Stone Mountain, Formosa in Formation, and norme et Riquiqui published by the Taipei Fine Arts Museum (hereafter referred to as TFAM,) Spending Year of Sulfur in Taipei by the Taipei City Archives, The Dedication of Life and Little Chucklings World by the Taipei Hakka Affairs Commission (THAC), and The Taste of Old Town Taipei by the Department of Information and Tourism.Modern Art, published quarterly, invites in-house and external experts to introduce Taiwans arts scene, current exhibitions and collections of the TFAM, etc. Coral Stone Mountain collects the works presented at the exhibition Chen Shun-chu: Coral Stone Mountain in 2015, which is Chen Shun-chus first retrospective exhibition in Taiwan. Formosa in Formation includes classical artworks in Taiwans Japanese colonial era selected from the TFAMs collection in the past 30 years. By introducing the selected works in different themes, it precisely illustrates the artists training and self-discovery and discuss multicultural development during the period. norme et Riquiqui is a beautiful picture book by a French designer. Its interesting three-dimensional book design provides children great fun experiencing the size changes of objects. It also helps children learn about the relationship between them and their surroundings by showing different distances and various sizes of animal footprints.Spending Year of Sulfur in Taipei is a documentary exploring old Taipei. Incorporating with sorted historical document, it brings audiences back to the gold years of sulfur three hundred years ago.The Dedication of Life is a picture book embedding Hakka novel style in illustration. Not only is it literature and arts, it also serves educational purposes. Another winning title of the THAC, Little Chucklings World, is a childrens songs album. The THAC invites Yi-chang Wen (Misa), Sirong Lo and Sheng-xiang Lin, winners of the Hakka Music Awards in Hakka language category, to make songs with the content of The Dedication of Life, written by Golden Tripod Award winner Yao-ming Gan. All the songs are sang by the students of the Shitan Elementary School, where the story takes place. The album, crossing arts and music fields, is a perfect material for children to learn about Hakka culture.In line with the policy redeveloping Taipeis western area, The Taste of Old Town Taipei is published to promote the culinary tourism of the old areas such as Mengjia, Dadaocheng, Dalongtong, etc. With beautiful writings, a useful restaurant index and Taipei Metro map, Jiao Tong, the leading writer in culinary literature, takes travelers to enjoy Taipeis unique dishes.Government publications are important for the accumulation and sharing of government knowledge and experiences. They carry and deliver Taipei City Governments international perspective and viewpoints on culture and history and illustrate local characteristics. Moreover, they have an essential role in promoting government policies, serving as a communication bridge between Taipei City Government and the public. It is hoped that Taipei City Government publications will further integrate resources of all departments to meet peoples needs and social trends. Through the cooperation between departments and the distribution of publications, the public will learn more about the public values and interests government publications could create.
    The Research, Development and Evaluation Commission (hereinafter referred to as the RDEC,) Taipei City Government, unveiled the new version of the i-Voting, Taipeis online public voting system. The updated system is expected to enhance Taipei citizens understanding for the channels participating in the citys policy formulation and implementation. The RDEC also invited citizens to propose public-related topics for voting on the new system.    The REDC appreciates Taipei citizens suggestions for improving the i-Voting system launched in 2015. Accordingly, the REDC upgraded the system and the i-Voting procedures. The new procedures consist of 6 steps: proposal submission, preliminary proposal review proposal discussion, voting topic finalization, voting topics upload and promotion, voting, result announcement and implementation.    The improved procedures ensure to fulfill the four main features of the new system. 1. In addition to the citys agencies, the public can propose the topics they are concerned about. The newly participation platform allows people to propose voting topics and give suggestions directly 2. Emphasizing the process of promotion and discussion. The voting topics are no longer determined by the agencies alone. Instead, they are open to the public for discussion 3. Clearly defining the scope of the voting topics. Taipei City Government takes charge of the scope and limit it to citizens interests and rights 4. i-Voting results incorporated into future policies. The agencies in charge announce prior to the voting how the voting results will be applied. The progress and all information regarding the use of the results will be fully made available to the public.    The first proposal appearing on the new system, announced by the RDEC and the Taipei Zoo, is whether to increase the opening hours of the Taipei Zoo. The proposal is currently at the preliminary review stage. It has been submitted to internal and external committee members to determine if it will become an i-Voting topic. Mayor Wenje Ko commented the new i-Voting is more than an online voting system. It demonstrates the spirit of democracy by emphasizing citizens participation in public policy decision-making and the process of full discussion with citizens.     The RDEC said i-Voing is different from other online voting systems. It is not only a voting mechanism but also a platform for citizens to discuss public affairs and express opinions. Furthermore, it ensures participating citizens to receive responses from relevant agencies. It is a well-rounded public participation process. Taipei City Government encourage citizens to give their attention to public related issues and further initiate topics to be discussed and voted on the new system, in hoping to work with citizens to carry forward the civic participation spirit of the i-Voting 2.0 and to make Taipei a better city together.
  The Taipei Lantern Festival (hereinafter referred to as the Festival) was held in the west side of Taipei this year (2017). It was the first time for the west side to be the venue of the Festival. In order to have an understanding of Taipei citizens opinions about the 2017 Festival, the Research, Development and Evaluation Commission conducted a survey in February. The result shows that 83% of the respondents knew the venue of the Festival was changed to the west side 55% liked the main display-Wonder Chick Family and 59% agreed the arrangement of the 2017 Festival is more innovative than that in the past.  Among the 974 respondents who knew about the Festival, 26% physically visited the Festival 48% was satisfied with the event, while 12% was not. In regard to the satisfying reasons, 31% chose the creative main display, 25% for the venue change, and 17% for the overall arrangement for those who was not happy with the Festival, 41% blamed the venue was too small, 31% thought it was the traffic congestion, and 23% for the poor planning of the exhibition routes.  For the 252 respondents who physically visited the Festival, 77% was satisfied with it, while 17% was not. In addition, approximately 70% came to the Festival by public transportation (52% took the MRT, 15% by bus) 66% was satisfied with the traffic condition and 66% also shopped in the area when visited the lantern festival.  The poll also reveals that 62% of the respondents agreed the Festival help the development of the west side and, 45% supported to have the Festival in the west side of the city in the future.  The poll is based on telephone interview conducted in the evenings on February 20-22, 2017, interviewing 1,172 people living in Taipei and aged 18 or older. The telephone numbers are randomly selected from residential numbers in Taipei City. The margin of sampling error is 2.86% with a 95% confidence level.
Presently, there are 59 traditional or specialty commercial districts in Taipei. Since commercial districts have a strong connection with peoples life, the Research, Development and Evaluation Commission conducted a survey to collect peoples opinion about the development and management. The survey was run before the Lunar New Year and interviewed people aged 18 or older. The result reveals 81% of the respondents visit Taipeis commercial districts at least once in the past year, and 53% visited at least once a month. Given a multiple-choice format, more than 30% of the respondents said they visit commercial districts because they are at the neighborhood or for featuring foods. The poll also finds most of the interviewees are supportive of commercial districts. 57% of them agree the development does not negatively affect the quality of life 66% believe it is necessary for the government to intervene 58% agrees with stricter management and 45% thinks the government shall give priority to environmental sanitation and food safety.   For the question regarding the reason making purchases at the commercial districts instead of other distribution channels or internet, 34% of the 877 respondents who visited Taipeis commercial districts at least once in the past year choose to shop at the commercial district because it is close by, while 32% do so for its featuring foods or restaurants 17% of them visit for the one-stop convenience, covering food, clothing and leisure needs 16% are for the purpose of shoe, camera or wedding dress shopping and, 8% come simply because they prefer physical store shopping.   When being asked what aspects of the commercial district development the government shall get involved in the first, using the multiple-choice format and without any clue given, 45% of the respondents choose environmental sanitation and food safety, 32% give priority to the improvement of parking availability and traffic, 31% pick pedestrian environment, and 10% finds public facilities such as toilets, lactation room, etc. shall be the first to be taken care of.     Taipei City Government notes that peoples concerns for commercial districts such as environmental sanitation, food safety, parking, pedestrian environmental quality, etc., have been included in highlighted tasks of Taipei City Governments strategy map. Taipei City Government will continue the use of the strategy map and the balanced scorecard to achieve strategic goals, ensuring pleasant, comfortable, and safe surroundings of all commercial districts.   The survey was also intended to learn about peoples satisfaction with public construction. The result shows that 45% are satisfied with it, while 33 % are not. Among those not happy with it (353 respondents), given multiple choice questions, 27% consider the progress of construction is slow, 24% think the planning in general is bad, 16% are not happy with the potholes or uneven pavements. Analyzing interviewees answers to the multiple choice questions, 88% of them think public construction refers to roads, the Metro Rapid Transit, bike lanes, and pedestrian walkways, etc., while 44% relates to public buildings and facilities.   The poll is based on telephone interview conducted in the evenings on January 17-20, 2017, interviewing 1,079 people living in Taipei and aged 18 or older. The telephone numbers are randomly selected from residential numbers in Taipei City. The margin of sampling error is 2.98% with a 95% confidence level.
The Taipei City Government held a press conference promoting the Taipei City Government Single Window Complaint System (https://hello.gov.taipei/Front/main hereinafter referred to as the new system) today (January 3, 2017) to help people learn about the new system. At the press conference, Mayor Wen-je Ko introduced the functions and features of the new system. In addition, he also demonstrated on-site how to use the system by using it to solve Bravos problems (Bravo is the mascot for the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei.) Mayor Ko and Bravo worked hand-in-hand to make the system known to the public.Mayor Ko proposed fix TPE, an instantaneous complaint/problem filing system, and promised to build friendly Taipei during his election campaign.  In order to fulfill his campaign promises, speed up administrative processing, and noticing the Mayors Mailbox and the old Single Window Compliant System have been in use for more than 10 years, Mayor Ko instructed in 2015 the Department of Information Technology and the Research, Development and Evaluation Commission to develop a new one-stop platform integrating all complaints channels. As a result, the new Single Window Complaint System was officially launched on November 1, 2016.There are five key features of the new system. 1. Integration of all complaints channels: The new system integrates City Affairs Mailbox, 1999 Citizen Hotline, and walk-in services at respective agencies. The design is to manage the processing and tracking of all received requests in one single system 2. Automatic dispatching (and adding the online filing channel): Instead of manually dispatching requests to the responsible departments, the new system can automatically and correctively send cases to the corresponding offices. It effectively saves labor, simplifies procedures, and significantly reduces paper consumption 3. GIS positioning: The new system is equipped with Geographical Information System (GIS). The automatic positioning function saves people the trouble to key in the address of their location 4. Instant upload: When people see malfunctioned or damaged facilities, the new system allows them to instantly upload photos and videos to report the problem for fixing 5. Prompt responses: All requests are reviewed and processed online. Iit considerably accelerates the process (processing time reduced from 10 days to 6 days,) so citizens requests can be answered at the shortest time possible.  In addition, as data masking conceals personally identifiable personal information, the new system can be used for big data analysis, open data and mobile computing and, further help build a real-time warning system to prevent a problem from growing into a disaster. For example, by running a cross correlation analysis on reporting data of illegal parking and real-time parking data, TCG can find out the reasons of illegal parking and formulate corresponding strategies according.   The single window complaint system will be open for private companies to file requests in the future. The open API will also be made available to developers to create more diversified reporting services. It is hoped the new system will enhance government-industry-academia collaboration, and further help solve municipal problems, improve administrative operation, and ensure barrier-free communication between the government and people.
Open government data is one of the prominent policies Mayor Wen-je Ko has been pushing for since he took office. In addition to formulate policies and regulations for all agencies of Taipei City Government (hereinafter referred to as TCG) to make data available to the public, TCG promulgated the Operation Guidelines Governing Incentive Rewards for Research Using Taipei City Government Data in 2016. Furthermore, from September through December of the same year, TCG held the first-ever competition inviting the public to submit research paper using TCG open data. The grand prize and top excellence prize respectively go to Spatial Data Mining on Parking Violation Cases in 1999 Citizen Hotline of Taipei City Government: Kernel Density Estimation as the Tool and Using Open Data of Taipei City and New Taipei City to Develop an Innovative Formula for Sightseeing Recommendation. The prizes were conferred in the weekly city administration meeting today (January 10, 2017). Mayor Ko presented the awards in person to the winning teams.               Mayor Ko praised both winning research papers are valuable references for city staff to take care of municipal concerns. The paper using 1999 Citizen Hotline data proposes the possibility of predicting spatial clustering of parking violation by means of geographical data. It also suggests to further study the reasons of such spatial clustering. The other winning paper develops a new tourism recommender system based on collaborative filtering. Mayor Ko also commented the competition was a good start for the use of TCG open data. Better access to more information encourages researchers to produce high-quality studies with an innovative mind. He hopes TCGs efforts on open government data and the competition of research using open data will urge more researchers to make good use of the data in the future. Furthermore, it is hoped they will offer research-based advice for policymaking and implementation, find solutions for municipal problems and provide creative ideas to improve city services.  Mayor Ko thanked all the researchers participating in the competition. He always believes collective wisdom is powerful than individual intelligence. The more researchers use open government data, the more transparent the operation of TCG will become, and the more fulfilled the goal of open government and public participation will be.
  On the day of the winter solstice this year (December 21, 2016), many officials of Taipei City Government and New Taipei City Government got together at the New Taipei City Hall for the 4th deputy mayor meeting of the Taipei-New Taipei Collaboration and Exchanges Platform (hereinafter referred to as the Meeting). Presided over by the Taipei Deputy Mayor Chia-ji Teng and New Taipei City Deputy Mayor Hui-ching Yeh, the Meeting reviewed the collaboration results and shared experiences.  Since two city governments launched the collaboration mechanism together, 92 projects have been carried out and 63 of them have been completed, covering 8 major concerns from transportation, industry development, environment and resources, urban development, education, disaster prevention, public health and welfare, to tourism, culture and creativity. For transportation, two governments have developed more speed bus routes, such as the Banqiao-MRT Jiannan Rd. Station route and the Danhai New Town- MRT Jiannan Rd. Station route launched in November of this year. The project provides express public transit option and make the Taipei- New Taipei bus system more extensive.    In regards to industry development, government officials exchanged opinions and experiences on the jewelry industry, the senior industry, and the design industry. Particularly worth mentioning is the program upgrading the jewelry industry. In addition to helping jewelry stores promote Honesty Mark. the governments invited jewelry stores in Taipei and New Taipei to join the Honest Mark Jewelry Stores Program. It set out to give people peace of mind when buying jewelry and improve the reliability of jewelry products. Furthermore, it hopes to enhance the productivity and increase product values.   The collaboration on disaster prevention and recover is extremely crucial for the geographical proximity of Taipei and New Taipei. In addition to continuing the mutual reporting and support arrangement, joint education and training, and the observational learning on community disaster prevention, two departments conduct joint disaster rescue exercises. The rescue squad of two cities also organized a team to participate in Tokyos disaster prevention drills, in hoping to strengthen the cooperation on internal disaster relief.  Moreover, the Mayors Forum of Taipei, New Taipei, Keelung and Taoyuan on Disaster Prevention was held on August 4, 2016. At the forum, an agreement of mutual support on disaster prevention and rescue was signed. With the concept of four cities as a community, the agreement facilitates the sharing of disaster information, improvement of resource integration and coordination among four city governments, and the effectiveness enhancement of disaster rescue.   On the aspect of public health and welfare, several collaborative projects have been implemented, such as the cross-cities/counties collaboration on communicable disease control, dementia care, training and lectures on group-three and group-four drugs. Two city governments work closely together to take care of citizens health and establish a comprehensive medical and welfare resource network. The collaboration will be continued to develop long-term care plans and a joint medical information system for municipal hospitals of both cities.    With the belief in shared prosperity, Taipei City Government and New Taipei City Government will develop more collaborative projects, integrating diverse resources to promise citizens of both cities a more convenient living and a thriving future.
Taipei City Government announced today (November 1, 2016) the official launch of Input Initiative  Taipei City Government Single Window Complaint System (hereinafter referred to as the Initiative) (https://hello.gov.taipei/Front/main), which integrates City Affairs Mailbox, 1999 Citizen Hotline, and counter or phone inquiry services of all agencies.  The Initiative is designed to realize Mayor Kos ideal of open government and public participation, and expected to help the administration understand peoples needs, detect potential incidents or matters required attentions, analyze collected information, and further serve as a reference for decision making.The single window system allows people to file requests concerning their daily living on the website or with the app, such as trash and noise management, household water supplies, broken street lights, dysfunctional traffic signals, etc.  They can write about the problems, upload photos, and give location information anytime with mobile devices. Once a request is received in the system, it would be automatically dispatched to the responsible agencies. All the cases are completely processed online, as a result, the efficiency is significantly enhanced.The Research, Development and Evaluation Commission, Taipei City Government indicates that the Initiative will also include two more major systems, Open Data and Big Data, in the future. As the database integration and de-identification of all information are completed, the data will be released for the use of the public. It is hoped to encourage creative and value-added uses of the data and become a reference for all agencies in formulating policies.
Q.1 What is the purpose for the Taipei City Government to conduct the survey? And, what is the benefit?Answer: We thank you for spending time to assist with this survey project. Taipei City Mayor Wenje Ko initiated this project to help the city government formulate policies better meeting peoples wishes and needs. Furthermore, it is hoped to increase peoples satisfaction for his administration. The questionnaire is meant to gain an extensive understanding of external customers opinions about different departments policies, and serve as a reference for these departments to improve the implementation in the future. Q.2 How are the survey respondents selected?Answer: First of all, Taipei City Government singled out 10 polices concerning peoples rights and interests. The departments responsible for these 10 policies then chose the external customers involved in the key performance indexes, the operation and management of outsourced venues, coaching and evaluation, grands and rewards, etc. as the respondents.  Q.3 What is the survey method? And, who shall fill out the questionnaire?Answer: The survey will be conducted online. The person in charge of the office/organization is expected to fill out the questionnaire. Alternatively, he or she can assign one to complete it.          Q.4 When will the survey begin? How do we take the questionnaire?Answer: The questionnaire will be available online from October 31, 2016 to November 11, 2016. The hyperlink of the questionnaire, an ID and password will be emailed to the selected respondents. Once the ID and password are entered at the log in page, the respondent may start to answer the questions. Please note that one ID and password can only be used once. Make sure you take the one-time opportunity to express your thoughts. Q.5 Is the survey anonymous? How the personal information is protected?Answer: The ID and password provided are only for accessing the online questionnaire. Personal information will neither be included as part of the survey result nor be used for analysis. The ID, password, and personal information will only be stored in the system and never be released to other departments or external organizations.   Q.6 How is the survey result released?Answer: Respondents can return to the same website of the questionnaire for the preliminary survey result. In addition, an in-depth final report will be available at the official website of the Research, Development, and Evaluation Commission, Taipei City Government after the project is closed.    The Step-by-step Breakdown of Completing the External Customer Satisfaction Survey 1.Go to the survey website2.Log in to the online questionnaire with the provided ID and password. 3.Answer the questions one by one. 4.Watch the survey result after completing all questions.
    Open government data is one of Taipei City Governments recent prominent policies. Since the policy was implemented, the number and type of data made available to the public by the departments of Taipei City Government have been growing. Up till today, there are more than 2,000 pieces of data on Data.Taipei  the open data platform of Taipei City Government, ranking number one among all local government nationwide.    In order to encourage and enhance the use of the open data, Taipei City Government promulgated the Operation Guidelines Governing Incentive Rewards for Research Using Taipei City Government Data (hereinafter referred to as the Guidelines) on January 27, 2016, and amended the third-place reward section of the Guidelines on April 13, 2015. The reward is now open for application from September 1 through September 30 (postmarked by September 30, 2016). Those interested shall mail their research papers along with required document to the Data and Publication Management Division of the Research, Development, and Evaluation Commission (12F South-East Area, No. 1, Shifu Rd., Xinyi District, Taipei) and noted Application/Rewards for Research Paper Using Taipei City Government Data.     A total of NTD 250,000 is allocated for the winning papers, awarded in three levels  grand prize, top excellence, and excellence.  Taipei City Government welcomes the use of Taipei City Government data and further encourages to submit the result to compete for the rewards. For more information regarding the application, please see the file attached here, go to the Laws & Regulations Database of Taipei City for the full content of the Guidelines, or contact Mr. Chen at 02-27208889 ext. 7786.
  On September 1, 2015, the Taipei Youth Commission (hereinafter referred to as the Commission) was established in order to carry out Mayor Wen-je Kos political ideal of open government and public participation. The Commission is anticipated to develop a blueprint for the young Taipei citizens future through the expansion of youth participation and the integration of social resources. The committee for representative selection has announced the external youth representatives for the 2nd Commission. The 10 youth representatives, selected from online self-nominations, are Wei-chih Yan, Yan-liang Chen, Chun-lun Lin, Chih-hao Yu, Chien-ying Yang, Chia-ching Chen, Huan-chun Lin, Po-wei Chen, Yu-wen Liao, and Jung-shen Wu.  Mayor Ko continues to serve as Chairperson of the Taipei Young Commission. He appoints Specialist Pao-hsuan Wang of Mayors Office and invites Jason Huang, Advisor to the Social Media Research Center of the Chinese Culture University to be the vice chairpersons. Mayor Ko also chooses three brilliant youths, namely Ta-han Lin, Hsin-chieh Lu, and Wei-ming Lin, to be the expert members. The representatives from the Taipei City Government are Li-min Hsu, Commissioner of the Department of Social Welfare, Hsiang-ling Lai, Commissioner of Labor Affairs, Shih-tsung Lan, Commissioner of the Department of Civil Affairs, Chung-chieh Lin, Commissioner of the Department of Economic Development, Yu-yan Chien, Commissioner of the Department of Tourism and Information. All 21 members of the Commission serve a one-year term (September 1, 2016 through Augut 31, 2017) without compensation.  Mayor Ko is determined to make Taipei a livable and sustainable city, which is one of the goals in the strategy maps of Taipei City Government.  For the next phase of Taipeis long-term development, Mayor Ko thinks it is important to adopt the youths opinions in the planning of education, career development, business startup, housing, maternity, etc.  for young people. For the policies to fully answer youth needs, their thoughts about urban development and municipal services shall be taken into account. He also reckons that their ideas would invigorate Taipeis development.  Young people are the key to the progress of Taipei City. The Taipei Youth Commission brings together the administrative team, youth leaders, and social elites. By way of opinion collection and exchange, the Commission sets out to discover young peoples needs and make policies the most advantageous for their future. Mayor Ko believes the Commission represents the youth to communicate with the municipal administration and will policy making and execution more well-rounded and vibrant.
  Presided over by Dr. Chia-ji Teng and Dr. You-yi Hou, Deputy Mayors of Taipei and New Taipei City Deputy,  the 3rd deputy mayor meeting of the Taipei-New Taipei Collaboration and Exchanges Platform (hereinafter referred to as the Meeting) was held in the Taipei City Hall today (July 20, 2016). The Meeting reviewed the progress and results of the collaborative projects in the past a few months.    The Taipei-New Taipei Collaboration and Exchanges Platform (hereinafter referred to as the Platform) has successfully pushed for a total of 87 collaboration projects since 2015. In addition to 45 projects completed in the previous stage, more collaboration mechanisms have been established during the second quarter of 2016, such as the discussion meetings for experience sharing on energy saving, investigations of animal welfare cases, promotion of distinctive cultures, etc. The Platform significantly speeds up the bilateral cooperation and creates a result more than the sum of its parts.   The Meeting confirmed to continue the 38 existing collaborative projects, and add two new projects for the second quarter of 2016. One of the new projects is the training on the category 3 and 4 narcotic drugs the other is the experience exchanges for anti-poverty programs.   It also ensured constant discussion between two governments for more cooperation, sharing, and exchanges to find win-win sustainability.    Particularly mentionable among the implemented projects is the collaboration on the replacement of lead pipes and the Pipe Construction Project for the Feitsui Reservoir to ensure stable water supply and quality drinking water. Since the Pipe Construction Project concerns Taipei and New Taipei citizens daily living, two municipalities work closely together to guarantee long term commitment for the project, in hopes of creating mutual benefit and prosperity.  The Taipei-New Taipei Collaboration and Exchanges Platform devotes to integrate all sorts of available resources and assure efficient vertical and horizontal communication between Taipei and New Taipei City. With all the collaborative projects meeting citizens needs and increasing administrative efficiency, it promises to facilitate a more convenient living and a thriving future for the residents of both cities.
Changes to the FAQ this month: Q. What is the processing timeframe for inquiries proposed to the City Affairs Mailbox?A. In accordance with the Operation Guidelines for the City Affairs Mailbox of the Taipei City Government, the inquiries received at the City Affairs Mailbox shall be responded in 6 working days if the inquiries involve only one agency, while those involving more than one agency shall be responded in 10 days (6 days for the assisting agencies to complete their part and forward their responses to the responsible agency. The responsible agency shall integrate the information and reply to the person filing the inquiry in 4 days.)   Q. Is it required to give contact information and the real name when filing inquiries/complaints? Is it possible for the personal identifiable information provided to be leaked?   A. 1 The Instruction for the Taipei City Government and Affiliating Agencies for Processing Complaints indicate that inquiries or complaints filed in writing, including emails and faxes, shall have clear description of the issue, the filing persons real name and contact information. Cases will not be processed if any of the aforementioned items is not provided. The instruction will be distributed to all agencies of the Taipei City Government.  2. If the inquiries/complaints include confidential information, the responsible agencies shall process them in accordance with the privacy measurement prescribed in the Taipei City Government Implementation Guidelines for Document Processing to ensure the confidentiality of the filing content and the persons identification.  All the procedures involved, such as production, transmission, storage, etc., shall follow the measurement for the processing of confidential document.
  Standing out among 168 participating government agencies nationwide, the Taipei Public Library earned the 8th Government Service Quality Awards, which is established by the Executive Yuan to recognize and promote outstanding government services in the country.  Taipei Public Library has been implementing quality management throughout all branches for years. In addition, it has been committed to simplify procedures and provide online and innovative services for readers, such as the book returning services at convenient stores, online library card application, floating collections etc. It also collaborates with schools and government agencies to open intelligent libraries and the FastBook (automatic book stops), and hold activities on campus to encourage reading.  It hopes to provide Taipei residents comprehensive library and information services.   Disadvantaged groups needs are also well taken care of. Such arrangements or facilities include the branch for the visually impaired and blind, the Multicultural Information Center for New Immigrants, the Model Learning Center for Active Senior Citizens, etc. Furthermore, Taipei Public Library brings reading into communities, intending to make its quality services available and accessible everywhere and anytime to all Taipei residents.        The Research, Development and Evaluation Commission, Taipei City Government, indicates that the excellent innovative services of Taipei Public Library fulfills the core objectives of the Government Service Quality Awards -continuously promoting excellent services to the public and encouraging agencies to provide innovative integration services.  Taipei Public Library will continue to make efforts to realizing its vision of Enhance Reading Capability to Create Urban Competitiveness, and work closely with other offices of Taipei City Government to make Taipei a livable and sustainable city.
  In order to encourage the use of government data, Taipei City Government promulgated the Operation Guidelines Governing Incentive Rewards for Research Using Taipei City Government Data (hereinafter referred to as the Guidelines) on January 27, 2016. A total of NTD 250,000 is allocated for selected excellent papers done by people or organizations outside Taipei City Government giving suggestions and advices on city governance. Lately, the Guidelines have been amended to cover professional and academic subjects more extensively,  The amendment focuses on the subjects of research for the incentive rewards. In addition, the requirements and eligibility are specified. Papers submitted must be at least 20,000 words, and shall be masters theses, doctoral dissertations, or have been published in domestic or international professional/ academic journals. Books on specific subjects are also accepted. Papers shall be written in accordance with the prescribed format. For the paper not following the format, a cover and a table of contents are required.  The application for the incentive awards will be accepted from September 1 to September 30, 2016. Anyone interested in conducting research using Taipei City Government data is welcome to compete for the rewards. For more details, please make reference to the Guidelines attached here, or go to the Law and Regulation Database of Taipei City to find the full content of the Guidelines.
  The 2nd mayor meeting for the Taipei-New Taipei Collaboration and Exchanges Platform (hereinafter referred to as the Meeting) was held in the Taipei City Hall today (March 22, 2016). Presided over by Taipei Mayor Wen-je Ko and New Taipei City Mayor Eric Chu, the Meeting reviewed the progress of all collaborative projects.  Up till now, a total of 45 projects have been completed, including the integration of real time bus information systems, exhibit and sales of agriculture product, the mechanism for imposing the ban on pollution, the optimal operation of Tamsui River sewage interception station, refurbishing and matching services of used furniture, the sharing of learning resources, joint disaster relief exercises, the cooperation and exchange of the special rescue squads, the sharing of designated physical examination hospitals, etc. The joint efforts have been demonstrated successful in many aspects from transportation, environment and resources, urban development, education and culture, disaster prevention, public health, welfare to tourism. For transportation, Taipei eBus was launched on November 25, 2015. The new website integrates the real time bus systems of Taipei and New Taipei to provide people comprehensive and instant bus information. In addition, several bike lanes on bridges connecting two cities have been completed to bring more convenience for people. For instance, those on Taipei Bridge and Huajiang Bridge have been open for use in 2015. In regards to environment and resources, in order to show the determination on knocking down cross-city pollution, the environmental protection departments of both cities worked together to establish the communication mechanism on pollution inspection. Through the mechanism, the inspection efficiency and strength have been significantly enhanced. Moreover, Taipei Zoo and New Taipei Citys Agriculture Department collaborate to recover the population of Taipei grass frogs. The project has successfully bred 200 froglets. In response to the 8th Save the Frog Day worldwide on April 30, 2016, Taipei Zoo will hold Exhibition and Promotion on the Recovery of Taipei Grass Frogs on the same day. Taipei Zoo will continue the recovery project and take a step further to build a habitat for the frogs. Regarding disaster prevention, the cooperation pattern for two cities has been established. In 2015, two cities held joint disaster rescue exercises and exchanged staff to learn from each other. The cooperation will go on in 2016. The joint rescue exercise will be expanded to include Keelung and Taoyuang, accordingly, a joint rescue exercise of four cities is scheduled on March 25, 2016 to simulate the situation when an earthquake hits. In addition to an earthquake evacuation simulation in the four cities, the first disaster shelter exercise in the Daan Forest Park and combinative disaster rescue exercise in the Taipei Main Station are arranged. These exercises aim to examine all related SOPs, enhance rapport among relief workers, and reduce disaster damages. In 2015, the health departments of both cities collaboratively launched Taipei-New Taipei Food Tracer website. It allows people to have better control over the food ingredients and their sources. The two departments will continue the cooperation in 2016 to maintain the platform to further improve food safety. About the bus fare adjustment, two city governments have reached the agreement to form an evaluation commission discussing related issues. In addition to review the implementation of ongoing projects, the Meeting confirms 20 new collaborative projects that concern peoples everyday life, including the replacement of lead pipes, safe water, monthly passes for public transportation, safety management for large-scale events, and so on. Taipei and New Taipei will continue the collaboration to facilitate the development of the greater Taipei area and enhance the welfare of the residents in the area. 
 In order for citizens to fully understand and participate in the operation of Taipei City Government, the Research, Development and Evaluation Commission (hereinafter referred to as the RDEC) and the Department of Information Technology, under the guidance of the Taipei City Government Citizen Participation Advisory Council, jointly built a website disclosing various information pertinent to civic participation. On the Taipei Civic Participation Website (hereinafter referred to as the Website), People can learn about the policy implementation progress of every city department, information regarding citizen meetings, budget overview, city departments visions, etc.  The Chairperson of the RDEC, Dr. Paul Chao-Hsiang Chu indicated that Taipei City Government have formulated a variety of civic participation mechanisms in terms of civic engagement, open data, participatory budgeting, etc. since the Taipei City Government Citizen Participation Advisory Council was established. The launching of the Taipei Civic Participation Website this year marks the city government once again takes a step forward in fulfilling Mayor Kos open government, civic participation.  The Website includes details of the citizen participation meetings, such as meeting time and venue, agenda, and meeting minutes. The progress of Mayor Kos 191 primary policies/projects are also available. Furthermore, people can quickly links to other websites such as Data.Taipei, Taipei City Government Online Forum, Laws and Regulations Database of Taipei City, Participatory Budgeting Website, etc. It is believed open and transparent government and citizens engagement create better governance Taipei thus becomes a better city. Profile of Taipei Civic Participation WebsiteWebsite URL: http://civil.gov.taipeiInformation offered: Progress of Mayor Kos administration, citizen participation meetings, performance of 14 city departments, budget overview, and links to other websites such as Data.Taipei, Taipei City Government Online Forum, Laws and Regulations Database of Taipei City, Participatory Budgeting Website, etc. 
Taipei City Government Achievement Exhibition and i-Voting ResultsMayor Wenje Ko have been pushing for many reforms since he took office. Keeping the mission of serving people and constant innovation in mind, he was committed to make Taipei a sustainable and livable city, and believes change is the key to reach the goal. In the past year, all city departments strove to break conventional thinking and challenge the old decision-making pattern. As a result, several innovative policies have been formulated and implemented one by one. They gradually achieved preliminary success, demonstrating the new administrations policy direction of being close to people.In order to understand what people think about the new administrations policies and performance, the Research, Development, and Evaluation Commission (hereinafter referred to as the RDEC) conducted a survey using i-Voting. Every city department chose an impressive achievement that is believed to meet peoples needs for the pubic to vote online from January 20 through February 3, 2016.  In addition, an achievement exhibition, organized by the RDEC, was held from January 13 to February 3, 2016 at the Taipei City Hall. Both of the voting and exhibition have been closed, but people are continuously encouraged to monitor and advise the city government.   The top 5 policies voted and their responsible city departments are as follows: 1.Police Department: Toughening up Drug and Crime Control2.Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation: Sweet Services Taking you Home on Time Every Day3.Department of Transportation: The Project of Charging On-street Parking Citywide Returns Parking Spaces to People.4.Department of Environmental Protection: Taipei Mosquito Control Clinic5.Department of Information Tourism: Making Taipei the Must Visit Destination in Asia
Mayor Wen-je Ko has made several bold moves to push for innovation and reform since he took office. People are impressed with the new and refreshing municipal development. In order to further break Taipei City Governments policy making pattern of the past to better meet citizens needs and expectation, Mayor Ko decides to make vision statement, performance review, policy objectives, and four-year plan of city departments and offices available to the general public.  He named a few city departments whose missions closely related to citizens daily life to be the first to make the aforesaid information public, including the Department of Civil Affairs, the Department of Education, the Department of Economic Development, the Public Works Department, the Department of Transportation, the Department of Labor, the Police Department, the Department of Health, the Department of Environmental Protection, the Department of Cultural Affairs, the Fire Department, and the Department of Information and Tourism. On January 15, 2016, the vision statement, performance review, policy objectives, and four-year plan of these departments were posted on the Taipei City Government Online Forum (the Online Forum https://www.facebook.com/1415211765449004/) for people to comment and discuss online. All of the other city departments and offices are expected to follow the practice and post the information on the Online Forum by the end of January this year. People will also be allowed to evaluate directly via i-Voting.  
The Second Deputy Mayor Meeting (hereinafter referred to as the Meeting), a platform for Taipei-New Taipei collaboration and exchange, took place at the New Taipei City Hall on December 12, 2015. Chaired by Taipei City Deputy Mayor Chia-chi Teng and New Taipei City Deputy Mayor Chung-cheng Kao, the Meeting is intended to examine the results of the collaborative projects and exchange experiences. Since Mayor Wen-je Ko and Mayor Eric Chu announced the launch of the cooperation mechanisms on March 5 this year, with the joint efforts by the departments of both city governments, the exchange platform has facilitated the development of 65 collaborative projects. Approximately 38 of them have been completed, dealing with issues on transportation, industrial and economic development, environment and resources, urban development, education, disaster prevention, health and welfare, and tourism and cultural creativity. For example, in respect of transportation, the Taipei eBus Website officially took off on November 25. It integrates the dynamic bus system of both cities, so the general public can find comprehensive and real time information of both bus systems anytime.For industrial and economic development, on December 5 the two governments hosted Taipei-New Taipei Mega Job Fair. 125 reputable companies participated in the event to provide a total of 8,800 employment opportunities. In addition, the governments of Taipei, New Taipei and Keelung work together to build the One Travel Circle of Taipei, New Taipei and Keelung. It was the first project for the three city governments to break the administrative boundaries and integrate resources they possessed separately. The project also published a tour handbook Lets Go to Taipei-Keelung Metropolitan Area, introducing 8 theme travel routes and hot spots in the three cities. The handbook covers all the most essential concerns for travel such as food, lodging, sightseeing, shopping, and also offers coupons of 88 stores and restaurants. In addition, it includes all transport information such as the Taipei MRT, YouBike, 6 routes of the Taiwan Tourist Shuttle Service, trains, intercity buses, etc. With just one tour book in hand, backpackers can get around and enjoy the Greater Taipei Area. In the aspect of health and welfare, cross-city and county resources are brought together for the expansion of adult day care services and the cooperation of hospitals for physical examination. The cross-city physical examination program for draftees of New Taipei City started in December 2015. Any Draftee whose household is registered at the junction of Taipei and New Taipei City can have his physical exam at nearby hospitals no matter the hospital is an affiliation to Taipei or New Taipei City. On the issue of disaster prevention, the Fire Departments of both cities continue to cooperate and share resources on the disaster prevention and relief trainings, strengthen collaborative disaster relief operations, and exchange experiences on community-based disaster prevention and special rescue squad to enhance the effectiveness of the disaster prevention in the Greater Taipei Area. Besides the aforesaid collaborative projects, the cooperation on urban development shows remarkable progress. Both cities have agreed to have the same rate for the storage and cremation of the deceased. Except Zhenai Memorial Tower of Taipei, Jinshan District and Xinzhuang District of New Taipei City, many public crematoria and columbaria have joined the program including Yangmingshan Memorial Tower, Fude Memorial Tower and 16 public columbarium of New Taipei City. The same rate policy is expected to take effect on January 1, 2016 for citizens of the two cities to share the funeral and cemetery resources. In addition to the existing collaborative projects, Taipei City Government and New Taipei City Government, upholding the belief in common prosperity, will discover more issues for possible cooperation and continue to integrate versatile resources to build a more convenient and prosperous future for all citizens. 
In order to assist all departments of the Taipei City Government (hereinafter referred to as the TCG) to see what areas to improve, provide better work environment for city employees, and achieve the goal of happy employees defined in the strategy map of Taipei City Government, the Research, Development and Evaluation Commission (hereinafter referred to as the RDEC) ran a city employee survey for the first time. The survey intends to investigate city government employees thoughts on work environment, learning and development, leadership and management, organization and systems, work pressure, and tendency to resignation, etc.  The survey results show city employees feel positive in general about self-satisfaction for job performance, commitment to work, and organization operation and management. Each has an average either closer to or higher than 4 on a 1-6 scale (1=strongly disagree, 2=disagree, 3=disagree somehow, 4=agree somehow, 5=agree, and 6=strongly agree.) Nevertheless, the responses are rather undesirable on work pressure, career development opportunities, and communications?within the organization. 45% of the respondents feel overloaded and 42% say they have to work overtime, which lead to the result that approximately 40% expressed the possibility of leaving current jobs or leaving Taipei City Government.  On questions evaluating chief officials performances, 78.41% of the respondents feel satisfied with their leadership and work performance, and 72.31% are pleased with Mayor Ko. On the scale of 0-100, the average scores for Mayors and chief officials performance are 72.58 and 75.64 respectively.  For those indicating relatively lower satisfaction such as training and learning, career development, salary and benefits, organizational communication, and work pressure, the RDEC will follow up to urge each department of the TCG to identify possible factors, and propose ways to improve practices and measure performances. In addition, in response to the low satisfaction in organizational communication and high expectation for this survey revealed in the response rate of 61.6%, this survey will be conducted regularly every year to establish a constructive cycle of self-examination and expressing opinion. It will help to learn about city employees satisfaction, commitment, and pressure at work.  The survey was conducted via the internet on August 24-September 4 this year, and the paper version was carried out on September 4-22. All data collection was completed on September 25. The questionnaire was distributed to all city employees (approximately 34,000 people including contractors.) and 21,035 completed copies were received (response rate=61.6%). The total number of paper questionnaire distributed is 5,312. The questionnaire used in public schools of Taipei City was paper version in a total 1,451 copies. 1,081 of them were filled out and returned (response rate=74.5%.) 
 Acting Chairperson Name: Ming-Tsai HuangEducation: Master of Public Affairs, Ming Chun UniversityProfessional Experience:- Acting Chairperson, R.D.E.C.,Taipei City Government (2015.10.29-)- Deputy Chairperson, R.D.E.C.,Taipei City Government- Chief Secretary, R.D.E.C.,Taipei City Government
Carrying out Mayor Wen-je Kos political ideal of open government and public participation, the Taipei Youth Commission (hereinafter referred to as the Commission) was officially established with the inaugural meeting on September 1, 2015. The Commission seeks to develop a blueprint for the young Taipei citizens future through the expansion of youth participation and the integration of social resources. The first meeting announced the 10 youth representatives of the Commision selected from the online self-nominations, namely Ta-han Lin, Chun-lun Lin, Ting-yao Hsu, Yan-liang Chen, Wei-lung Ling, Wei-chih Yan, Kuang-yi Ku, Meng-lan Shih, Jun-yu Shih, and Tan Lo. Mayor Ko serves as Chairperson of the Taipei Young Commission and assigns Deputy Mayor Li-fang Chou to be one of the vice chairpersons. The other vice chairperson is the Legislator Yi-jie Chen. The other eight members of the Commission include three expert members - Chien-hsing Huang, Yi-han Lin, Chih-chen Lin, and five officials from the Taipei City Government - Li-min Hsu, Commissioner of the Department of Social Welfare, Hsiang-ling Lai, Commissioner of Labor Affairs, Shih-tsung Lan, Commissioner of the Department of Civil Affairs, Chung-chieh Lin, Commissioner of the Department of Economic Development, Yu-yan Chien, Commissioner of the Department of Tourism and Information. All 21 members of the Commission serve a one-year term without compensation.Mayor Ko sets a goal to surpass Singapore in eight years. For the next stage in the long-term development of Taipei, he thinks it is important to consider young peoples opinions and adopt their perspectives on urban development and public services to develop youth policies, no matter education, employment, entrepreneurship, housing problems, maternity, etc. With youth inputs, the city development will be more dynamic, and the policies will meet their needs better.Young people are the key to bring Taipei City forward. The Taipei Youth Commission brings together the administrative team, youth leaders, and social elites. By way of opinion collection and exchange, the Commission sets out to answer young peoples needs and make policies the most advantageous for their future. Mayor Ko believes the Commission represents the youth to communicate with the municipal administration and will invigorate policy making and execution.  
The youth is the hope of the nation and the engine moving the society forward. For the belief, Taipei City Government established Taipei Youth Commission to strengthen the communication with young people. Through direct dialogue, it is hoped that young peoples opinions will be taken into account in policy making and thus makes the policy implementation more well-rounded and vibrant. Youth voice shall be heard and youth dreams can be realized. Taipei Youth Commission invited young people under 45 and interested or having ambitions in public affairs to compete for a seat in the commission, no matter what youth issues they are concerned about, such as education, employment, entrepreneurship, housing problems, maternity, etc. The self-nomination for the youth representatives was open for interested young people to enroll online and had been closed in July. The selection result will be announced soon.  
The Second Meeting of the Taipei Citizen Participation Committee (hereafter referred to as the Meeting) was held on July 8, 2015. A live webcast was pioneered for the entire meeting, enabling people to view the meeting process online for the first time (available at https://livehouse.in/channel/KPtaipei/ please use Google Chrome).During the meeting, the new committee member was introduced - Shih-hui Yang, the office director of the Wild at Heart Legal Defense Association, Taiwan. In addition, several mechanisms regarding citizen participation and open government data were discussed, such as Guidelines Governing the Establishment of the Taipei Citizen Participation Committee, Operation Guidelines for Internet Voting, Regulations Governing the Open Data of the Taipei City Government, Procedures of Citizens Initiated Proposals and Proposal Review for Participatory Budgeting.Mayor Wen-je Ko extended his appreciation at the meeting for the efforts of the committee members and government staff. He praised that in only three months, the committee had completed several frameworks and mechanisms on public participation and open data, and organized a few pilot programs and promotions. Nevertheless, Mayor Ko continued, these accomplishments were just the start. A lot more work await ahead, such as the establishment of standard operating procedures for citizen participation, promotion and education of citizen participation procedures, etc. He also emphasized again the administrative operation would be more well-rounded only if the government data is open, citizens opinions are embraced, and related mechanisms are established. The Meeting passed Operation Guidelines for Internet Voting and Procedures of Citizen Initiated Proposals and Proposal Review for Participatory Budgeting, which will be submitted to the Municipal Meeting for discussion. Besides, two standard operating procedures and Regulations Governing the Open Data of Taipei City Government will be posted on the Taipei City Government Online Forum, inviting people to express their opinions. These opinions will be collected for further discussion, realizing the political ideal of open government and public participation. May Ko further said, Taipei City Government will take the committee members suggestion to build an integrated website for public participation in the future when related mechanisms, such as balanced scorecard and key performance index, are well developed and the building of an online platform is viable. The website will allow people to search for and find all information about citizen participation. Department chiefs can also post their administrative reports, and the objectives, timelines and progress of their policies onto the website. It is hoped to enhance the communication and interaction between the government and the people, and help the public to learn about the operation and progress of government offices.In order to make it easier for people to file petition or complaints, and increase the response efficiency of departments and offices, Taipei City Government will complete the planning of a single window system for petition filing by the end of this year. It is expected to maximize the value and use of the open data and allow people to find more useful government information. 
Beating off competition from 174 government agencies nationwide, Taipei City Government won the 7th Government Service Quality Awards for the project of Riverside Splendor Redefined  Ever-changing Riverbanks, Cheerful Taipei. The Government Service Award, established by the Executive Yuan, recognizes excellent government services in the country. After years of endeavor, Taipei City Government was applauded for the accomplishment in bringing Taipei citizens 6 riverside parks of different themes and 112 kilometers of bike lanes with well-rounded services. In order to enhance and diversify the recreational function of riverside parks, and encourage the public to come closer to rivers, the Pubic Works Department, Taipei City Government (hereinafter referred to as the PWD) redecorated the riverside parks with different themes incorporating distinctive community elements. Keeping the ecological conservation in mind and setting out to provide the best service, the PWD created environmentally friendly places for the public to run, bike, camp, play balls, enjoy flowers, walk dogs, etc. Moreover, the PWD prepares hand crank trikes and four wheel bikes for physically challenged people and family visitors. With extensive and hearty services, Taipei City Government accomplishes the goal -- Ever-changing Riverbanks, Cheerful Taipei.The transformed riverside parks have become a popular recreation destination for people and a pleasant home for riverside organisms. As a result, Taipei was ranked the best in the categories of Barrier Free Environment and Healthy City respectively for the 5th and 6th Taiwan Awards for Healthy Cities and Senior Friendly Cities. Additionally, in 2016, Taipei was honored to be the first Asian city to host the Velo-City Global. It was a successful marketing event for Taipei, impressing the world with the constantly improved cycling environment,. The Research, Development, and Evaluation Commission, Taipei City Government indicates that the versatile innovative services by the PWD speak well for the essential goals of the Government Service Quality Award -- commitment for service satisfaction and innovative and integrated services. With the ever-improving water conservancy construction, the PWD will continue to enhance and diversify the function of riverside parks. It is the mission of the PWD to provide the public a high quality service promising safety, efficiency, and green environment and take Taipei further to become a world-class city embracing rivers, humanities, science and technology. 
On May 20, 2015, Taipei City Government Online Forum (hereinafter referred to as the TCG Forum) was announced officially open. The first issue for discussion, proposed by the Department of Finance, was the five myths about the BOT. The public can find the TCG Forum on Facebook by searching Taipei City Government Online Forum (in Chinese). On the TCG Forum, everyone is welcome to express opinions and make suggestions about the topics brought up by the departments of Taipei City Government. For a topic initiated by the public, the responsible departments will process those hold explicit and concrete suggestions, requests and gains 500 likes. After processing, the departments will announce the result on the TCG Forum. The TCG Forum is another quick channel to collect peoples views, said the Research, Development and Evaluation Commission (hereinafter referred to as RDEC.) It is intended to understand peoples thoughts and meet their needs more speedily and efficiently. The TCG Forum was established to realize the political ideal of open government and public participation. It is hoped the internet resources will enable a more extensive collection of public opinions and encourage public participation and discussion on municipal policies. Every department of Taipei City Government can submit discussion topics to the TCG Forum for discussion before, in the middle or after the policy decision making. In addition, public opinions gathered from any platforms can be posted on the TCG Forum. It is believed the TCG Forum will allow the departments to understand peoples thoughts and meet their needs more promptly in policy decision making. RDEC indicates that in order to prevent the discussion from losing focus, discussion topics on the TCG Forum are raised by the departments of Taipei City Government basing on their needs in communicating with the public. However, a visitor message board is also created on the TCG Forum for the public to voice their opinions or initiate discussions. If a subject carries concrete requests or suggestions, it will be forwarded to responsible departments for processing. Taipei City Government ensures every opinion on the TCG Forum is properly taken care of. Taipei City Government Online Forum: https://goo.gl/z59JFi (in Chinese) 
Carrying out the political ideal of open government and public participation, Taipei City Mayor Ko Wen-je himself serves as the Chair of the Taipei Citizen Participation Committee (hereinafter referred to as the Committee) and presided over the first meeting on April 1, 2015. The Committee has two deputy chairpersons - one is the deputy mayor Li-fang Chou and the other is one of the outside committee members Yu-ya Liu, elected by the committee members at the first meeting to serve the function. The Committee consists of 25 members  three appointed members, 10 department chiefs of the Taipei City Government, and 12 members selected from the open self-nomination. The tree appointed members are Chi Cheng, Shih Hsin-min, and Liu-Lin Wei. Government officials serving as the committee members include Lan Shih-tsung, Commissioner of the Department of Civil Affairs, Tang Chih-min, Commissioner of the Department of Education, Chung Hui-yu, Commissioner of the Department of Transportation, Hsu Li-min, Commissioner of the Department of Social Welfare, Lin Jou Min, Commissioner of the Department of Urban Development, Lee Wei-bin, Commissioner of the Department of Information Technology, Yang Fang-ling, Commissioner of the Department of Legal Affairs, Liang Hsiu-Chu, Commissioner of the Department of Budget, Accounting, and Statistics, etc. In addition, an online self-nomination was open for those interested in public affairs and having substantial experiences in public participation. Twelve members were chosen from the self-nomination list through a selection procedure, including Lu Chia-hua, Lee Chuo-han, Lin Mei-na, Hung Pei-jen, Tang Feng-cheng, Hsu Chia-tian, Chen Ming-li, Chen Yu-chi, Huang Hui-fen, Liu Yu-ya and Hsieh Hui-he. All committee members serve for a two-year term without compensation. Mayor Ko said that municipal affairs are not just for a small group of people. Since he took office, he has been emphasizing open government and public participation. While the establishment of the Citizen Participation Committee is the process to achieve the goal of returning the political power to the people, I-voting and Civil Caf are the pioneering programs to realize the spirit. Mayor Ko also mentioned many issues can be discussed at the Committee, such as how much and to whom the government information to be disclosed, how to carry out participatory budgeting, data mining of the government information after being made openly available, etc. The Committee is expected to become a communication platform, inviting outside opinions and gathering citizens wisdom to help establish and evaluate the public participation mechanisms. In order for more citizens to participate, the first meeting of the Citizen Participation Committee approved the proposal of having online live broadcasting for future meetings. Besides, the missions of the working group on open data and the working group on data mining are highly correlated, the Committee thus decided to merge them into one as the working group on open data. The outside committee members chose the working group to participate in accordance with their preferences. A convener was also elected from group members for each working group. In the future, every working group will hold meetings every month to discuss related issues and push for the establishment and implementation of various systems to realize the democratic ideal of open government and public participation.  
Taipei City and New Taipei City are very close in many ways. With the aim of enhancing the development and international competitiveness of the Greater Taipei Metropolis, two city governments have accomplished several projects together via versatile cooperation mechanisms in recent years. Mayor Ko Wen-je emphasizes the importance of Taipei-New Taipei collaboration. He visited Mayor Eric Chu even before his inauguration to discuss how to bring existing cooperation further and facilitate more win-win projects to benefit the residents of the Greater Taipei Metropolis. Accordingly, the 1st Taipei-New Taipei Collaboration Conference in 2015 (hereinafter referred to as the Conference) was held on March 5, 2015 at the Herwan Hotel in Pingxi District, New Taipei City. The new collaboration was unveiled as the Taipei City Government presented Taipei 101 porcelain cups to the attending officials of New Taipei City. At the end of the conference, Taipei Mayor Ko and New Taipei Mayor Chu flied a lantern into the sky to pray for the new collaboration and the citizens of both cities. At the Conference, 46 collaborative projects were included in the agenda for discussion. In the aspect of transportation, the conference reviewed the bridges and roads across two cities, discussed to add more bike lanes and improve cyclists safety. For urban development, two city governments reached a common understanding on the use of the 2017 Taipei Summer Universiade Athletes Village after the game. It is agreed to turn the Village into social rented housing, which will help to solve the housing problem for citizens. In terms of industrial and economic development, attending officials discussed the possibility of integrating wholesale markets of both cities in hopes to maximize the effectiveness and function of the markets by making good use of both citys advantages and resources. Also initiated at the Conference was a project to urge for cooperation on vocational training and the sharing of employment resources. On the issue of disaster prevention, the special rescue squad of both cities will exchange experiences and strengthen collaboration to build up stronger camaraderie in executing disaster relief operations. Taipei City Government shared the experiences on building the food ingredients registration platform. Additionally, the sharing of the existing registration platform was discussed at the Conference in hopes to ensure citizens food safety. For tourism, two city governments will continue to expand and promote the travel circle of Taipei, New Taipei and Keelung and integrate resources for tourism marketing. For instance, they will join to propose several tour packages and organize promotion events at tourism exhibition overseas to showcase the soft power of Taipei and New Taipei in tourism. In the aspect of education and culture, two city governments will make joint effort in collecting knowledge about Hakka and aboriginal culture, encourage the sharing of teaching materials and organize versatile activities. In addition, Mayor Ko said the issues regarding new immigrants should be included for discussion to increase economic size. In order to review the collaborative projects regularly, each project team will hold meetings every season. Furthermore, meetings involving deputy mayors will be held every six months, and mayors will meet once a year. As officials of two city governments exchange opinions and experiences, they break the boundaries to find a shared understanding about the cooperation. Hand in hand they work to promise more convenience and better quality living for citizens of Taipei and New Taipei.  
In January, the 1999 Taipei Citizen Hotline received three group of visitors, they are from the Research and Evaluation Commission of Taoyuan City, the 1985 Hotline of Ministry of National Defense, and the Mayors 24 Hour Constituent Service of City of Boston, U.S.. It's our pleasure to share experience with these groups.
ChairpersonName: Chen, Ming-ShiunEducation: Ph.D., State University of New York at Buffalo 
The Fun Taipei - Exhibition of Interactive Installations, (hereafter referred to as the Exhibition) organized by the Research, Evaluation and Development Commission, Taipei City Government, is open to the public on October 25, 2014 through December 14, 2014. The Exhibition is located at the badminton hall of the old Air Force Headquarters (Section 3 of Renai Road.) The Exhibition offers visitors to experience all of Taipeis proudest attractions in one visit. Invited by the REDC, the design team of the exhibit at the Pavilion of Dreams of the 2010 Taipei International Flora Expo, exerted their talents again for this Exhibition. They cleverly combined arts and technologies together to transform many of Taipeis unique charms into a variety of interactive sound and light mechanical art installations, including Taipei 101, yummy food at night markets, green boulevards, Taipei Metro, 1999 Citizens Hotline, YouBike, the Keep Trash Off the Ground program, etc. Not only do visitors have fun with the displays incorporating many interesting elements such as hands-on experience, spinning, lighting, projections, etc., they are also impressed with the design teams extraordinary portrayal of Taipei as a pleasant city to live in. The most eye-catching interactive installation in the Exhibition is the 7-meter-high rotating cake. It looks like a delicious multi-layered cake or a carousel, carrying on the top is Taipei citizens daily happiness, like YouBike, Taipei Metro, Calla Lily of Yangmingshan, Panda Yuan Zai of Taipei Zoo, floating dumplings, etc. In addition to the rotating cake, the giant phone is another super-size interactive installation. Visitors can press the buttons to listen to the interesting requests the call representatives of the 1999 Citizen Hotline received in the past. Nearby the giant phone sits a small theater, playing the story how the call representatives overcame the challenges they encountered. Another device in the Exhibition allowing visitors to create a crime scene by using the setting on the site. If switched to the digital surveillance screen, it also offers the virtual experience of tracking down a thief who is committing a crime. The Exhibition also gives visitors a taste of Taipeis food and drink scene. Visitors are encompassed by coffee aroma when sitting in giant coffee cups. Moreover, three virtual dining tables are set up at one corner of the Exhibition. By way of projection technology, different signature dishes of the night markets in Taipei are put on the tables. It also creates the telepresence of different cooking methods, such as steam, boil, stir fry, fry, etc. For the first two weekends (October 25 and 26, and November 1 and 2), the Organizer held a special event in the Exhibition -- Sharing my love for Taipei. Visitors were invited to check in on their Facebook at the Sharing my love for Taipei counter located at the exit. By checking-in on Facebook, becoming a Line friend of Taipei City Government, or saying I love Taipei out loud, people can participate the draw game to win gifts, such as vouchers for the Sweetme Hotspring Resort, Thousand Years Banquet of the Ningxia Night Market, and hundreds of little gifts prepared by Taipei City Government. Fun Taipei: the Exhibition of Interactive Installations welcomes everyone to come and enjoy a free journey of the citys fun and passion. The Exhibition opens at 10 am-5pm every day from October 25 through December 14, 2014. Free shuttles to the Exhibition site are available at the Exit 2 of Taipei Metro Zhongxiao Fuxing Station. It departs every 15 minutes from 10am to 6pm.  
In order to have a better understanding of Taipei citizens lifestyle, Taipei City Government ran the first poll on related issues such as dining out, social relations, exercise habits, participation in arts and cultural activities, knowledge consumption, internet usage, etc. The poll revealed that approximately 50% of the respondents prepared their dinner at home, 43% had homemade breakfast, and 71% spent more than 2 hours everyday for family activities such as dinning. The recent food safety crisis is probably one of the major reasons for the comeback of homemade food, which may further enhance family relations. In addition, the poll found that in spite of intense work pressure, Taipei citizens high autonomy for their own lives enabled them to make travel and leisure arrangements. 76% of the respondents said they traveled domestically every year, while 49% traveled in China or overseas. On the questions about dining out, 43% of 1004 respondents who had breakfast in the past week answered they had homemade breakfast everyday, while only 29% said they ate breakfast out. Furthermore, cross-tabulations showed that 32% of those who worked or went to school during the week ate breakfast at home everyday. As regards to the lunch habits, whereas 34% of 1058 respondents ate out everyday, 25% had homemade lunch in addition, 49% of the respondents had home-prepared dinner and only 12% dined out every day. When asked about exercise habits, 78% of the respondents worked out at least once a week, with an average of 3.97 times per week and 66.41 minutes every workout. Among those having exercise habits, 50% worked out more than three times a week for at least 30 minutes. The survey results demonstrated exercise had become a common lifestyle in Taipei. The same poll also indicated that peoples participation in arts and cultural activities was relatively low in Taipei, despite a significant increase of available cultural and creative activities and spaces in recent years. Of all respondents, only 57% went to at least one exhibition for free or with a fee in the past year, and 31% went to at least one concert. Moreover, a large percentage of the respondents had never participated in any arts and cultural activities. The result suggested there was plenty of room for Taipei City Government to push policies aiming to blend cultural industries into peoples lives. On the contrary to the results on arts and cultural engagement, the outcome on Taipei citizens participation in tourism is cheerful. 76% of the respondents traveled domestically at least once in the past year, and 9% did more than 12 times. For traveling abroad, 26% did so once a year and 16% twice a year. In other words, almost 50% of the respondents traveled overseas at least once every year, and only 13% had never traveled overseas. The poll showed polarization in Taipei residents book-buying behavior and rare participation in non-work related seminars and speeches, which was probably an impact of easy access to internet information and knowledge. Whereas 43% of the respondents did not buy any books in the past year, 20% purchased more than 10 books. Cross-tabulations also revealed that about 50% of those who bought 7-9 and more than 10 books made their purchases online. For seminars and speeches outside of work, 32% went to one seminar or speech in the past one year, and 47% did not attend any activities alike. Moreover, of all the respondents, 20% said they did not have such habits at all. The poll also investigated Taipei citizens internet usage. It found 86% of the respondents knew how to use internet and 76% had the habit of using internet. In addition, the higher educated the respondents were, the higher internet dependence they had. No matter for work or leisure purposes, the respondents spent an average of more than 4 hours per day online. Moreover, among the 904 respondents who knew how to use internet, 71% used online social networking services, and as high as 91% used social networking websites such as Facebook, Twitter, Plurk, etc. Likewise, 90% used instant message software like Line, Skype, Yahoo Messenger, etc. Poll results also suggested the percentage of respondents who used BBS, internet forums, and personal blogs respectively fell between 11% and 15%. The poll was conducted by the Research, Development, and Evaluation Commission of Taipei City Government in the evenings on September 22-25, 2014. The results are based on telephone interviews with a sample of 1,058 adults, living in Taipei and aged 20 and older. The telephone numbers are randomly selected from residential numbers in Taipei City. The margin of sampling error is 3.01% with a 95% level of confidence. 
At midnight of one Saturday, a group of people in Taipei Metro vests with backpacks got on the midnight Metro train, moving towards the secret base of Taipei Metro - Beitou Maintenance Depot. Guess who this mysterious group was? Taipei Metro Expedition Team it is!Most of Taipei citizens cannot live without Taipei Metro today however, very few know that lots of works lie ahead when the last train finishes the run at midnight. In order for citizens to learn about the complex and massive operations behind the scenes, Taipei Metro Expedition, one activity of Friendly Tour in Taipei series, invited people to enter the work area of Taipei Metro and see day-to-day operations. Sneaked into Taipei Metros Secret BaseFrom the Operation Center to Beitou Maintenance Depot, the Expedition Team explored various departments of Taipei Metro. They were amazed how many works the Operation Center covers, ranging from broadcast announcements in the station to external communication in emergency. In the maintenance depot, they saw several kinds of maintenance vehicles and visited the operation site, seeing flashes and sparks coming out of the rail welding machines. The Expedition Team also met the station chief of the Fuxing Metro Station. He introduced all the work to be done after the last train finishes the service, and shared night-shift staffs special experiences with the participants. Train Shower Show and the Train Dispatching CenterA very interesting activity, watching the automatic washing for the Metro trains, was also arranged for the expedition team. Taipei Metro takes the cleaning of trains seriously. Every washing session takes about 6~7 hours, including manual waxing and detailing by professional cleaners after the automatic washing. The expedition team also visited the Train Dispatching Center. Train dispatchers explained in details how they control the moving directions of all Metro trains, and manage the scheduling and dispatching of trains for different lines every day.A Mini Bar to Boost Energy In order to ensure smooth operations, many staff have to work at midnight. The organizers consulted the night shift staff and set up a mini bar for the participants and those who worked at night to revitalize their energy, providing coffee, tea and several energy drinks. After a break at the mini bar, the team was rebooted for the rest of the midnight expedition. Expedition Teams Amazing TalentsTaipei Metro Expedition was only open for 30 participants this year. The registration became full in one minute after it was open to the public. These lucky participants are very knowledgeable about Taipei Metro. Many of them were incredibly quick in the Taipei Metro Knowledge Quiz. No matter how difficult or unknown the questions were, they could shoot the correct answers right away, such as the original names of Taipei Arena Station and Hongshulin Station. Moreover, one of the participants could recite the names of 103 stations in geographical order. The midnight expedition was like a reunion party for Taipei Metro fans. Taipei Metro Expedition was the first activity of the kind heldat midnight. Not onlydid it create an unprecedented experience, it alsogave the participants an understanding of the hard efforts and complex operation behind the success of Taipei Metro. For more photos of Taipei Metro Expedition and latest news and events of Friendly Tour in Taipei, please go to https://www.facebook.com/taipei14 (Chinese). 
Presided by Taipei Mayor Lung-bin Hau and New Taipei Mayor Eric Chu, the 3th Committee Meeting for the Initiative of Greater Taipei Golden Twin Cities (hereafter referred to as the Initiative) was held today (August 6, 2014) at the Taipei City Hall. Mayor Hau said Taipei and New Taipei not only geographically sit side by side, two cities are also very close to each other administratively. Since the Initiative was launched three years ago, the collaboration between two governments has been demonstrated effective and successful. Mayor Chu also emphasized that it is an inevitable trend for Taipei and New Taipei to merge into one metropolis in the future, and the Initiative has prepared a solid ground for it to happen. Up to date, 57 collaboration projects concerning different issues have been implemented since the Initiative started. For example, in commuting, 10 express intercity bus routes were launched since 2012, significantly reducing Taipei and New Taipei citizens commuting time. In addition, Taipei Metro network keeps expanding and the integration of two cities real-time bus information systems continue to progress. In order to provide services and facilities supporting industry development, Taipei and New Taipei will jointly build a center for cloud computing industry, an exchange center for innovation, incubation and entrepreneurship, and a center for development of cloud computing talents. Lots of joint efforts are also devoted to address environment and resource concerns. For instance, Tamsui River was revitalized after the removal of floating objects. Also undertaken is the water supply improvement project in Banqiao-Xingzhuang areas. By means of effective management and use of the Xindian River water, the project aims for residents of both cities to share quality water supplied by Feitsui Reservoir. In regards to education, Taipei and New Taipei continue to share education resources for young children with hearing and/or vision impairments. Additionally, two governments host activities together such as reading promotion and education programs on public library use. Furthermore, for the Universiade Taipei 2017, the organizing team works hard to bring together available and necessary sports facilities and manpower of both cities to present the best game ever.Another example for the cooperation between two governments is about the disaster prevention and response. In addition to the resource sharing and training, the dispatch of joint rescue and operation is strengthened and experiences on community-based disaster management are exchanged to increase the overall competency on disaster management in greater Taipei region. The Initiative also includes cooperation projects on social welfare, public health, tourism, etc. For example, the newborn infant hearing screening provided by designate hospitals in Taipei and New Taipei is available to residents of both cities joint random testing on lunches at public schools and promotion of breast milk feeding overseas tourism promotion and tourism information services, etc. The initiative of Greater Taipei Golden Twin Cities successfully serves as a platform for Taipei and New Taipei to work hand in hand to maximize their citizens well-being. It also establishes a solid foundation for the integration of Taipei, New Taipei and Keelung in the future.  
Do you know a person is entitled to severance pay even being fired during the probation period? A subsidy that could be more than NTD 12,000 is available for someone who sends his/her 5-year-old to a public kindergarten and? And, an application for a relief fund up to NTD 30,000 could be filed as soon as the familys primary breadwinner is out of work? If you have such concerns or any questions regarding labor rights, education, and social welfare, you could always dial 1999, then press 2 for professional assistance from 1999 call representatives with visual impairment. 1999 Taipei Citizen Hotline (hereinafter referred to as the 1999 Hotline), in compliance with the People with Disabilities Rights Protection Act, organizes the largest work team comprising of workers with visual impairment among all customer service centers of the government sectors in Taiwan. On February 15, 2012, the 1999 Hotline started the cooperation with the Center of Resources for Blind and Visual Impaired Students at the Tamkang University to recruit 12 visually impaired workers. After fulfilling the training requirement, they become part of the 1999 call representative team and have been serving the public since August 9, 2012. Among the 12 representatives, four are blind, and the other 8 representatives have mild visual impairment. In the beginning, they focused on providing information services concerning labor rights.Junyuan is one of the visually impaired representatives. He recalls one of the services he provided and feels proud of. It was a call from a mother asking help on job search for her son, who had graduated from school for quite a while. Junyuan noticed that she seemed still unhappy after he gave her the information, so he kindly asked if there was anything further he could assist. She then admitted that instead of lacking job information, what she was really troubled was that her son failed to get a job after many interviews. Later on during the same call, she finally revealed her son was turned down many times because of his moderate disability.Junyuan immediately empathized with the situation from the bottom of his heart. He shared his own similar experiences with this worried mom and provided information specific to her need. He also suggested her to go to the Taipei City Foreign and Disabled Labor Office. The office not only helps the physically challenged find jobs, it also gives supports for working people with disabilities, such as the assistance for employees to do job redesign to hire people with disabilities. Junyuans words gradually lessened her frustration. The burden on her shoulder seemed removed when she hung up the phone, said Junyuan. A telephone call may not be something grand, but it is not any less capable of giving hopes to people in despair. In addition to the information services on labor rights, these visually impaired representatives have been given a new responsibility  providing information regarding education since December 2, 2013. Furthermore, information on social welfare was added on June 16, 2014. For anyone who wants to learn more about labor rights, education, and social welfare, please dial 1999 then press 2, professional assistance will be available immediately.  
Change is one of the keys for cities to turn a new page. In order to learn from each others experiences to make changes for a better future, Taipei City Government and Shanghai City Government (hereinafter referred to as TCG and SCG respectively) have been taking turns to host Taipei-Shanghai City Forum (hereinafter referred to as the Forum) since 2010. The Forum has been a successful reference model for exchanges between cities of Taiwan and mainland China. The 5th Forum, hosted by TCG, was held on June 9, 2014 in Taipei and featured Changing City, City of Design and Innovation, Green and Convenient City, etc.Taipei and Shanghai learn from each other to improve the quality of their administration, Taipeis Deputy Mayor Dr. Ting-yu Ting remarked at the Forum. The Forum serves as a perfect platform for the two cities to exchange valuable experiences. For instance, the performance of Shanghais 12345 Citizen Hotline has been greatly enhanced afterSCG adopted the management and operations of TCGs1999 Citizen Hotline. Taipei also learned from Shanghai. Shanghais philosophy in preserving historical monuments, especially the concept of restoring the old look, inspired TCGs new thinking on the preservation of historical monuments. Deputy Mayor Ting also emphasized that citizens are the most powerful engines for a city to keep making progress, so TCG always partners up with Taipei citizens in policy making and project execution. To demonstrate the importance of the partnership between TCG and its citizens, TCG produced a short film titled Taipei, a Changing City  Opportunity, Convenience and Thoughtfulness last year. More than 300 citizens were interviewed for the film and expressed what they felt about Taipei. Most of the interviewees think Taipei is a city with abundant opportunities and thoughtful government services. It is also a city great for people in pursuit of dreams.Shanghai City Deputy Mayor Guanshao Tu pointed out at the Forum that TCG and SCG share one important belief  never stops thinking how to make it a better city to live and trying to put it into practice. The Taipei-Shanghai City Forum held every yearis exactly for the purpose. The five years of exchanges through the Forum have substantially improved both governments and their city governance in many aspects. He also said Taipeis experiences were brought up often in SCGs internal meetings regarding city development.At the 5th Taipei-Shanghai City Forum, the University of Taipei and Fudan University signed a memorandum of cooperation. In addition, TCG and SCG signed memorandums of understanding for cooperation on arts festival, district administration, etc. In addition to the Forum, Shanghai delegation attended the opening ceremony of 2014 Taipei-Shanghai High School Sports Festival and the kickoff of the Womens Baseball Tournament. The delegation also visited Zhongshan residence and service center for the elderly, Zhongshan Parent-Child Center, Neihu Refurbished Furniture Exhibition Center, etc. It is expected the profound and intense exchanges would bring out more development potentials and create sustainable prosperity for both Taipei and Shanghai.  
Have you ever imagined of browsing more than 800 Taipei City Government (hereafter referred to as TCG) publications on the cloud? Taipei City Government launches ITaipei Municipal Cloud Services  Taipei City Government Publications today (May 8, 2014), which pioneers in the country to make government publications available on the internet. With the new cloud services, people could read all books published by the TCG on their table PCs, smart phones, or pad PCs. In addition, they could get holds of any latest TCG information, such as statistics, law and regulations, etc.Research, Development and Evaluation Commission, Taipei City Government (hereafter referred to as RDEC) states that in responding to the rapid growth and popularity of cloud services, and in order for people to read TCG publications and search TCG information at any time, TCG initiated the project constructing TCG Publication Cloud Platform, the first publication cloud offered by a government office in Taiwan. This new cloud service allows people to search the information they need by keywords. For instance, if a person is looking for information about Yuan Zai, the baby panda born in Taipei Zoo last year, all it takes is to key in Yuan Zai at the page of publication search and press enter, then a comprehensive list of all materials concerning Yuan Zai will show up for he or she to read and download.Due to high printing costs, many popular TCG periodicals and journals can only be displayed and distributed in selected places, thus the circulation is very limited. Now with the launch of the publication cloud, not only could people read these interesting and useful information on the internet, but they could also share with as many friends as they want to. Therefore, it is expected to substantially improve the circulation, effectiveness, and influence of the TCG publications. RDEC announces that all the TCG publications published after 2011, more than 800 titles in total, are now available on the cloud. For those published before 2011, they will be uploaded to the cloud for the public to read and download once the editing is completed. With the cloud service, people could enjoy any TCG publications as soon as they are released. Moreover, it is environment-friendly and also a perfect solution for the storage problem paper copies usually have. The launch of the TCG Publication Cloud Services is no doubt a significant step for Taipei to become The City that Reads. 
The ceremony for the Taipei City Government Publication Awards 2013 was held toady (May 6, 2014) in Taipei City Hall. Mayor Lung-bin Hau presented the awards to the three departments of Taipei City Government publishing the 8 winning titles. The Grand Prize for titles published in 2013 goes to Chao-tang Chang Book Set, which is published by the Taipei Fine Arts Museum (hereinafter referred to as TFAM.) It wins the prize for its comprehensive collection of Chao-tan Changs arts and life, fully presenting a Taiwanese master photographers creative process. In addition to the interviews with more than forty of Changs friends and families in different fields, photographs by Chang and his personal photos are also finely reproduced in the book set. The other awarded titles also published by the TFAM are The 30th Anniversary of Taipei Fine Arts Museum: A Pictures Catalogue of the Arts Collection, Parkett X Artists: 220 Art Projects+5, and Modern Contemporary Women Arts in Taiwan: The Five Phases 1930-1983. TFAM notes that there is no time to waste for the preservation of arts and historical documentation. Through publications that bring art works together, TFAM hopes to recreate arts and cultural resources for the public to enjoy sustainably. Taipei City Urban Regeneration Office has two publications recognized this year, Urban Regeneration: Twenty Stories and Living in Taipei Together. These two books stand out for offering readers a fresh imagination of city space, presenting infinite potential of urban invigoration and diverse approaches of urban regeneration. The Department of Cultural Affairs also has two titles receiving the awards, namely Taipei Design & City 2013 Exhibition Album, and Adaptive City: Taipei and Design. They illustrate how the urban planning of Taipei in the past links to design, and proposing a comprehensive blueprint for the future design of Taipei City, offering readers an extensive landscape. Mayor Hau remarked at the ceremony that government publications are important for the accumulation and sharing of government knowledge and experiences. They carry and deliver Taipei City Governments international perspective and viewpoints on culture and history and illustrate local characteristics. Moreover, they have an essential role in promoting government policies, serving as a communication bridge between Taipei City Government and the public. It is hoped that Taipei City Government publications will further integrate resources of all departments to meet peoples needs and social trends. Through the cooperation between departments and the distribution of publications, the public will learn more about the public values and interests government publications could create.  
The 1999 Taipei Citizen Hotline (hereafter referred to as the 1999 Hotline launches a new service, Line video call in sign language to enhance the services for the deaf and hard-of-hearing Taipei citizens. With diversified and more advanced options available, the hearing impaired citizens could enjoy quality and speedy video call services in sign language. The 1999 Hotline, collaborating with the Chinese Deaf Association, PChome and Skype, began its first video call service in sign language in June 2010, which allows the hearing impaired to express their concerns about municipal services to the sign language representatives through free Skype. Later on January 1, 2012, the service was made available 24/7.From the day to the end of March 2014, the 1999 Hotline received 16,848 calls from the deaf and hard of hearing people. In recent years, video communication is becoming more and more diversified. Among many available communication apps, Line is one of the most popular. Line offers an interactive communication option combining graphics (stickers) and texts, and features sharing, group chat, and integrating contact lists of smartphones. In addition, in contrast to Skypes required login before use every time, Line allows users to stay logged-in at all times and thus enables instant use. Noticing Lines convenience and immediacy, the 1999 Hotline started testing Line video call in sign language on January 1, 2014. Receiving positive feedback from the hearing impaired users, the 1999 Hotline decided to add the new service and announced it available to the public on April 1. The service of Line video call in sign language is very user-friendly, taking only four simple steps. First of all, sign up to become a member the second, search the ID taipeicity 1999 when the ID is found, click add as friend and the last, connect to the video call. The Research, Development and Evaluation Commission, Taipei City Government emphasizes that the Line video call service is intended to provide emergency help and municipal services assistance for the hearing impaired Taipei citizens. For others who need services, it is suggested to call the regular 1999. 1999 Hotline representatives are always ready to deliver immediate and thoughtful services.  
Taipei Metro further extended its service as the Xinyi Line opened last November. Since then, the east-west travel in Taipei City has been greatly improved. In addition, it is a lot more pleasant than before to drive and walk on Xinyi Road. Xinyi Road is now a very charming street. According to the latest public poll by the Research, Development and Evaluation Commission, Taipei City Government (hereafter referred to as RDEC), as many as 83% of respondents in the survey agree the opening of the Xinyi Line enhance their experiences in general with the Taipei Metro, and 55% are pleased with the overall quality of Xinyi Line.The RDEC says the poll is conducted to learn Taipei citizens opinions on the Taipei Metro after the Xinyi Line began service last year. Among the 1073 citizens who are phone interviewed, 83% of them agree that the new Xinyi Line enhance their experiences in general with the Taipei Metro 74% believe it helps improve the traffic in the city and 55% express satisfaction with the overall quality of the Xinyi Line. When asked how they like the artistic design of the stations, 52% of the people in the survey are fond of the design of the entrances and 44% provide that the public arts in the stations are agreeable. In addition, 49% favor the Daan Park when asked to vote for the most beautiful station on the Xinyi Line. 520 respondents in the survey ride on the Xinyi Line at least once. 88% of them agree that the directions and instructions in the stations are clear 80% express satisfaction with the service frequency and the transfer information provided. The RDEC states that it has been more than three months since the Xinyi Line began service. The poll proves the Xinyi Line does bring more convenience to daily life for Taipei citizens. It is believed the Taipei Metro network will be extended further when the construction of the Songshan Line is completed. As the Metro network becomes denser and more extensive, Taipei citizens will see Taipei city is becoming more and more friendly and convenient, and enjoy the pleasure of slow living better than ever. The poll was conducted in the evening on February 24-26, 2014. The results are based on the telephone interviews with a sample of 1,073 adults, living in Taipei and aged 20 and older. The telephone numbers are randomly selected from residential numbers in Taipei City. The margin of sampling error is 2.99% with 95% confidence. 
When seeing the bus driver helped a passenger on a wheelchair to get on the bus, I felt touched and thought Taipei was such a lovely city full of caring and love, said a Taipei City bus rider. According to the latest public poll by the Research, Development and Evaluation Commission (hereafter referred to as RDEC), Taipei City Government, over 90% of the bus riders were pleased with the overall quality of Taipei City buses and the bus drivers service attitude 3% of the riders saw drivers on duty use their cell phones, and only 12% encountered the situation that public buses drove by designated stops without making a stop.RDEC conducted the aforementioned public survey in order to have a better understanding on Taipei citizens bus-riding habits and their opinions on the service of Taipei City buses. The poll interviewed 1,277 citizens, 975 of whom rode Taipei City buses at least once. The poll results showed that as high as 90% of the bus riders were happy with the overall quality of Taipei City buses 91% expressed satisfaction with the drivers service attitude 88% were pleased with the drivers concentration level 83% agreed that drivers made stops properly and, 76% felt that the driving was calm and smooth. On the questions regarding the riding experiences, 44% of the respondents said that they did not encounter the situation requiring the use of an emergency brake in the past year 28% hardly had the experience 20% said they did see it happen once in a while, and only 6% encountered the situation often. When the people in the survey were asked if they had ever seen a Taipei City bus drive by designated stops without making a stop, 66% provided that they had never had the experience 17% indicated that they hardly saw such a situation 12% said they did sometimes, and only 2% believed it happened from time to time.The poll also provided that 60% of the interviewees had never seen bus drivers on duty chatted with passengers 25% said they hardly saw it happen 12% believed they did occasionally, and only 1% indicated that the situation occurred often. When asked if they had ever seen drivers on duty use their cell phones (or play with cell phones), 88% answered that they had never seen such a problem occurr in the past year 5% said it seldom happened, ad only 3% thought they occasionally saw bus drivers have such a behavior.Besides the positive feedback from the poll, RDEC states that the Mayors Mailbox and the 1999 Citizen Hotline received hundreds of letters or calls from citizens every month to compliment public bus drivers. For instance, they applauded that drivers assisted the physically challenged to get on and off the bus, and gave passengers notices when making a turn or approaching a stop. Taipei City bus drivers cheerful interactions with passengers, and attentive and considerate service have won Taipei citizens heart. The poll was conducted in the evenings on January 13-15, 2014. The results are based on telephone interviews with a sample of 1,277 adults, living in Taipei and aged 20 and older. The telephone numbers are randomly selected from residential numbers in Taipei City. The margin of sampling error is 2.74% with 95% confidence level. 
On January 9, 2014, the 5th Coordination Meeting of the Greater Taipei Golden Twin Cities Plan (hereafter referred to as the Meeting) was held at the Taipei City Hall. Co-chaired by Taipei Deputy Mayor Chang Chin-oh and New Taipei City Deputy Mayor Lee Shu-chuang, the Meeting examined the progress of the cooperation projects one by one. In 2013, four of the cooperation projects had been completed  the planning of bicycle commute routes, the cooperation on the preparation courses for adoptive parents, the resources sharing, maintenance, and technical cooperation on the reporting systems of suspected communicable diseases on campus, and the prevention and treatment of depression and suicide. Through such joint efforts, the information on bike rental services and the riverside bicycle routes of both cities are now available to the public, and school childrens health is well assured. In addition, the two city governments have approved four new cross-city bus routes, including Zhonghe-Neihu Technology Park route, Linkou-Neihu Technology Park route, Linkou-Taipei Songshan Airport route and Shenkeng- Taipei MRT Guting Station route. Among them, the Sanxia- National Taipei University (Taipei Campus) route began services on September 16, 2013 Linkou-Neihu Technology Park route and Linkou-Taipei Songshan Airport route opened on December 20, 2013, providing more convenientcommuter servicesfor the public. One of the cooperation projects inspected the ingredients of lunches served to schoolchildren. Selected randomly, 9 lunch providers on campus, and 160 items from the First Market and the Second Market were inspected. All the items tested fulfilled the regulatory requirement, except green beans and Chinese water spinach. The authorities will continue to conduct random tests regularly as well as irregularly to ensure the food safety of the lunch programs for schoolchildren. Currently, there are 28 cooperation projects in progress for the Greater Taipei Golden Twin Cities Plan. Some of them are closely related to citizens daily life, such as the Integration of Real Time Bus Information, the Integration of Real Time Traffic Information of Taipei and New Taipei City, the Expansion of the Taipei Metro, Smart Shopping Districts of the Twin Cities-Mobile Shopping Malls, Sharing of the Drinking Water from the Taipei Feitsui Reservoir, Exam-free Admission of Senior High Schools in Taipei, New Taipei, and Keelung, the Enhancement for Dispatch of the Disaster Relief Teams, Random Tests for the Ingredients of School Lunches, and Guided Tour and Information Services for City Travel, etc. Taipei and New Taipei City governments will work together to ensure a well-rounded development for the Greater Taipei area and the enhancement of the citizens well-being. 
"The new frequently asked questions (FAQ) of RDEC of Taipei City Government (TCG) has been posted. By clicking the ""FAQ"" on top of this website", you can learn about the frequently asked questions about RDEC. If you have further questions regarding RDEC," please click ""Contact Us"" on top of this website."
The 1999 Taipei Citizen Hotline (hereafter referred to as the 1999 Hotline) launched video calling service in sign language in June 2010. With free software download, the deaf and hard-of-hearing people could call the 1999 Hotline and raise their concerns and questions to sign language representatives. The video calling service demonstrated its effectiveness once again last month (October 2013) as Mr. Sun, who is hard-of-hearing, found his missing parents at the Homeless Shelter with the assistance of a sign language representative at the 1999 Call Center. Mr. Suns parents ran away from the nursing home in south Taiwan and travelled to Taipei alone. Mr. Sun lost touch of them and urgently need to contact the Homeless Shelter in Taipei. However, his hearing problem stopped him from calling the Shelter. He thus made a video call to the 1999 Hotline to ask help from the sign language representative. I called the Taipei City Homeless Shelter as soon as I had the names of Mr. Suns parents, said Mr. Wu, the sign language representative who answered Mr. Suns call, Very fortunate and to my surprise, the staff at the Homeless Shelter quickly found Mr. Suns parents after a few search. I confirmed with the staff the location and visiting hours of the Shelter, and immediately gave the information to Mr. Sun through the video calling equipment. I was truly touched when seeing on the screen Mr. Suns worried face lit up as he received the cheering news, and thanked me over and over again. Mr. Wu was proud to serve as the bridge between the city government and the hearing impaired people and, it was the most rewarding for him to find that his sign language skills help the deaf and the hard-of-hearing solve problems. Making a phone call is so easy for most of the people, but it is a huge challenge for the hearing impaired. As a result, the video calling service in sign language is very important and valuable. said Mr. Wu. The video calling service in sign language is 24/7. It is intended to take care of the hearing impaired peoples concerns and questions. In recent days, the most frequently asked question is about the application for sign language interpretation services. People could call the 1999 Hotline to apply for the service. Once the application is received over the phone, the representative will forward it to the Department of Labor or the Department of Social Welfare, Taipei City Government. Hearing Impaired people could count on the 1999 Hotline. Call center representatives are always ready to provide the most comprehensive services and information. For matters on the welfare and subsidies for the physically challenged, such as living subsidies, financial assistance on aiding and medical equipment, etc., people are welcome to call the 1999 Hotline anytime.  
Taipei City Government takes the lead to provide the Nations first free-call service for prepaid cell phone users. Staring from November 1, 2013, 1999 Citizen Hotline (hereafter referred to as the 1999 Hotline) removes the charges for incoming calls from prepaid cell phones. Just like regular cell phone users and local landlines, prepaid cell phone users now enjoy the first 10 minutes free when calling 1999 Hotline in Taipei City.  After several discussions with mobile phone companies, the Research, Evaluation, and Development Commission, Taipei City Government (hereinafter referred to as REDC) overcame the limitation of identifying cross-zone calls to make the free call service available to prepaid cell phone users. The extended toll-free service not only makes the 1999 Hotline more accessible, it also further increases the effectiveness of the communication between the public and the City Government. According to the statistics by the 1999 Hotline Management Division (hereinafter referred to as the 1999 Management,) the average length of a 1999 Hotline call is under 2 minutes, however, Taipei City Government allows 10 free minutes for each incoming call to give the callers ample time to express their concerns or describe their requests. RDEC encourages people to make the best use of the 1999 Hotline and cherish social resources alike. When calling 1999, it is advised to make a long story short, avoid repeated requests, false claims, and misstatements, etc. The 1999 Management notes that all incoming calls from the public are recorded. If any false claims or misstatements are found to affect others right, the caller will be tracked down and hold for legal responsibility.      The free-call service of the 1999 Hotline now covers prepaid cell phone calls, although charges still apply for incoming calls made by public phones and long distance landline calls. For more information on the 1999 Hotline services, please see 1999 Hotline brochures, or go to the official websites of Taipei City Government, RDEC, or the 1999 Hotline.
Roughly 61% of people in the survey would cast votes if a national referendum concerning the construction of the Fourth Nuclear Power Plant was held tomorrow, and 58% agree with the suspension of the plant construction and operation, according to the most recent poll regarding the Fourth Nuclear Power Plant by the Research, Development, and Evaluation Commission (hereinafter referred to as RDEC ), Taipei City Government. In comparison to the first poll on the same issue conducted in March of this year, peoples willingness to participate in the national referendum drops by 10%, and support for the suspension of plant construction slides by 8%.In order to trace public opinion on the Fourth Nuclear Power Plant, RDEC has been running opinion surveys once a month since March of this year when the issue was in the full glare of the public. Six surveys have been conducted up till today (September 5, 2013). The most recent survey reveals that 61% of respondents agree to participate in the national referendum concerning the construction of the Fourth Nuclear Power Plant, which is 10% lower than the result of the first poll conducted in March. On the other hand, 33% provide that they would not cast their votes, an increase of 10%. Furthermore, when being asked if the construction and operation of the plant should be halted, 58% agree with the suspension, dropping by 8%. The analysis of the poll results shows that peoples opinion toward the nuclear power plant has changed in the past a few months.The survey is also intended to find out how concerned the pubic is for the Fourth Nuclear Power Plant. It provides that 66% of the respondents give attention to the discussion of the subject on social media, including television, newspaper, internet, etc while only 45% would frequently or sometimes chat with others about related issues, falling below 50% for the first time and 10% lower than the result of the March survey.The poll was conducted on the nights of August 26-27, 2013. The results are based on telephone interviews with a sample of 1,204 adults, living in Taipei and aged 20 and older. The telephone numbers were randomly selected from residential numbers in Taipei City. The margin of sampling error is 2.82% with 95% confidence. 
Taipei City Government (hereafter referred to as TCG) implements several programs and policies concerning real property this year, including: Health Check Program for Old Buildings to improve housing safety, Taipei City House Price Index and Management Guidelines for Transaction Information on Real Estate in Taipei City.  According to a recent Taipei City poll conducted during the period of August 12-15, 2013 by the Research, Development and Evaluation Commission (hereafter referred to as RDEC) of Taipei City Government, the majority of Taipei City residents are supportive of these programs and policies. 81% of the residents support the health check on residential buildings aged 30 years or above 72% favor the publishing of Taipei City House Price Index and 79% agree to regulate real estate advertisement with the Management Guidelines on Transaction Information of Real Estate in Taipei. Moreover, 61% of the respondents believe that the publishing of the house price index would stabilize the real estate market.TCG expects to start receiving applications for health check on old buildings 30 years old or over from winter of this year (2013). For the initial year, TCG plans to inspect up to 200 buildings, and gives a subsidy of NTD 20,000 for each building examination. The items to be inspected are building structure, earthquake endurance, fire alarm facilities, evacuation routes, exterior walls, etc. According to the aforementioned poll, 14% of people surveyed had learned about the program before the phone interview, while 86% had never heard of it. In addition, 81% are in support of the program and only 8% against it. The poll also indicates that 21% of the Taipei City residents notice the publishing of the Taipei City House Price Index, while 79% do not. It was made available to the public on July 23, 2013. The house price index, similar to the consumer price index, measures changes in price levels of the real estate market through statistical model analysis. As regards residents support for the policy, 72% favor it, while 11% disagree. Furthermore, 61% of the residents believe that the publishing of the house price index has a positive impact on the real estate market, while 24% think the policy has no influence. . In order to prevent the price manipulation and unfair transaction in the real estate market, TCG recently enacted the Management Guidelines on Transaction Information of Real Estate in Taipei City. According to the survey by the RDEC, 23% of respondents know about the enactment, while 76% do not. Furthermore, 79% agree to regulate the real estate advertisement with the Management Guidelines, and only 6% oppose it. The poll also reveals that 61% of the residents believe that the practice would discourage the price manipulation, while 25% do not. The poll was based on telephone interviews with a sample of 1,210 adults living in Taipei and aged 20 and older. The telephone numbers were randomly selected from residential numbers in Taipei City. The margin of sampling error is 2.82% with 95% confidence.  
The 2013 Taipei-Shanghai City Forum kicked off in Shanghai on July 4, 2013. The annual twin-city forum came to its fourth year since the first forum was organized in 2010, which initiated high-level communications and exchanges between Taipei and Shanghai, the most prominent cities of Taiwan and mainland China. In order to further strengthen the cooperation between the two cities, Taipei City Mayor Hau Lung-bin led a delegation to attend the Forum this year. The breadth and depth of exchanges this year was greater than ever. In addition to experience sharing on the developments of education, seniors care, sports and media industries through presentations and discussions at the forum and tours of designated industry parks, also arranged during the four-day visit were the Industry Forum on July 3 and the Taipei-Shanghai Middle School Sports Festival on July 2-5. Furthermore, a group of young athletes from Taipei attended an 8-day training program and received world-class coaching in Shanghai.Taipei City Mayor Hau Lung-bin and Shanghai City Mayor Yang Xiong inaugurated the City Forum with speeches on Vision and Focus for Future City Development. Following the two mayors talks, government officials and scholars from both cities presented insightful observations and shared experiences regarding the developments of education and seniors care. As with the arrangement of the forums in past years, the 2013 City Forum was closed with the signing of memorandums of understanding on cooperation of city district governance, library services, and citizen hotline.During the visit, Mayor Hau and his delegates also toured Hongqiao Business District, Shanghai Multimedia Valley, Shanghai Cangcheng Film Industry Park and Shanghai Oriental Sports Center, in seeking ideas and models for the planning of Taipeis Media Industry Park and Cloud Industry Ppark. Facing challenges of city governance nowadays, it is believed that frequent and in-depth exchanges between governments of Taipei and Shanghai will enhance the quality of living and strengthen the competitiveness of both cities. Reference:Mayor Seeks Strengthening on Mutual Exchanges during Shanghai Visit 
Succeeding the Taipe-Hong Kong Intercity Forum held in 2000 and 2001, 2013 Taipei-Hong City Forum was once again kicked off at Regent Taipei Hotel on June 7, 2013.  The significance of the Forum is particularly noteworthy for it was the first official exchange between two city governments in 12 years.Inaugurated by Deputy Mayor of Taipei City, Dr. Ting-yu Ting and Financial Secretary of Hong Kong, Mr. John Tsang, the 2013 Forum, titled Revitalizing a City, Unfolding a New Page, focused on issues concerning sustainable cities, environment protection and culture preservation. Taipei and Hong Kong are ranked Worlds 100 most livable cities in 2012, a survey by The Economist. As the prominent international metropolises in Asia, both cities have challenges resulting from urban development to tackle. In recent years, kitchen waste has become one of Hong Kongs worst headaches, while Taipeis policy and processing technique on kitchen waste are well recognized. Therefore, it is arranged at the Forum for Mr. Sheng-chung Wu, the Commissioner of the Department of Environment Protection, Taipei City Government, to share the successful experiences with the Hong Kongs senior officials.Culture Revitalization is another subject at the Forum. Dr. Wei-gong Liou, the Commissioner of the Department of Cultural Affairs, Taipei City Government, noted that hundreds of historical buildings await to be renewed urgently. In terms of old building revival, Hong Kong has been very proactive in recent years. Advocates and experts of the field expect to exchange opinions and share experiences at the Forum on the preservation of cultural heritage and historical buildings, and inspire creativity and fresh thoughts to give cities new life. In addition to attending the 2013 Taipei-Hong Kong Intercity Forum, Hong Kong Delegation also visited various agencies of environment protection and culture preservation to learn about the policies and practices of governance.  It is believed that the in-depth exchanges would strengthen the interaction and cooperation between Taipei and Hong Kong, encourage policy innovation, enhance competitiveness, and facilitate a grand vision of sustainable cities.
66% of Taipei residents would cast their vote if a national referendum on the construction of the Fourth Nuclear Power Plant was held tomorrow, and 62% would vote to suspend the construction, according to the survey released by the Taipei City Government on May 2, 2013.On the question regarding the degree of the publics concern on the topic, 69% of people surveyed paid attention to related discussion on media, while 27% did not. Furthermore, 55% of respondents provided that they discussed the issue with others frequently or sometimes. When the people in the survey were asked: Should the national referendum be canceled if most polls said the majority of the public supported the suspension of the plant construction, and most legislators agreed to approve the suspension proposal by the Executive Yuan? 55% of the respondents agreed with such suggestion, while 32% disagreed.The poll was conducted on April 23-24 by the Research, Development and Evaluation Commission, Taipei City Government. The results are based on telephone interviews with a random sample of 1,302 adults, living in Taipei and aged 20 and older. The margin of sampling error is 2.72% with 95% confidence.Reference:Taipei Times, Taipei poll shows dip in opposition to nuke plant. http://www.taipeitimes.com/News/taiwan/archives/2013/05/03/2003561332 
In order to serve more hearing impaired people, the 1999 Taipei Citizen Hotline (hereafter referred to as the 1999 Hotline) expanded the sign language video services by adding 26 new service locations, including Taipei City hospitals, libraries, art museums, MRT stations, etc. These new locations have been in service since December 27, 2012 and welcome the hearing impaired to use the service.The sign language video services have assisted lots of hearing impaired people to solve their problems. Miss Qiu, one of the sign language representatives of the 1999 Hotline, said that she once received a call from a hearing impaired person who encountered fraud and asked for legal advice. Not only did Miss Qiu referred her to the municipal district offices for free legal consultation, she also arranged sign language interpreters for her during the consultation. In addition, another sign language representative Miss Deng recalled that a hearing impaired person felt sick at midnight and called 1999 hotline for help. She immediately confirmed the persons physical location and contacted hospital emergency staff to help her. For such caring services, the hearing impaired gave very high praises to the 1999 Hotline.Research, Development and Evaluation Commission (hereafter referred to as the RDEC) of Taipei City Government indicates that sign language video services could be accessed using personal computers or facilities such as webcam provided at all service locations. The 26 new locations are 11 Taipei public libraries (Main Library, Wang Guanying Memorial Library, and branches of Sanmin, Yongchun, Dazhi, Datong, Wenshan, Jiuzhuang, Neihu, Tianmu, and Shipai) , art museums, Center for the Physically Challenged, 8 Taipei City hospitals (Zhongxing, Zhongxiao, Heping, Yangming, Songde, Kunming, Linsen, and Renai) , 3 MRT stations (Taipei Main Station, Songshan Airport, and Yuanshan), and 2 tourist service centers (East Metro Mall and Taipei Zoo/Maokong Gondola). These new locations along with the 46 old ones, there are 72 places in total to provide assistance to hearing impaired people. For more information on the service, hearing impaired people could go to the website of the 1999 Hotline (http://1999.taipei.gov.tw/) (Chinese) or contact sign language representatives of the 1999 Hotline.The sign language video services of the 1999 Hotline have helped many hearing-impaired friends since its establishment in June 2010. Additionally, the number of service provided grew significantly after the 1999 Hotline started offering 24-hour service in January 2012. From January to November 2012, the 1999 sign language video service received about 7000 requests, which doubles the total number of the same months in 2011. In order to provide hearing impaired residents easier and more friendly access to the service, the RDEC, in cooperation of the Department of Information Technology, Taipei City Government, expanded its service capacity by offering sign language video services in new locations where the hearing impaired visit more often. 
ChairpersonName: Yuan Nai-ChuanEducation*1982 B.S., Agricultural Chemistry, National Taiwan University*1986 M.S., Journalism, National Chengchi UniversityExperience *Director, Information and Communication Laboratories, International Technology Research Institute*Vice President, Fubon Financial Group*Producer, Pavilion of Dreams in2010 Taipei Flora EXPO*Director, Creativity Lab, International Technology Research Institute*Manager, Program Department, Public Television Services, Taiwan*Deputy Director, Finance Department, CTN (Hong-Kong) *Deputy Manager, News Department, Public Television Services, Taiwan*Assistant Professor, Dept. Communication Management, Nanhua University*Reporter, News Department, Taiwan Television Company 
After the successful city experiences exchanging in 2010 and 2011, the 2012 Taipei-Shanghai City Forum was held in Taipei, August 16, 2012. The annual twin-city forum as a communication channel between the largest cities in Taiwan and Mainland China was organized at an official level for the first time in 2010.To enhance the cooperation between two cities, Shanghai City Deputy Mayor Jiang Ping, representing the mayor, leading delegation members attended the forum this year. The opening started with the speeches delivering by Taipei City Deputy Mayor Chen Hsiung Wen and Shanghai City Deputy Mayor Jiang Ping regarding city governance. Scholars and experts from both cities presented the developments of culture and creative industries and sports events as follows. The representatives of departments of sports, social welfare and civil affairs signed four memorandums of understanding in the fields of sports, elderly care and city district governance. Shanghai City Deputy Mayor Jiang Ping and delegation members also visited Zhishan Elderly Care Home, Xinyi Distinct Office, 1999 Citizen Hotline Center and The Taipei Dome Complex. It is believed that, facing the contemporary challenges for city governance, both Taipei and Shanghai will strengthen their humanism quality and city competitiveness through the city exchange experiences.  
On May 4, 2012, the Research, Development and Evaluation Commission (RDEC) of Taipei City Government held the first Youth Forum on City Governance at the Taipei Public Library (Main Library). The Forum aimed to provide a platform for university senior students to present their researches on city governance and to further encourage their engagement in public affairs. All presenters of the Forum were college students who were funded by the National Science Council. Their essays covered a wide range of subjects, including: Cinema and City Image, City Green-Resource Index, Policy Marketing, Social Campaign Strategy, Museum and Public Arts, City District Governance Consultants, Citizen Hot-line Volume Analysis and Web-based Video Sharing Media and Elections.Dr. Kuo-Yen Wei, the Chairman of the RDEC pointed out that in the May Fourth Movement 93 years ago (1919), young intellectuals proclaimed their intenion to transform the nationthrough science and democracy. The idealism of the Movement is not outdated even today in the 21st Century, and is reflected in Mayor Haus policy of Younger Taipei. Dr. Wei also stated, the challenges we face noware more intricate than before. He encouraged the students and the civil servants in general to contribute jointly to our democracy with scientific thinking. The forum offered an opportunity for the attendee from academia and government sectors to discuss a wide range of issues related to city governance. Policy innovations based on these interactions and exchanges are expected to be realized in the near future. 
The 1999 Taipei Citizen Hotline gladly shares the good news that 12 people will join the call-service team in the beginning of year 2012. According to the amendment to the Article 46-1 of the People with Disabilities Rights Protection Act, when a government agency (institute) and a state-run business pro-actively or delegate others to attend to consulting telephone information service and the number of such employee is over ten, the number of employed people with seeing (visual acuity functions) disability should be more than 1/10 of the total telephone answerer unless regulated otherwise by other regulations, the 1999 Taipei Citizen Hotline has redesigned its telephone information services to recruit 12 visually impaired representatives in January 2012 to join the call center. We believe that after proper training and preparation the new representatives can provide Taipei citizens with high quality services.
On October 25, 2011, Mainland Affairs Council (M.A.C.) and the Taipei City Government (T.C.G.) held Developing Cross-strait Relations in Global Perspective-A Policy Forum with Taipei Citizens to enhance the local communities understanding of national Mainland policy and resent cross-strait relations. The forum was held in the International Conference Hall of Taipei Public Main Library. The forum was co-chaired by M.A.C. Deputy Minister Kao, Charng () and Taipei City Deputy Mayor Tim T.Y. Ting (). Deputy Minister Kao introduced the Government's Mainland policy and the effectiveness of cross-straits institutionalized negotiations. Deputy Mayor Ting briefed the recent exchanges between Taipei and cities in Mainland China. The forum offered an opportunity for the forum participants, including Taipei City councilors, tourism industry, immigrant communities, and other civil groups, to discuss related issues and their concerns with the M.A.C. representatives, and T.C.G. officials.  
Taipei Mayor Lung-Bin Hau and New Taipei Mayor Eric Liluan Chu signed the Cooperation Agreement of the Greater Taipei Golden Twin Cities (hereinafter the Agreement) at the signing ceremony held at the Taipei City Hall on September 7, 2011.After the forming of 5 special municipalities last year (2010), Taipei City and New Taipei City, with a population over 6 millions, find the best-ever opportunity to become a prominent international metropolis of the world. In hopes to realize this ambition and bring the next prosperous decade to the citizens, Mayor Hau and Mayor Chu initiated the benchmarking Greater Taipei Golden Twin Cities Plan and entered into the Agreement on September 7, 2011.The Agreement enumerates 37 cooperation projects, focusing on cross-region issues and the enhancement of citizens daily convenience. It includes Cooperation on Tamsui River Management, One-Hour-Commute Life Circle Integration of Real-time Traffic & Transit Information, North Taiwan Hi-Tech Corridor, Low-Carbon Twin Cities, E-Education Twin Cities, Cooperation on Disaster Prevention and Response, Integration of Guided City Tours and etc. While the Agreement facilitates the experience exchanges and resource integration of the two city governments, the policies and citizen services are expected to be more well-rounded in addition, the administration efficiency and effectiveness will also be remarkably enhanced.The Cooperation Agreement of the Greater Taipei Golden Twin Cities ensures a solid foundation for Taipei and New Taipei to succeed amid the escalating global competition and, in return, the citizens will enjoy more benefits and welfare.  
The 1999 Citizen Hotline has won numerous awards this year. In June 9th, 2011," the 1999 Citizen Hotline earned the ""2010 Asia Pacific Customer Relationship Excellence Award"" from the Asia Pacific Customer Service Consortium (APCSC) under the following corporate categories: ""Contact Center of the Year"""," ""High Speed Customer Service of the Year"""," and ""Best Use of Knowledge Management of the Year"".In addition"," the 1999 Citizen Hotline also won the ""2011 Government Service Quality Award"" from the Executive Yuan of Taiwan", ROC. 
The 1999 Citizen Hotline has won numerous awards this year. 
In June 9th, 2011," the 1999 Citizen Hotline earned the ""2010 Asia Pacific Customer Relationship Excellence Award"" from the Asia Pacific Customer Service Consortium (APCSC) under the following corporate categories: ""Contact Center of the Year"""," ""High Speed Customer Service of the Year"""," and ""Best Use of Knowledge Management of the Year""."
In addition," the 1999 Citizen Hotline also won the ""2011 Government Service Quality Award"" from the Executive Yuan of Taiwan", ROC.
In an effort to combine conservation with religious practices, Mayor Hau Lung-bin proposed the idea of using flowers as the main offering when he attended the Ghost (Chungyuan) Festival Ceremony at the Taipei Flowers Auction Corporation on August 21.To help promote the concept, Taipei Flowers Auction Corporation prepared offerings comprising fresh flowers and replaced incense burner with flower scents. Spotlighting sunflowers, the Wang Lai Flower Offering set decorated the venue where over 1,000 participants joined the mayor in celebrating the important festival.Hau remarked that replacing the smell of burning incense with flower essence at the ritual is a great way to promote the importance of environmental protection.With the approach of the 2010 Taipei International Flora Expo, the mayor pointed out that Taipei Flowers Auction Corporation will be playing an important role during the event, allowing residents to purchase fresh horticulture products to beautify their homes.He stressed that the flora expo will demonstrate the full potential of Taiwan in the fields of floriculture expertise and technology. The organizers are expecting 33 nations, 62 cities, and 91 related organizations to participate in this international event.
To encourage the public to learn more about Taipeis community babysitting system, the Department of Social Welfare (DSW) launched the Operation Find Babysitters online quiz game (http://www.topwin.com.tw/babysitter) on August 16.The quiz challenge will be held between August 16 and September 30. Participants clearing the challenges will be entered into a lottery for chances at winning prizes including NT$10,000 gift coupons, bicycles, iPod Shuffle, and more.Since 1988, DSW has collaborated with seven civic organizations to establish the community babysitting system for local residents. As of today, a total of 1,898 babysitters have joined this network.Compared with their non-certified counterparts, the members of the community babysitter network are all licensed babysitters. In addition, they must also meet the following requirements:- Care for no more than 4 kids at once (no more than two may be under 2 years old)- Accept regular inspection from supervising organizations- Undergo regular health checkup- Attend on-the-job training lesson- Mandatory liability insuranceIn addition, parents whose combined income is less than NT$ 1.5million a year are eligible for a monthly subsidy of NT$3,000 when they hire babysitters from the network to take care of kids under two years old.According to DSW, the agency is working on the draft of a bylaw on child care services. The proposed bylaw, if approved by the city council, will make Taipei the first in the nation to establish a regulation system for nannies and babysitters. 
To facilitate traveling for visitors to the Maokong Area during the summer seasons, the Public Transportation Office will commence services of two Maokong park buses this weekend (August 14).According to PTO, in addition to the existing Maokong Bus Right Line, the agency has divided the Left Line into two routes  Left Line (Zhinan Temple) and Left Line (Taipei Zoo).The individual Maokong bus routes are listed below:Right Line: Maokong Gondola Maokong Station  Tianliao Bridge  Zhang Lake  Zhangshan Temple  Xinghua Forest  Teapot Museum  Zhang Lake Walkway  Sanxuan Temple (circulator service)Left Line (Zhinan Temple): Tea Promotion Center Parking Lot  Maokong  Pavilion  Yuanshan  Caonan  Maokong Gondola Zhinan Temple StationLeft Line (Taipei Zoo): Maokong Gondola Maokong Station  Tianen Temple  Tea Promotion Center  Tea Promotion Center Parking Lot  Maokong  Pavilion  Yuanshan  Caonan  Shuigangqin Community  Pei-cheng Junior High School  Xiaokengkou  NCCU  Wanxing Library  Dacheng High School  Wanshou Bridge  Maokong Gondola Taipei Zoo Station  MRT Taipei Zoo StationFurthermore, PTO is also introducing the new policy of paying single fare to enjoy an entire day of limitless ride on the Maokong lines. All passengers have to do is pay when they board any of the Maokong park buses and they can ask the bus driver for a day pass. The pass is valid for unlimited park bus transits on the same day.To get to Maokong, visitors can take the Maokong Gondola, or take the following lines to Maokong stop: BR15, BR15 limited, or S10. 
Mayor Hau Lung-bin and Uni-president Development Corp CEO C.S. Lin presided over the opening ceremony of the City Hall Bus Station on August 5. The bus terminal is the fruition of 6 years of planning and constructions and will offer residents in eastern Taipei more transportation options.The mayor noted that in the past, passengers traveling to Yilan, Keelung, Taoyuan, Taichung, or Tainan were subjected to the temperament of the weather. Now, with the new terminal, they will be able to enjoy a comfortable waiting environment.With the completion of the City Hall Bus Station, over 10,000 passengers per day will benefit from the 19 inter-municipality bus lines, transporting riders to destinations such as Yilan, Jinshan, Keelung, Taoyuan, Hsinchu, Miaoli, Taichung, Tainan, and more.With the experience of Taipei Bus Station, the city government mobilized volunteers to help guide passengers and maintain the smooth flow of traffic in the area throughout the day. The collaboration of traffic lights and traffic signs in the vicinity of the bus terminal has also been optimized to disperse the heavy traffic and lessen its impact on surrounding roads.For more information on the City Hall Bus Station, bus companies, and schedule, please visit its website at: http://www.estation.com.tw  
At the 2010 Taipei International Flora Expo 100-day Countdown event on July 29, Mayor Hau Lung-bin and the three pop divas from the girls band S.H.E joined dance instructor Chang Sheng-feng and over 100 residents in showcasing the steps of the Flora Expo Dance. The mayor hopes that the flora dance will become as popular as the recent Korean pop dances.The mayor remarked that the flora dance takes a lot of energy and believes that it is a great dance which gives the dancer an intensive workout. The dance conveys the message that Taipei is a beautiful and healthy city through this dance. In addition to announcing 100 days until the start of the expo, Hau hopes that the dance will give residents a sense of participation. During the interview with the media, Hau remarked that he has seen the great popularity of Korean pop dances throughout the island. He hopes that such success could be duplicated with the flora dance, even one day seeing Koreans dancing the flora dance. When asked if hes satisfied with his dance performance, the mayor admitted that two of his weaknesses include dancing and singing while the dance steps have been simplified to allow the general public to learn, he admits that there is still room for improvement regarding his dancing skills. S.H.E. gave praised to the mayors effort, noting that his dance steps are fairly smooth. Hebe remarked that from her observations, the mayor dances pretty well Ella, also a member of the group, says that she is very touched to see so many people doing the flora dance together and hopes that it will become a nationwide phenomenon.
On July 29, Taipei Mayor Hau Lung-bin took attended a gala dinner celebrating the 30th anniversary of exchange between Taipei Professional Drivers Union and All Japan Federation of Transport Workers Union.Speaking on behalf of Taipei City Government, Hau began his address by expressing his warm welcome to all the dignitaries from Japan and Singapore. Citing his experiences from previous visits to Japan, the mayor remarked that Japanese transport workers are well taken care of by a number of agencies and organizations. For example, the drivers association in Japan will offer lessons on image-building and other training programs to certified drivers. He believes that these are expertise where the two sides can share and learn from each other.Hau stressed that Taipei City Government will do its best to serve all drivers and help them resolve problems. He believes that through bilateral cooperation, Taipei Citys traffic will change for the better it will also help improve driver benefits.Representatives from both Taipei Professional Drivers Union and All Japan Federation of Transport Workers Union signed a protocol on exchange of visits on July 16, 1980. The visits and exchanges continue even today. The visiting delegation from Japan is led by President Hayasaki Masanori of the confederation. 
Mayor Hau Lung-bin presented a flag to the visually impaired athletes of Taiwan Homerun during a flag presentation ceremony at the city council on July 28. Taiwan Homerun, a local beep baseball team which had won three Beep Baseball World Series, will be taking part in the upcoming 2010 Beep Baseball World Series organized by the National Beep Baseball Association in August. The mayor praised the members of Taiwan Homerun for their determination and hard work. He noted that the team is often seen practicing in the fields of the Taipei Municipal Stadium. It takes a lot of effort for visually impaired players to hit the ball or to catch it in the fields, noted Hau. He added that it is hard to imagine the amount of individual training and teamwork it takes to compete in games.According to the mayor, the members of the team all have their own career. There are engineers, massage workers, tuners, financial advisors, and more. The members not only excel in their professions, they are also avid players who take part in international tournaments to fight for the honor of Taiwan. The first Beep Baseball World Series was held in 1975. A beep baseball team consists of both visually impaired and sighted players, with the latter serving as pitchers, catchers, and spotters. As of date, there are over 400 beep baseball teams in the United States.
Lin Yutang House and Shilin District Office have joined hands to organize an exhibition on the life of Lin Yutang at the Shilin Public Assembly Hall between August 1 and 30. This is the first time for a number of the writers personal belongings to be showcased at a venue other than Lin Yutang House. There will be an opening tea party for the exhibition at the Shilin Public Assembly Hall at 2PM on August 1.The exhibition is divided into ten separate themes, recounting Lins splendid life from a vivid perspective. Exhibition goers could follow the writers footsteps as he journeys across the world  Zhangzhou, Shanghai, Beijing, United States, France, Germany, and Taiwan (Lins final residence). Each of these locations plays a role in the life of this veteran of Chinese literature. This exhibition features a number of personal letters between Lin and a number of important individuals from his generation, including Sun Ke, Ma Pai Sui, and Madame Chiang Kai-shek. The world recreated by the collection of letters spotlights the struggles of an intellectual living in the shadows of the Second Sino-Japanese War. The documents also revealed how Lin dealt with family upheavals, near-poverty, and other difficulties with his great sense of humor. The admission to the event is completely free. The organizers welcome everyone to come and to know more about the Master of Humor in Chinese World. Shilin Public Assembly HallTel: 02-2882-6200, ext. 6008
The Vice President of Panama Juan Carlos Varela and his wife met Mayor Hau Lung-bin during their visit at city hall on July 26. This is the couples first trip to Taipei. During their meeting, Hau provided a brief introduction on Taipei City to the visiting dignitaries. He indicated that Taipei is a city characterized by its convenient environment, friendly residents, and well-maintained order. It is also the center of Chinese culture. The mayor extended an invitation to the couple, welcoming them to visit the 2010 Taipei International Flora Exposition in November.In response to Haus warm welcome, Vice President Varela remarked that Taipei is a very beautiful city and he is very impressed with its well-established infrastructure. He also asked Hau about the strategies of keeping crime rates low. Hau explained that high levels of education, low unemployment rates, and police effectiveness are all keys to maintaining a low crime rate. Vice President Varela also invited the mayor to make a return visit to Panama.
With Mayor Hau Lung-bin serving as a witness, Deputy Mayor Lee Yong-ping represented the city government in signing a memorandum of understanding with Wang Jun, the chairman of the planning committee for the Xian International Horticultural Exposition 2011. The two sides agree to participate in each others expo and to organize respective city day and culture week activities during the two expos. During the ceremony on July 22, the mayor remarked that 2010 Shanghai World Expo, 2010 Taipei International Flora Expo, and Xian International Horticultural Exposition 2011 will take place in a consecutive order. In addition to welcoming the representatives of the delegation from Xian to the Flora Expo, he hopes that the interaction will promote cultural exchange and industrial development for the two cities through exchanging experience. He remarked that Xian is a city known for its rich culture and history. Whenever he thinks of the city, he would recall the images of Terracotta Warriors and the magnificent monuments from the Tang Dynasty, and he hopes that these cultural contents will have a chance to appear in Taipei. He also promised to give a warm welcome to the Xian delegation at the 2010 Taipei International Flora Expo and share its proud achievements with the residents of Xian at the Xian International Horticultural Exposition 2011. Wang noted that the venue of the Xian International Horticultural Exposition is also the same venue of the biggest expo in history, which was held during the reign of Xuan Zhong Emperors reign during Tang Dynasty. Having a similar event taking place at the same venue after a millennium creates a conversation between Xian of Tang Dynasty and Xian of today.
Taipei Mayor Hau Lung-bin attended the 2010 Perfect International Business Conventions gala dinner at the Nangang Exhibition Hall on July 19. The event was organized by Perfect China Corporation  Chinas second largest direct sales company  to celebrate the establishment of its Taiwan chapter the banquet is also part of the incentive program for outstanding employees.Speaking to the audience, Hau introduced Taipei as a city with friendly residents and safe environment. The city also also offers individuals who want to indulge themselves in shopping activities great convenience. Describing Taipei as a center of creativity and top food, Hau hopes that everyone in the audience will have a good time during their stay.He also thanked the employees of Perfect China for their purchase of hand-made soaps from the Syin-Lu Welfare Foundation. The NT$3 million deal is the biggest order received by the charity group this year. The members generosity helps children with disabilities and sets another example of selfless love. The mayor presented a gift to the representatives of the company in recognition of their act of charity.Between July 18 and 19, approximately 5,200 Perfect China Corporation staff members hailing from 7 countries/territories arrived in Taiwan to attend business workshops and banquets. The incentive plan stands testimony to Taipeis capabilities in hosting large-scale events and travel program organized by international corporations. The Department of Information and Tourism pointed out that the development of MICE (meeting, incentive, convention and exhibition) industry helps boost the Citys overall economic environment. In light of the expected profits generated by the MICE industry, city agencies work closely together to attract international customers the results have been impressive. According to the latest surveys by the International Congress and Convention Association (ICCA) which ranks countries and cities by the number of meetings organized annually, Taipei City saw significant progress, rising from 32nd place in 2008 to 25th place in 2009. Among Asian cities, Taipei Citys ranking jumped from 9th in 2008 to 7th in 2009, outshining Tokyo and Shanghai.
The President of International Association of Horticulture Producers (AIPH) Doeke Faber joined Mayor Hau Lung-bin at a press conference at city hall on July 14. They announced that as of June, 31 nations have confirmed their participation in the 2010 Taipei International Flora Exposition. Officials from seven foreign representative offices in Taipei  Netherland, Greece, Oman, Jordan, United States, Palau and Philippine  appeared the event, showing their support for the upcoming expo. Young kindergarten kids holding the flags of participating countries served as the one-day spokespersons at the event, shouting Welcome to Taipei in front of the camera.Speaking to AIPH officials and journalists, Hau remarked that in addition to the confirmed participants (59 cities and 86 organizations), the city government also extended invitations to the representatives from AIPH member countries, foreign governments, and horticulture companies, hoping to attract even more foreign participants.With the involvement of these international participants, tourists will have a chance to enjoy garden landscapes reflecting different philosophies and styles, such as Netherlandss eco-friendly gardens, Greeces imitations of ancient relics, and Palaus courtyard with a waterfall backdrop. During the 171-day-long exhibition period, these international horticulture masterpieces will be on display at Global Garden Area, Pavilion of Future, and Expo Dome. According to the mayor, constructions for the majority of Flora Expo venues have been completed. Local exhibitors have moved in to furnish the exhibition venues. International exhibitors will also begin work on their respective areas by the end of July. Faber arrived in Taipei on July 12 to inspect the progress of preparations and construction works of the Flora Expo. The president of AIPH said he is impressed with the beautiful appearance of the venues and the designs seeking to integrate the concepts of environmental protection. He is fully convinced that Taipei City will hold a successful Flora Expo.
To help children who are victims or witnesses of domestic violence, EasyCard Corporation has joined hands with renowned illustrator Wan Wan to create the 2010 Charity EasyCard. A special auction event was held on July 11, featuring guest appearance by Mayor Hau Lung-bin, EasyCard Corp Chairman Liu I-cheng, and Wan Wan.Hau remarked that he is glad that the EasyCard Corporation introduced the special charity EasyCard. All proceeds from the charity card will be donated to Taiwan Fund for Children and Families and Garden of Hope Foundation to help victims of child abuse. According to the mayor, while there has been a steady increase in the budget of the Social Welfare Department over the years, the fund is still not sufficient to cover all disadvantaged groups and individuals  especially those with urgent needs.Serving as an auctioneer for the EasyCard carrying his signature, the mayor thanked the bidder who bought the item for NT$88,888. Liu and Wan Wan also contributed to the charity drive, raising NT$40,000 and NT$60,000 respectively.The EasyCard Corporation pointed out that starting today, individuals who donate more than NT$885 to either Taiwan Fund for Children and Families or the Garden of Hope Foundation will receive the 2010 Charity EasyCard designed by Wan Wan. 
Following the event in Tokyo, the delegation from Taipei City Government arrived in Osaka on July 7 to hold a press conference to promote the upcoming 2010 Taipei International Flora Exposition to the residents of eastern Japan.The press event attracted over 150 representatives from airline operators, tourism industry, local media, and members of the International Association of Horticultural Producers (AIPH).The overseas promotion campaign for the Flora Expo  organized by the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT)  targets potential tourists from neighboring countries such as Japan, Singapore, and Hong Kong. The event in Osaka is made possible with the support of the Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Osaka, the Tourism Bureau, EVA Air, China Airlines, and Japan Airlines.During his address, TPEDOIT Commissioner Tuo Chung-hwa remarked that there are a number of similarities between Taipei and Osaka, such as around-the-clock bookstores and Ferris wheels offering a great view of the surrounding landscape. Like Osaka, which is often called the kitchen of Japan, Taipei is the paradise of Chinese cuisine  as well as delicious dishes from Taiwan and Japan. In addition, Taipei City also offers a wide range of attractions, including soothing hot springs in Beitou District, relaxing massages, fashionable and affordable portrait photography service, and more.With the opening of the Taipei International Flora Expo coinciding with the peak season for overseas trips for Japanese high schools, the commissioner gave out 200 Flora Expo tickets to two high schools in the Osaka area. He invited local high school students to visit Taipei and witness the beauty of the Flora Expo. 
To celebrate Mother's Day, Taipei Fishery Marketing Corporation (TFMC) will hold special sales and blue fin tuna tasting events at the Taipei Fish Market on May 9 and May 10. Customers will have a chance to sample raw tuna slices, deep-fried oysters, stir-fried clams, roasted shrimps, and even toro  the belly of tuna. According to the TFMC, the blue fin tuna served to visitors are shipped directly from Donggang Township in Pingtung County  the biggest fishing port in southern Taiwan. Chefs from the well-known Japanese restaurant Mitsui will preside over cooking demonstrations at the market. The experts will demonstrate how to prepare blue fin tunas. They will also share their knowledge about the fish with the audience. During the two-day event, individuals who make purchases of NT$1,000 or more at the market can enjoy a ten-percent discount. In addition, they will also receive a free thermo bag, a fish assortment pack and an hour of free parking. Taipei Fish Market Address: No.20, Alley 2, Lane 410, Minzu E. Road, Zhongshan District TEL: 02-2509-9490, 02-2509-6365 ext 309-314 Website: http://www.tpfish.com.tw
A flow of runners began ascending the staircase at the sound of the starter pistol signaled the beginning of the stair-climbing competition at Shin Kong Mitsukoshi Building on April 11.  During his address, Taipei Mayor Hau Lung-bin expressed his gratitude to the Shin Kong Group for donating all registration fees from the stair-climbing competition and an additional NT$1 million to Taipei Zoo and other charity organizations.  Shin Kong Life Insurance Company President Pan Po-tseng represented the organizers in donating NT$500,000 to Taipei Zoos Director Jason Yeh for the protection of endangered animals including pandas and Formosan Black Bears.  Hau remarked that city government staff has also formed a ten-member Deaflympics Team to compete in this years event. He invited the audience to attend the upcoming Summer Deaflympics in September and show their support for local athletes.  The mayor joined celebrity volunteers Sun Yueh, Chen Shu-li, and other dignitaries in kicking off the 28th stair-climbing competition and cheering for the participants.   
With the approach of winter, it is definitely time for some steaming and delicious hot pots! To satisfy hungry gourmets, the latest Taipei Pictorial has a feature article on a selection of restaurants offering tasty hot pots and the healthy ways to enjoy this wonderful delicacy.  The monthly article of the November 2008 issue introduces hot pots which are not greasy and even good for your health, such as hot pot kelp, Japanese style Shabu Shabu and Pickled Cabbage Pork Stew. To satisfy people who prefer strong flavor hot pots, the editors also collected articles spicy hot pot, Korean hot pot, Thai style spicy and sour hot pot. As for those who enjoy embracing novelties, information about irregular hot pot ranging from milk, soybean milk to chocolate sauce could also be found in the newest issue.  To enjoy good food while staying fit, doctors of traditional Chinese Medicine and dietitians offer their advice to readers on how to choose the sauce, ingredients and food materials. Other interesting topics in the November issue cover the special exhibition on the Tamsui River at the Discovery Center of Taipei, upcoming street performers and the Taipei Arena.  Scheduled for release on November 10, the latest Taipei Pictorial will be delivered to the households of residents living in Daan and Wenshan districts.  Residents of other districts can obtain free copies at the following locations: first floor information counters at City Hall, Taipei Visitor Information Centers, MRT stations and the office of city-affiliated agencies. Residents can also read the online version at TPEDOITs website (http://www.tpedoit.taipei.gov.tw). For more information, please dial 1999, ext. 7564 or 7570.   
With the approach of winter, it is definitely time for some steaming and delicious hot pots! To satisfy hungry gourmets, the latest Taipei Pictorial has a feature article on a selection of restaurants offering tasty hot pots and the healthy ways to enjoy this wonderful delicacy. The monthly article of the November 2008 issue introduces hot pots which are not greasy and even good for your health, such as hot pot kelp, Japanese style Shabu Shabu and Pickled Cabbage Pork Stew. To satisfy people who prefer strong flavor hot pots, the editors also collected articles spicy hot pot, Korean hot pot, Thai style spicy and sour hot pot. As for those who enjoy embracing novelties, information about irregular hot pot ranging from milk, soybean milk to chocolate sauce could also be found in the newest issue. To enjoy good food while staying fit, doctors of traditional Chinese Medicine and dietitians offer their advice to readers on how to choose the sauce, ingredients and food materials. Other interesting topics in the November issue cover the special exhibition on the Tamsui River at the Discovery Center of Taipei, upcoming street performers and the Taipei Arena. Scheduled for release on November 10, the latest Taipei Pictorial will be delivered to the households of residents living in Daan and Wenshan districts. Residents of other districts can obtain free copies at the following locations: first floor information counters at City Hall, Taipei Visitor Information Centers, MRT stations and the office of city-affiliated agencies. Residents can also read the online version at TPEDOITs website (http://www.tpedoit.taipei.gov.tw). For more information, please dial 1999, ext. 7564 or 7570.
