 The Taipei City Government achieved a new milestone in its efforts to transform into a smart city, rated as the top such city in Taiwan. Today (April 16), Mayor Ko Wen-je received the GO SMART Demonstration Awards in the city government conference, and three awards including Smart Environmental Protection, Smart Safety, and Smart Government of the 2019 Smart City Innovation Application Awards granted to the Department of Information Technology (DOIT), Department of Environmental Protection (DEP), Department of Education, Police Department, Fire Department, and Public Works Department.  Mayor Ko said that creating a smart city has always been the target of his government. He started from the inside to the outside, and from the public to the private as a strategy, encouraged industries to become innovative, and successfully carried out over 160 Proof of Concept (PoC) projects. The city can be a laboratory for smart technology to test out different solutions.  Taipei citys smart city development concept shall be extended to all cities in Taiwan and exported to other countries. It established GO SMART by collaborating with the five major city governments, industries, academic institutions, research institutes, and organizations to develop the most ideal platform for cities in the world to connect and cooperate in order to promote the development of the smart city.  The 2019 Smart City Innovation Application Awards Smart Environmental Protection includes an award program developed cooperatively by DOIT and DEP known as iTrash Smart City Garbage& Recycling Integration System Trail Plan. Through cloud management and an IoT (Internet of Things) network, information can be delivered instantly to staff in charge of trash removal. Systematic management can reduce operating costs and increase efficiency. The system is also connected to smart payment systems such as EasyCard to calculate the refund cash of garbage and recycled garbage. For the convenience of users, the refund amount will be directly credited to the EasyCard so that members of the public will no longer have to manage their schedule around garbage trucks.  Moreover, the Police Department, in order to reduce the work of the police officers at the base rank and act in accordance to the new policy of Work Smart, introduced a new Electronic attendance System, Electronic Patrol System, Temporary Inspection System, Traffic Violation Reporting System, and others. These innovative systems work together as a Taipei Police WORK SMART Platform to improve the working environment for the police force. It significantly improved police and government efficiency, as well as service quality for citizens. All system data is collected by the greater platform for big data analysis in order to improve the effectiveness in criminal investigation and tackle against new ways of criminal activities using the latest technologies. The recent success has helped the project win the 2019 Smart City Innovation Application Awards for Smart Safety.  For the 2019 Smart City Innovation Application Awards in Smart Government, the Road & Pipeline Smart improvement - Disaster prevention Media 119 Emergency Center is operated by the Taipei City Road & Pipeline Information Center (RPIC), connecting the government with civil unit resources across different industries to manage road and pipeline problem 24 hours a day, nonstop. The addition of smart technology, app mobile service, 3D graphical information platform, cloud service, IoT network, AI automation, and big data analysis allows efficient management and report on the instant progress on road improvement work. Furthermore, through the use of cloud media services and related apps including instant road improvement progress media inquiries and Media 119 reporting service, an instant video stream and GPS locator allows an accurate evaluation to be made according to the place of disasters as they occur and situations of injuries or casualties. The channel offers the RPIC and 119 Rescue Command Center thorough information on the situation so that proper rescue actions can be taken and escalated if necessary with high efficiency.  Other than the awards above, Taipei also won the first GO SMART Demonstration Awards with the Smart School Fence PoC Verification Project developed by Umbo Computer Vision. Commissioner Lu Hsin-ke of DOIT explained that the verification system works through a learning AI and now being applied to Taipei Municipal Kuangfu Elementary School and Taipei Bo Ai Elementary School. The new tech combines the flourishing development of AI with image identification to improve security in the school area. Proper warnings made through AI learning have increased to 90%. The technology has also been exported to schools in Amsterdam in the Netherlands during inter-city communication.  Commissioner Lu also pointed out that Taipei City Government has established Taipei Smart City Project Management Office (TPMO) as a bridge of communication between the government and industry. With the help of public and private sectors introducing new innovative resources, Taipei continues to open up new areas for innovative technology testing so that new tech can be refined and upgraded. In the future, the government will continue to act as an open platform based on the current fundamentals and push forward smart city management and transformation. With serving citizens as our major mission, we manage to direct resources inside out to further develop the Smart Taipei, One City concept by offering higher quality service with efficiency to our citizens. 
 On Earth day this year, Taipei Zoo cooperates again with the Bureau of Energy under the Ministry of Economic Affairs to organize a green energy fair with the theme of Green Energy Transformation - Moving Forward with Animals this Saturday morning (April 20) from 9:00-12:00. Adults and children are all invited to join!  The plaza at the Taipei Zoo entrance will have a number of booths set up for you to challenge. Inside the zoo, the Eco House, Asian Tropical Rainforest Area, Amphibian and Reptile House, and Penguin House will also have booths set up inside. Adults and children have to collect 5 badges to complete the challenge. Collect a gift for clearing the challenges and join in on a lucky draw.  Earth day falls on April 22 every year. The tradition originated from the earliest large-scale environmental protection movement, which appealed to people with the message that everyone should care about environmental deterioration and take proper action to protect the environment. This year, the Earth Day Network and Taiwan Earth Day announced that the theme for 2019 will be Protect our Species, appealing to all endangered species that are facing the threat extinction. Everyone should help to maintain the diverseness of species.  In the green energy fair this year, Taipei Zoo designed educational stations including Happy Penguin station, Frogs and Tapirs workshop, and Green energy living to both amplify the theme of living threats to species and to challenge visitors: Happy Penguin station wants to share how daddy and mommy penguin incubate their eggs and take care of baby penguins, and also let us understand the difficulties of penguins during reproduction. The Frogs and Tapirs workshop want adults and children to know more about rainforest Malayan tapirs and frogs. Everyone is invited to draw a diagram of the frogs and tapirs. Green energy living invites everyone to experiment on the wind and solar generator models. Knowing how green energy operates is crucial in understanding the need for sustainable development. There are many other fascinating and meaningful activities for adults and children to participate in!  Taipei Zoo website: http://www.zoo.gov.tw/ Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/TaipeiZoo YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/TaipeiZoo
 Recently, the surroundings of Tsuei Lake in Muzha Park are abuzz with singing birds and chirping insects, heralding the arrival of spring with its fragrant flowers and new life. This is also the firefly season, and people are welcome to come firefly watching at Tsuei Lake between 18:40 to 20:00 from April 15 to May 5.  Public Works Departments Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) director Chen Jung-hsing says that the agency has committed itself to the ecological redesign and management of the citys parks for many years. While it is not easy to achieve a balance between city and nature, Tsuei Lake in Muzha Park has become a place where fireflies thrive thanks to the efforts of the Beauty Tsuei Lake Volunteer Team and Wenshan Community College. The presence of fireflies is an indicator that the water and flora of this area are clean. Chen calls on the public to cherish and protect this piece of land and preserve it for not only future generations of fireflies but also our grandchildren.  Chang Hsiu-chu, head of the PSLOs Nangang Park Management Division, explains that fireflies emit a faint fluorescent light to attract the opposite sex. She urges visitors not to wear light-emitting apparel (such as squeaky childrens shoes with lights) to avoid interference with the fireflies. As public lighting around Tsuei Lake is of low intensity, visitors are advised to allow their eyes a moment to adjust to the low-light surroundings before they enter the area. Visitors should also follow the Four Donts: dont catch the fireflies, dont disturb the fireflies, dont shine any light on the fireflies, and dont stray from the walkways. If we give the fireflies space, they will thrive, and we will be able to enjoy them for years to come.  Wenshan Community College president Cheng Hsiu-chuan notes that her college has produced information boards that are hung on a wall near the Muzha Pool to inform visitors of the history of Tsuei Lake, and the ecological efforts to bring the fireflies back to the park. Volunteers will also screen a mini film outdoors about the nature restoration work in the park and the return of fireflies to Muzha. The mini film will be screened at the bamboo pavilion opposite the public restrooms of Muzha Park on the weekends of April 20-21, April 27-28, and May 4-5, between 18:40 and 20:00. Everyone is welcome to come see this mini film free of charge. People interested in joining the Tsuei Lake Volunteers are invited to sign up for the volunteer training camp to be held this summer. Further updates will be posted on the Facebook Public Group, titled Beauty Tsuei Lake .  Past experience has shown that firefly-watching crowds have caused major traffic congestion, resulting in much wasted time and significant local air pollution from idling cars. The public is therefore strongly advised to use public transport to visit any firefly watching areas, including the one at Muzha.to visit Muzha Parks Tsuei Lake firefly watching spot, take buses 237, 253, 611, or 671 and alight at Muzha Park Stop, from where it is a 2-minute walk to the park. Buses 294, 647, 660, 666, 915, 933, and Brown 6 all stop at the Zaixing High School Stop, from which it is a 6-minute walk to the park. Anyone that still insists on coming by car can park inside the roadside parking spots around Muzha Park or, when those spots are full, in the Underground Parking Lot of Yongjian Elementary School, from where it is a 10-minute walk to the park.  Love the fireflies? Then be nice: givem clean air.  So catch a bus, no parking fuss, and well see you there! 
 The Urban Renewal Act was amended on January 30, 2019. In order to inform the public on laws, regulations, policies, and practices regarding urban renewal, as well as their rights and property valuations and review during urban renewal projects, the Taipei City Urban Regeneration Office (URO)s Taipei Urban Regeneration Institute is holding its first 2019 Urban Renewal Seminar at 14:30 on April 17 in the 3F Lecture Room of the Taipei City Governments Department of Sports Administrative Building.  At the seminar, section chief Lin Yu-lin of the Construction and Planning Agency (CPAMI)s Urban Regeneration Division will give a presentation titled Key Changes in the Urban Renewal Act and Related Regulations (Part I). Admission is free and everyone is welcome.  The URO notes that the city government established the Taipei Urban Regeneration Institute in the beginning of 2019 to combine resources related to renewal and reconstruction, construction, maintenance, community building, and the UROs training capabilities to deliver courses to equip municipal personnel and civic-minded citizens with the knowledge and skills needed to jointly work on urban regeneration.  The 12 seminars will run from Wednesday, April 17 through Saturday, October 19, 2019, and will cover Key Changes in the Urban Renewal Act and its Related Regulations Plot Boundaries and Architectural Management Regulations Rights Changes, Valuations, and Reviews Registration of Property Rights Trusts for Urban Renewal Projects Analysis of Jurisprudence Concerning Property Taxation after Urban Renewal. Together, these seminars will provide an in-depth and well-rounded overview of the regulatory framework, review, and practical issues and approaches in urban renewal.  The organization of the seminar series is in the able hands of the Taipei City Urban Renewal and Comprehensive Development Association (URCDA), which has invited a strong roster of experts to give the seminars. These experts include senior managers from the CPAMIs Urban Regeneration Division, the URO and Taipei City Construction Management Office, real estate appraisers, land administration agents, lawyers, accountants, and construction companies specializing in urban renewal who will share their experience and expertise of every step in urban renewal projects. The admission-free seminars are expected to draw many participants, so please arrive early to ensure yourself of a good seat and your copy of the seminar handout (150 copies, first come first served).  For further detail on the themes, please refer to the course poster or visit the URCDA website at http://www.urcda.org.tw/study_ii.html?getId=30 or phone (02) 2531-8570 ext. 212 (Miss Kuo). 
 The roses in the Chiang Kai-shek Shilin Residence are now blooming! The spring flowers now bloom with a romantic passion. We invite you to visit the residence between April 12 and 28 to join us at the rose garden!  The Shilin Residence Rose Show 2019 offers more than just a variety of roses. This year, the Amazing pressed-flower making club and Color arts club will exhibit pressed flowers and color arts together among a wide range of creative art. Citizens are invited to the spring flower viewing to experience the many faces of roses.  Director Chen Jung-hsing of the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) said that this year, the Shilin Residence Rose Show invited a famous pressed-flower making organization, the Amazing pressed-flower making club, to exhibit their great pieces in the greenhouse beside the rose garden. With the theme of Lovely rose, 45 sets of pressed flowers, 10 sets of dried flowers, and 10 sets of dream flowers are being exhibited. Inheriting the spirit of the Taipei Flora Expo, the works will also be exhibited at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics-related warm up promotional exhibition. Famous Japanese artist Nobuo Sugino is invited to showcase his pressed floral art, along with ten outstanding Japanese pressed-flower artists.  The most special piece of art is the three huge connected flower art pieces Flower Sea, created by the female pressed-flower making class in the Agency of Corrections Chiayi Prison. The romantic environment is covered with a floral scent of roses. The show also invited the Color arts club lead by instructor Li Lan to exhibit oil paintings of roses surrounding the theme of Secular love. 56 oil paintings are rendered in special painting techniques. Appreciating the art, you can feel the joy in these expressions of beauty and love. The rose show also wants to draw our attention to vulnerable groups so that the love can always be delivered to them. Let us be surrounded by the beauty and happiness of roses.  Horticulture Management Division supervisor He Chi-hua further explains that due to recent exposure to sunlight and moderate weather, roses are growing and blooming at a great pace in the outdoor rose garden. The variety of roses blooming in the outdoor rose garden of Chiang Kai-Shek Shilin Residence are red, pink, purple, yellow, and orange Floribunda, English Roses, French Roses, Hybrid Tea Roses, and Shrub Roses. The 5 major categories of roses covered about 125 species and over 2000 rose plants are blooming one after another. The scrambling shrubs of Climber Roses extend through the corridor of roses. Citizens and lovers are invited to embrace the romantic atmosphere here away from the city. Come and enjoy the view of aromatic roses, pressed flowers, and paintings during the greatest time of the year for flower blossom viewing.  The Shilin Residence Rose Show 2019 is only open from April 12 to 28. Citizens are welcome to visit during this period for blossom viewing with your friends and family at the Chiang Kai-Shek Shilin Residence for a spring gathering. The PSLO wants to remind you that a high volume of visitors will enter the show. In order to protect the environment by saving energy and reduce carbon emission, visitors are encouraged to take the MRT or public transport. For detailed show information please pay attention to the fan page Chiang Kai-Shek Shilin Residence Visitor.  Shilin Residence Rose Show 2019 Show date: April 12 to 28, 2019 Time: Outdoor garden 08:00-19:00 Rose greenhouse: 09:00-16:00  Transportation information: 1. Take the MRT to Shilin Station and use exit no. 2, 7 minutes walking distance. 2. For public bus please search Taiwan Power Company North Taipei District Office Station, Chiang Kai-Shek Shilin Residence Station, or Xiaobei Street Station to get there.
 The Taipei City Vocational Development Institute (VDI) has organized the event LOHAS Station, to be held from 14:00 to 16:00 on every Wednesday between April 10 and June 12.  The event lasts for 10 weeks and invites neighboring elders to join in a series of interactive learning course together with the institutes students and caregiver students. The elders can find many opportunities to interact with others in the course, and through learning to improve their cognitive experience. The event intends to encourage a positive way of thinking among the elders in order to improve their self-esteem, and as a result, for the elders to live healthily, happily, and without regard to age.  Taiwan has officially joined the ranks of aged society in 2018. The elder population in Taipei city will reach 17.26% in 2019. Many elder-related necessities urgently require attention. In accordance with the industrial needs of an aged society, VDI offers courses in caregiver training and elder diet culinary training. By organizing the LOHAS Station event, students can interact with elders and observe them more closely to further understand the needs of an elder-related industry.  The event is designed by VDI trainers, caregiver students, and also specially invites the coaches from the Taipei Da-Tong Sports Center. All of them participated in the design of the course. The event starts on April 10 and lasts for 10 weeks, includes Taichi health exercises and performances of traditional songs. Elders will have the opportunities to participate in active and passive activities such as stretching, singing, gardening, and handcrafting. Institute students will also make healthy food to share with the elders.  Fascinating course design makes the lessons greatly entertaining for the elders. Granny Wang took a long trip on Taiwan High Speed Rail from Fengshan to join the event. In spite of feeling uncomfortable, she endured the pain of her fasciitis just to join the LOHAS Station event. Granny Wang has been treated by the staff to relief her pain first, and then she immediately participated in the Taichi stretching and singing activities. After the event, granny Wang felt that her fasciitis condition had been greatly relieved. She appreciates the organization of the event, but the staff on site recommended her to seek for medical assistance. Another participant, Grandpa Liu, said the stretching involves Taichi techniques and is more effective than the community stretching courses. The first event organized by the institute received great support from elders. In the future, we wish that the elders will be encouraged to join more community events and enjoy a fruitful life in retirement. 
 On the morning of April 10, the Taipei Municipal Yingqiao Elementary School received a delegation of 11 teachers and students from the Philippines under the 2019 Youth Exchange Student Program of Rotary Club of Taipei Toa Tiu Tian.  A Taipei City Campus Construction Model School Quality Award recipient and a 2018 Rice Education School under the eponymous program of the Council of Agricultures Agriculture and Food Agency, the school offered a two-day immersive program to familiarize their Philippine guests with Chinese culture and language and to help them get to know their fifth-grade hosts and their teachers.  The project, sponsored by the Rotary Club of Taipei Toa Tiu Tian in the international organizations spirit of service, consisted of a two-day program at Ying-Chao Elementary School, a visit to the Bread of Life Christian Church in Guting accompanied by Rotary Club of Taipei Toa Tiu Tian president Danny,club members, and school principal Liu Hui-mei.  The elderly residents of the community around the school were pampered with the simultaneous treats of traditional Philippine dances by the visiting teachers and students and massages by the Ying-Chao principal, teachers, and students, after which everyone shared a meal and a good time together. This was intended to give the students the opportunity to undergo a care and service learning experience consisting of knowing, getting close to, and respecting the elderly, supporting, and caring for the elderly, among other subjects. Linguistic barriers were shattered in the process, and the loving service spirit of Rotary Club was palpable!  On the morning of April 11, the Philippine children participated in the schools morning assembly flag-raising ceremony, which signified the start of the second day of their immersive learning experience at a Taiwanese elementary school. In this packed two-day trip, the young guests from the Philippines experienced an all-Chinese learning environment and learned the art of calligraphy by learning how to write their own name in Chinese, experienced small-plot gardening by helping plant vanilla seedlings, brew and tasted vanilla tea, enjoyed a traditional Taiwanese lion dance, played a game of tee-ball, and practiced papercutting the character for spring, and much other good fun.  On the afternoon of April 12, the unforgettable international exchange activity concluded with gifts and handshakes. The youngsters and teachers from the Philippines have certainly felt the thoughtfulness of Taipei Municipal Yingqiao Elementary School in its arrangements. We trust that the experience of this Ying-ChaoPhilippines Immersive Chinese Language Experience and International Exchange Activity will have a deep and lasting impact on the Ying-Chao students. 
 The Asian Animal Friendly Alliance (AAFA) held its inaugural meeting and media event at the B2 level of the Mandarin Oriental in Taipei on April 11. The organization is co-founded by Hong Kong entrepreneur Peng Genlin, Taiwanese lawmaker Wang Yu-Min, and Japanese senator Oshima Kusuo,  On the same day, a forum titled Taiwan Experience, Asia Framework was held to promote awareness and the practice of animal friendliness in Asian countries. The worlds first Animal Friendly City Index and Research Report was presented at the forum. Because of all the animal friendly city activities, the report lists Taipei as an animal-friendly city model for other Asian cities to followa meaningful international recognition.  The Animal Protection Office (APO) noted that AAFA was founded by Hong Kong entrepreneur Peng Genlin, who also founded the World Dog Alliance (WDA), lawmaker Wang Yu-Min, and Japanese senator Oshima Kusuo, and the goal is to bring Asian lawmakers and animal welfare specialists and activists together to jointly improve animal welfare and make Asia more animal friendly. The forum, titled Taiwan Experience, Asia Framework, was presented the Animal Friendly City Index and Research Report. The index survey provides an in-depth description of the current situation of cats and dogs, mans closest companion animals, in Asian countries from a public sector perspective in terms of legislation and enforcement, from a private sector perspective in terms of facilities and services available to owners and their pets, and from the perspective of public-private partnerships that aim to improve animal welfare. The index ranks Taipei as an animal-friendly model city in Asia, and describes and compares New Taipei City, Kyoto and Fukuoka on a range of animal welfare parameters to assess the state of animal well-being infrastructure in Asia.  With regard to the legal aspect of the public sector, APO highlighted that even before Taiwans Animal Protection Act was passed, Taipei has enforced its local Taipei Livestock Dogs Management Regulations since 1972. As peoples concepts and standards of animal protection developed over time, and in line with national animal welfare policy objectives, the Taipei Autonomous Regulations Regarding Animal Protection were passed in 2015. On top of that, the city also uniquely runs the Ten Major Taipei Animal Friendly City Projects, which include 115 animal friendly spaces promoted by the city, 5 dog sports parks and dog activity areas, and 7 animal-friendly city buses running on weekends for dog owners and their dogs, as well as heavy penalties for animal abandonment and high bonuses for reporting potential animal abuse cases, school dog adoption projects, and pet owner education such as pet etiquette for public places, and much more. These are all initiatives that the animal friendliness index takes into consideration.  Taipei was chosen as the city to hold the inaugural meeting of the Asian Animal Friendly Alliance because the international community has taken note of the citys policies and practices that reflect Taiwans efforts to improve animal welfare, and because Taipei is becoming a culturally and morally advanced city that takes pet owners responsibilities seriously. Taipei truly is an animal-friendly city to take note of. 
 To celebrate its 50th anniversary, the Taipei Symphony Orchestra (TSO) is holding a series of special events, including the TSO 50th Anniversary Exhibition, which will run until May 22 on the second floor of Zhongshan Hall. The exhibition takes visitors on a journey across five eventful decades.  Established in 1969, TSO is part of the Taipei Department of Cultural Affairs Taipei City Symphony Orchestra. Over the course of half a century, Taipei City has grown a symphony orchestra of international stature. The TSO 50th Anniversary Exhibition offers snapshots of stage successes at home and abroad as well as glimpses at the blood, sweat, and tears that are spent backstage to make it all happen, from the early beginnings to this day. The exhibitions two main story lines, Symphony of Time and Spaces Revisited, introduce the inner workings of the orchestra and all the dedication that goes into delivering its brilliant performances.  In 1969, when Neil Armstrong set foot on the moon, famously calling it one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind, Taipei also took a small step by founding its very own city orchestra, which proved the first step of a long and celebrated journey. TSO has always been a darling of the public and critics alike, and has won the admiration and appreciation of music lovers around the globe. This is why the orchestras milestones coincide so often with historic events, as the documents and video fragments in the Symphony of Time corridor show.  The scenes displayed in the Spaces Revisited corridor offer glimpses into the orchestras daily operations and its transformation over time. From passionate posters, flyers, and tickets that many visitors will fondly remember, to models and costumes used for the opera Madame Butterfly, as well as the chairs used on stage. The waiting lobby displays items used backstage to prepare for concerts and shows todays rehearsal rooms where the musicians gather to rehearse and discuss, which is where it all started.  Ranking among the most complicated activities in the history of human civilization, symphony orchestra performances can transport people across time and space. The presence and indeed participation of the audience has been a necessary ingredient for TSO during its semi centennial journey. This is why at this exhibition, photography and videography are not prohibited as other exhibitions, in order to help visitors to truly immerse themselves into the unique exhibition in this historic space, feel a sense of connection with the musical instruments and accessories on display, and be drawn into the photos and videos and feel part of the audience in those past moments that resonate to this day.  Besides the TSO 50th Anniversary Exhibition, the celebratory TSO 50th Anniversary Performance Series includes the Asian Orchestra Summit on May 18 and the TSO 50th Anniversary Celebration Concert on May 19. The orchestras musicians and fans are looking forward to another 50 years of musical milestones to be envisioned, and then reached! 
 In the afternoon, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a joint press conference of businesses from the Dadaocheng area titled Fragrant Dadaocheng  Chinese Herbal Festival.  In his speech, he cited the distribution of foreign travelers in Taipei, who rank Taipei 101 as the number one sight to be seen, followed by the National Palace Museum, and in third place Dadaocheng, the thriving settlement from Taiwans 1920s which is especially popular with Japanese and Korean tourists. This is a good foundation to grow bigger visitor numbers in the future.  Ko went on to say that the earliest fragrances in the Dadaocheng area used to be those of tea. Later, wafts of coffee were added to the scents lingering in its streets. Now, Chinese herbs are making their presence known through their distinct aromas and their very own festival. The event aims to attract visitors to the neighborhood through the fragrances of Chinese herbal soups, dishes with medicinal herbs, and wholesome herbal drinks. In the past, Dadaojing, Taipei City Wall, and Bangka were collectively called the Three Market Streets because they were laid out along a single north-south axis. These days, the same connection from Dadaochengs herbal heritage via Beimen to Bangka is reinforced to offer a comprehensive sightseeing experience.  He added that all around the world, tourism is based on culture. For skyscrapers you visit New York. For East Asian architecture, especially Minnan-style architecture, Taipei is emerging as the destination of choice.  The mayor concluded by saying that he felt happy that this event connected with the Ningxia Night Market, Dalongdong Shopping District, and the Bangka Night Market. This way, the Three Market Streets are connected again. Dadaocheng is by far the oldest, but if the others package their historical Taiwanese features in a modern way, just like the Chinese herbs sellers have now done, then they could attract young people, an indispensable target group, because sightseeing areas cannot just rely on senior travelers. Having seen at this event how traditional culture is freshly presented in modern ways makes Mayor Ko look forward to future developments.  
 Taipei City calls upon all local employers of Indonesian migrant workers to grant them time off to vote.  Indonesias Presidential Election, which takes place once every 6 years, will be held on April 17, 2019.overseas voting for Indonesians in Taiwan has been scheduled for April 14 (Sunday). The Department of Labor (DOL) has specially called upon the employers to give migrant workers some time off so they could cast their votes and take part in the momentous democratic election.  As shown in DOL statistics, there are currently approximately 270,000 Indonesian migrant workers living in Taiwan more than 34,000 live in Taipei City. Most of them are hired as home care workers, who have been contributing to and assisting with Taiwans home care and business development. The government is calling upon their employers to grant the Indonesian migrant workers appropriate time off and make them aware of their overseas voting rights and the locations of the polling stations. We hope that all Indonesian migrant workers will be able to cast their sacred ballots.  The Indonesian government has established the Indonesian Independent Election Committee in Taipei for the countrys Fourth Presidential and Legislative Election. To encourage its overseas citizens to cast their sacred ballots, the Committee has specially set up 34 polling stations across Taiwan for its nationals working in Taiwan. In Taipei City, there are 4 polling stations in total (please see the exhibit below for more details). We hope that employers will pass down the information to their Indonesian migrant workers and offer them some time off so that they could cast a vote in the location they find most convenient.  Indonesian Overseas Citizens Polling Stations in Taipei City:  Locations:  KDEI Taipei 6F, No.550, RuiGuang Rd, Neihu Dist, Taipei City TMS1-Depan Kantor PCINU TAIWAN No. 15, Alley 10, Lane 40, Chang'an West Road, Zhongshan District, Taipei City, 10491 TMS2-Toko Indosari Jaya No.8, Bei Ping West Rd, Taipei City Royal Cafe Daan No. 72, Section 2, XinSheng S. Road, Daan District, Taipei City  
 On April 3, Taipei City Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the Freedom of Speech Day memorial ceremony for the unveiling of Unforgettable Path of Freedom  Mr. Wu San-lien Memorial Monument.  During his speech, Mayor Ko mentioned that April 7 has been designated as Taiwans Freedom of Speech Day the freedom of speech has never been a given  it is something that many people have sacrificed and fought for, something that they have exchanged their blood and lives for. Its no different in Taiwan, where the freedom of speech has never naturally occurred but has been earned through strenuous efforts. Taipei City Government has been organizing events since 2017 to commemorate the April 7 Freedom of Speech Day. Our first event was the Unforgettable Path of Freedom last year it was the unveiling ceremony for Mr. Cheng Nan-jungs memorial monument. And this year, we are gathering here to pay our respect to Mr. Wu San-lien.  Mayor Ko pointed out that Mr. Wu San-lien had once served as government-appointed Taipei City Mayor in 1950. In 1951, he became the first Taipei City Mayor via direct election of the people. Today, the conference room directly across from the Mayor Office, located on the 11th floor of Taipei City Hall, still owns the name Wu San-lien Hall. We have specially reserved the conference room to commemorate this piece of history of our former Taipei City Mayor.  The mayor emphasized that if we want to make Taipei into a more cultural city, we have to keep our history. He has reiterated the point many times  anything that has happened on this land would be a part of the history, and we would have to preserve and integrate it into our modern society.  On this years April 7 Freedom of Speech Day, we are specially recognizing the Independence Evening Post founded by Mr. Wu San-lien. The newspaper was a unique presence during the period of authoritarian rule in Taiwan besides underground flyers, Independence Evening Post was probably the only media that dared to comment on public policies. Mayor Ko said that the newspaper was popular during the time when he was still in middle school. He further acknowledged that Independence Evening Post had stayed unwavering during the time of authoritarian rule as it published critics on current policies and undauntedly expressed its views, with no signs of serving as the government mouthpiece. Under the leadership of Mr. Wu San-lien, the newspaper had carried out tremendous contributions to Taiwans freedom of speech. In light of this, we would like to take this opportunity today to honor Mr. Wu San-liens overall contributions to Taiwans development of freedom of speech. 
 In 2018, the Department of Economic Development (DOED) created T Fashion, an experimental fashion base, on the 4th floor of Yongle Market. As an experimental project, a total of 16 fashion related schools, including Shih Chien University and Fu Jen Catholic University, were brought in along with 23 Fashion Art Taipei designers and renowned fashion designers to create an industry exchange platform, where new media and other fashion-related industries were also stationed.  The facility is a work-sharing and exhibition space that is simultaneously streamlined with the textile and accessory-related industries found on the second and third floors of Yongle Market. The goal is to promote integrated industry chain development and stimulate overall industry development. The recipient of the 2014 and 2015 Fashion Art Taipei Gold Award, designer Chou Yu-ying, along with in-house fashion designers Daniel Wong, Chen Chun-liang, and Hsu Ming-mei were even chosen to participate in braIN TAIWAN curated by Tainan City Government and later made appearance at Milan Fashion Week, bringing Taiwans textile and fashion industries to the international scene.  According to the Taipei City Office of Commerce (TCOOC), the city government has been devoted to promoting the fashion industry over the past 7 years, the establishment of the Fashion Art Taipei series has been assisting hardworking designers who are hoping to actualize their dreams, and has also discovered many of Taiwans fashion designing talents along the way.  Those involved have also been working tirelessly with the private sector to cooperate on an industry exchange platform that will provide guidance for many of the fashion worlds future stars to enter the global stage. For instance, designers Chou Yu-ying, Chang Shuo-yu, and Wang Li-ling have all debuted at international fashion weeks, and their collections have all received acclaim. The exchange platform has become an important channel for designers to jump start their career, as it vows to make Taiwanese designers shine and thereby stimulate all related businesses. Last year, the Taipei City Government even launched an experimental fashion base for the first time  T Fashion, which was created to build an industry settlement that will focus on talent cultivation, brand incubation, and industry collaboration. Ultimately, T Fashion is expected to reinforce Taipeis fashion related industry chains and therefore invigorate the citys overall fashion industry development.  The city government is hoping that through instituting exhibition and exchange platforms for the designers and bringing fashion industry talent in to work with businesses, cross-industry partnership opportunities will be created to assist the citys fashion industry in entering the international scene. In the future, the government also welcomes more cross-industry or cross-city exchanges and collaborations as we cooperate on experience sharing and devote ourselves in advancing Taiwans fashion industry. Let us join hands and push the designers to shine on the global stage and revitalize all fashion related industries! For more information, please visit T Fashion Facebook page T Fashion, an experimental fashion base (https://reurl.cc/o9gAM) or TCOOC Facebook page on all the fun activities in Taipei ( www.facebook.com/tcooc/ ).  
 Co-organized by the Taipei City Governments Department of Sports and Taiwan Dancesport Development Association (TDDA), the 2019 World Grand Prix - Open to the World dance competition is licensed by the International Dance Organization (IDO) and is also Taiwans only multi-disciplinary dance World Grand Prix. The spectacular event took place on March 30 and 31 at Taipei Arena and the basement theater of Taipei City Council.  This has already been the 11th year that this competition has taken place at the Taipei Arena. Besides the worlds top 24 professional dancers, there are 400 pairs of contestants in total hailing from 30 countries in America, Europe, Australia and Asia. Modern dance world champions Mirko and Edita, worlds No.2 Latin dance couple Stefano and Daria, and worlds No.2 show dance couple Gerhard and Amor were also invited to participate at the grand spectacle this year. On the second day of the event, the competition moved to the basement theater at Taipei City Council, where dancer Seoyoung Park, representing South Korea in the world belly dance competition, wowed the crowd with stunning dance skills.  Each year, the competition releases a special edition of World Grand Prix Charity EasyCard. To allow more children from disadvantaged families who show passion and talent in dancing to have the opportunity to attend international competitions abroad and make Taiwan proud, Project Hope for Tomorrow's Dance Kings, which has been a popular and successful event every year, has been launched again this year. Led by the Blackpool Dance Festival winner and ballroom dance world champion, this years campaign hopes to attract dance lovers and fans to collect a total of 4 different designs of World Grand Prix Charity EasyCard to make donations to Project Hope for Tomorrow's Dance Kings.  Tsai Pei-lin, Deputy Commissioner of the Department of Sports, also attended the competition on March 30. Tsai said that sports participation needs support from more people, so encouragement of sports activities could have an even greater impact. He expressed his appreciation for the dedication and efforts put forth by TDDA in the last 11 years. The deputy commissioner was also delighted to see more and more people coming to Taipei Arena to take part in the event every year.  After two days of exciting and incredible competitions, the Ballroom Dance World Grand Prix  Latin Dance champion title was claimed by Vitaly Sevastijanov and Anna Lisova from the U.K. the title of World Grand Prix  Modern Dance champions went to Diego Arias Prado and Ekaterina Ermolina from Spain. In the Belly Dance category, Seoyoung Park from South Korea won the championship at Solo Grand Prix, while Taiwans Chen Chiao-hsin reached first place in Solo Adult Open Group 1. Taiwans Tsai Pei-hsuan took first place in Solo Adult Open Group 2 and the top honor of Group Dance - Prop & Fusion goes to Taiwans Charms.  Other dancers representing Taiwan also achieved impressive results. In ballroom dance category, Chen Chien-shen and Chen Yen-chun, Yeh Chia-lin and Sun Chi successfully entered the World Grand Prix Standard  Modern Dance final, and reached 5th and 6th place respectively. In addition, the team formed by Wang Chun-yen and Hao Chen-ju also entered the World Grand Prix  Latin Dance final with the ranking of 7th place and Tseng Yu-ting took 2nd place in Belly Dance Solo Grand Prix. All Taiwanese participants have given stellar performances.  Being one of Taiwans highest ranked world dance competitions, the 2019 World Grand Prix - Open to the World has once again invited world dance champions to perform in Taiwan. Every year the competition brought spectacular shows and attracted tens of thousands of dance enthusiasts to take part in the extravaganza. This year the thrilling games have again come to an end amidst cheers and applause. We now await the 2020 World Grand Prix to come to Taipei again on March 28 and 29 of next year, bringing us all together in Taipei for more breathtaking international dance competitions. 
 In the morning of April 6, Mayor Ko Wen-je participated in the One-Day Community Doctor and Taipei City International Community Care Day events.  Ko first visited 95-year-old Grandma Chang in Zhinan Village of Wenshan District to listen to the long-term care recipients thoughts and needs. He stated that even though the best care model is not fully established yet, we just have to start somewhere. He further acknowledged the tireless efforts shown by the Taipei home care medical team as the team members make doctor visits and perform clinical care at peoples homes.  When giving his speech at the Taipei City International Community Care Day event, Mayor Ko mentioned that Taipei City is now becoming an aged society the population of people aged 65 years old and above will exceed 20% in 3 to 4 years. He cited the National Health Insurance (NHI) as an example: Taiwans NHI premium has been rising over the past few years, but the total population of Taiwan has not. Therefore, due to the aging society and the fact that elderly people usually have more health issues, medical fees have been increasing even though Taiwans total population has stayed fairly the same.  Mayor Ko explained that, Taipeis disabled elderly population is expected to grow to approximately 58,000 in three years, and how to care for these elderly citizens will be a serious problem that will need attention. Mayor Ko believed that large-scale care centers are more popular in the U.S. where elderly citizens can be looked after in groups. However, in the context of Chinese culture, the elderly will usually refuse to stay at such centers, preferring to remain in their communities or at home.  Therefore, Mayor Ko believed that Taipei should focus on developing medical home care, nursing home care, pharmaceutical home care, rehabilitation home care, and hospice home care services. Taipei possesses two advantages in regard to this development: one is having its own comprehensive network of Taipei City Hospitals and two is the smooth horizontal integration of health and civil affairs resources. The city government has been assuring the tie between its Department of Health and Department of Civil Affairs to be seamless over the years. Our next step now is to brainstorm on how to foster our care services to focus on the needs of locals, communities, and home care recipients!  At the end, Mayor Ko also encouraged everyone to work together to solve the problems. He pointed out that, in fact, the issue is not the large number of elderly citizens, but the rapid increase in elderly citizens. When looking at Sweden, for example, it took 130 years for the population of seniors 65 years old and above to grow from 7% to 20% of the total population. Contrary to Swedens slow aging timeline, Taiwan has been experiencing a 1% growth every year. The government needs to find solutions for how to interfere and deal with the situation. Mayor Ko confessed that he has not worked out the details, but is hoping to inspire more collaborations between public and private sectors and encourage more comments and feedback, thereby creating an even more comprehensive long-term care system. 
 On April 13 and 14, Taipei Zoo and Kinmen County Government will collaborate on the 2019 Wudao (Kinmen) City God Cultural Tourism Festival and Otter Conservation Event.  During this period, a small-scale pilgrimage procession from Kinmen, the centipede procession the husband-carrying-wife dance, and other traditional folk performances will be specially arranged to take place at the Zoos entrance plaza. To partner with Kinmens promotion of otter conservation, animal mascots will also be at the plaza to greet everyone. Please dont miss this great opportunity to experience it all!  The Taipei Zoo has been working with Kinmen on conservation projects over the past few years. Several years ago, the Zoo joined the wild animal rescue and rehabilitation initiative led by the Forestry Bureau and was responsible for looking after Da Qin (), Xiao Qin (), and Qin Sha ()  three otter pups from Kinmen. They have brought pleasant memories for many visitors to the Zoo over the years and are all now adults. Xiao Qin and Qin Sha have successfully reproduced twice for a total of 3 otter pups, which has encouraged everyone to pursue subsequent otter conservation work. Kinmens Eurasian otter conservation has gradually become one of the key topics that Taipei Zoo actively publicizes. Taipei Zoo has made visits to Kinmen many times to work with the county government to co-host discussion forums and educational activities, with the hope that more and more local people will come to understand the rarity of Kinmens otters and the imminent survival threats they are facing.  Wudao City God Cultural Tourism Festival is Kinmens grandest annual religious festivity, which displays distinctive customs and traditional culture with the countys local zhen-tou activities and events. The festival, which attracts crowds of visitors every year, has long been Kinmens cultural feast loved by the locals and the tourists alike. The 2019 Wudao City God Cultural Tourism Festival and Otter Conservation Event seeks to integrate folk culture and ecological conservation, so that people attending the religious festivals will also learn to be aware of the survival crisis that Kinmens otters are facing, which will thereby deepen the meaning of the festivals traditional cultural events.  Otter conservation and Kinmen City God culture are two topics that appear to be drastically different, but wont you be interested to see what magic they will ignite when brought together? On April 13 and 14 (Saturday and Sunday), there will be a morning and an afternoon show time (a total of 4 sessions), where there will be a small-scale pilgrimage procession, as well as the centipede procession, the husband-carrying-wife dance, and other traditional folk performances from Kinmen, taking place at Taipei Zoos entrance plaza. Animal mascots will also be at the events to accompany everyone taking part in Kinmens most authentic folk festival. We welcome people of all ages to come and enjoy it all! 
 April 2 has been declared World Autism Awareness Day (WAAD) by the United Nations General Assembly. On the eve of this special day, Mayor Ko Wen-je went arrived at Civic Plaza to join in an activity where he waved a blue wand and a blue ribbon. The mayor listed the Five Mutuals in hopes that those with autism could live happily together with everyone else in Taiwans inclusive society.  Mayor Ko pointed out that the Foundation for Autistic Children and Adults in Taiwan (FACT) has, for seven years in a row now, surrounded Taiwanese landmarks such as the iconic Taipei 101 with a chain of blue lanterns. This year, the Office of the President, Xinyi shopping district, and LEECO Outlet are surrounded in a festive activity of blue lanterns and blue ribbons, which signal support for the autism cause.  The mayor said in many cases, autism may not be immediately visible as it is a linguistic and emotional barrier that causes difficulties in interpersonal communication and interaction. Therefore, part of FACTs mission is to continually disseminate information online to raise awareness and understanding.  Ko stressed that if autism can be diagnosed early, treatment can be more effective. But the most important thing is that people develop more understanding and learn how to interact with people with autism. Bridging the gap of understanding is something Mayor Ko has encountered when his son has emotional problems: his behavior may seem strange at first, but not after an attempt has been made to understand him. Therefore, the mayor expressed his hopes that this activity makes people aware that, with autism, you are different, but that doesnt matter: as long as you can understand one another, you can get along.  Adding that Taiwan must become a diverse and open society, Ko remarked that diversity is about understanding. Like the Five Mutuals he often mentions: knowing one another, understanding one another, respecting one another, working with one another, and accepting one another. These Five Mutuals can be applied to almost every situation. He believes that the Five Mutuals help people know that a person has autism, then understand them, respect them, work with them, and, even if it is a new experience, accept them.  Finally, Ko expressed his hopes that those with autism can live happily together with everyone else in Taiwans inclusive society. 
 On April 2, Urban Regeneration Station 127 (URS127) wound up its work, marking the end of its regeneration effort in the Dadaocheng Dihua Street area. URS127 was the first of many URS stations set up by the Taipei City Urban Regeneration Office (URO).  Over the nine years of its existence, the URS127 team felt especially grateful for Tamkang Universitys Department of Architecture and the Blue Dragon Art Company in the assistance. Through setting up a shop in the area to help develop a public issue for the Dadaocheng area and Dihua Street area, those involved brought traditional businesses together and added artistic and informative elements to their stores in order to enrich the experience of visitors and patrons. These efforts have made the area more interesting, deepened interaction with target groups, and brought about a revival of the area with new cultural and creative businesses moving in. Dihua Street is now definitely on the map as a hot spot for shopping, dining, and cultural entertainment in Taipei.  Through the joint efforts of the URO, Tamkang Universitys Department of Architecture, and Blue Dragon Art Company, URS127 has been able to hold a total of 273 events, attracting 100,000 people over the past nine years. The area has developed a distinct flavor and energy, which has attracted start-ups but has also inspired many second-generation owners of traditional businesses to return to the area, resulting in a store occupancy rate growing by 45% at some point. There is also a growing trend of participation among local residents in the public affairs of the area, adding workshops and community organizations in the alleys. Initiated by URS127, nearly 50 local businesses have come together since 2016 to hold the Dadaocheng Summer Art Festival, which has since grown into an important annual event in the area. This in turn moved the Taipei Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) to develop an integrated area marketing plan for Dadaocheng as the Citys Museum, and the Taipei City Office of Commerce to develop a Business Transformation Plan geared toward the area. This attention and resources has made Dadaocheng lively and thriving again.  To revitalize certain neighborhoods and strengthen the transformational power of inner city areas, the URO launched the URS Project back in 2010. As Taipeis economic point of gravity moved eastward, the once-thriving Dadaocheng area lost businesses and its competitiveness. Under the Taipei City Dadaocheng Special Area Project and the Urban Building Capacity Transfer Policy, a building halfway along Dihua Street was chosen to house URS127 as the citys first Urban Regeneration Station, located in neighborhood.  The URS127 building was typical of the architecture of the area: a long, narrow building stretching back all the way to Minle Street parallel to Dihua Street. URS127 was positioned as a Design Service Center, where local store owners could go for support in turning their private stores into more public, inviting, and interesting spaces. As designers organized exhibitions and residents held events at URS127, the communitys involvement and autonomy grew. The traditional building that URS127 used was an open pedestrian public space connecting Minle Street and Dihua Street, gradually becoming a Design Gallery for people to pass through or linger in. In 2013, three years into its operations, the URO positioned URS127 as an art factory, where families can come to explore art, contemporary artists can hold exhibitions, and where traditional businesses and emerging cultural and creative enterprises can meet and develop initiatives together. This has made the areas traditional businesses such as fabrics, traditional Chinese medicine, basic groceries, and pastries more interesting, and helped to bring young cultural and creative workers closer to traditional crafts and merchandise.  URS127 has clearly made significant achievements, notes the URO, and has successfully fulfilled its mission. As there are other old neighborhoods in need of support for revitalization, URS127 will be transformed, and its nine years of experience and regenerative energy will be transferred to the next URS elsewhere. This way, the story of citizens coming together to create change for their neighborhoods will continue, making Taipei an increasingly enjoyable and livable city. 
 Flowers are in full bloom! Everyone is invited to take the bus/MRT to visit Zhuzihu!  The 2019 Calla Lily Festival takes place from March 29 through April 28. To make the trip up the mountain easily accessible for everyone, the Department of Economic Development (DOED) and the Public Transportation Office (PTO) have specially assigned Flower Festival Express Route 131 (Yangmingshan National Park  Zhuzihu) and Leisure Bus Route 128 to extend its route to Zhuzihu during the Festival, as well as increasing the frequency of services of Leisure Bus Route 129. Besides Routes 128 and 129, which operate only on the weekends and the holidays, the other routes are available every day of the week. Visitors are encouraged to take public transportation to enjoy an easy trip up to Zhuzihu and immerse themselves in the romantic sea of white calla lilies!  Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh of DOED stated that white calla lilies currently account for 80-90% of the flowers overall production on the island. The annual Calla Lily Festival has become a major tourism marketing attraction in Taipei City, and now is the perfect time to come up to Zhuzihu to enjoy them. Tourists usually peak on weekends and holidays or during the flower season, so it is highly recommended for visitors to fully utilize mass transportation services via MRT and transfer via bus.  One can take Routes S8 or 128 at MRT Shipai Station, as well as Routes S9 or 129 at MRT Beitou Station to reach Zhuzihu. Other options include boarding Routes 109, 111, Red 5, or 260 (including shuttles and Flower Clock Route), or Route 260 (including shuttles and Flower Clock Route) at Taipei Main Station to reach Yangmingshan Bus Terminal, and then transfer via Routes 128, 129, 131, S8, or S9 to reach Zhuzihu.  To make everyone's trip to Zhuzihu pleasant and enjoyable every day of the week, DOED has organized a transportation cheat sheet for all available routes that will take the visitors up to Zhuzihu at Yangmingshan. Please visit the DOEDs Official Website or DOED's Facebook page  for more information.  Visitors from Taipei are also encouraged to make use of City Government Apps  and GO. Taipei City Government hopes that everyone will have an easy and convenient trip up to Yangmingshan to enjoy the flower season! 
 On April 1, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the press conference for the release of True Love You & Me  May You Be Forever Safe from Harm anti-drug welfare microfilm.  Ko emphasized in his speech the serious problems that drugs are imposing upon our society, and further pointed out that such highly complicated problems usually could not be solved by relying upon a single solution. Therefore, to resolve drug-related issues, one would need to act starting with preliminary awareness campaign, including drug enforcement, and continue towards helping former addicts rebuild their life and bringing them back into the society.  Mayor Ko also stated that the anti-drug campaign is a series of actions that are impossible to be carried out by any department alone. To actualize anti-drug efforts, a special drug enforcement unit has been placed under the Criminal Investigation Division of Taipei City Police Department (CID) Taipei City Government has also set up a drug abuse prevention center, at which the mayor personally hosts the meetings. All tracking issues will be re-confirmed. He also requested the Taiwan Taipei District Prosecutors Office (TPC) to have all anti-drug cases handled by an exclusive team of prosecutors.  The mayor continued to say that it's no use innocently believing that drug problems can be solved as single-faceted issues each and every department needs to put in an effort. Citing a recent drug party incident, not only do the police need to go off to make arrests, staff from the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT), as well as those from the Taipei City Office of Commerce (TCOOC), all need to work together. If we need to shut such illegal operations down, then we should otherwise making arrests is still useless. This is not only about the police making arrests, but if authorities need to cut off water and power to these venues, or need to work with other departments, then it should be done.  He pointed out, as the city government is currently conducting the anti-drug propaganda, the campaign should be publicized on school campuses. On the other hand, Taipei City also has the Northern Star project in place. The mayor mentioned that there needs for a place where kids could ask for help when their parents find their children using drugs. That's the reason behind the creation of the Northern Star Hotline (TEL: 0800-770-885), ensuring that kids who encounter these problems have a place where they can ask for help. He also went into details on how the anti-drug campaign works: if a teacher is talking on stage for 30 minutes, he or she would figure, after about 5 minutes, students sitting in the classroom will all be dozing off. So promotion efforts need to be more animated, and that's why the city government has decided to adopt a more cheerful campaign targeting youths, to allow students to absorb the messages we seek to convey.  At the end of his address, Mayor Ko expressed his appreciation for donations from private companies and for their collaboration with the National Police Agency (NPA) on making the anti-drug video. He hopes that future anti-drug propaganda would be more cheerful, whether it is in the form of internet videos or comic books. A stereotypical video would not be acceptable, since having students dozing off while watching is certainly not the proper way to do it. The goal for future campaigns is to make the overall event more engaging so that kids will not lose interest. We will keep working on it. 
  During the Tomb-sweeping (Qingming) Festival weekend lasting from April 4 through 7, 2019, the Taipei City Police Department (TCPD) expects that all across Taipei, bus stops, train stations, transfer hubs, sightseeing and scenic spots, major department stores, and other sales venues will gradually experience large crowds of shoppers, holiday makers, and people returning home to their family outside Taipei starting from the afternoon of Wednesday, April 3.    Therefore, the Police Department will implement traffic guidance at 98 major intersections such as Zhongshan North Road with Zhongxiao West Road starting from 16:00 on April 3, and from 16:30 onward on other intersections as well. The public is reminded to follow the traffic polices directions.  The Freeway Bureau will implement high-traffic load controls along National Freeway No. 1 (southbound) on Wednesday, April 4, from 07:00-12:00. In Taipei City, these control points will include eight locations: Chongqing North Road Interchange Exit (southbound), Minzu East Road Songjiang Road Exit, Binjiang Street (Dajia Elementary School) Highway Exit (southbound), Jianguo Elevated Road (northbound toward Jianguo Elevated Road, before Minquan East Road Exit) Huanhe North Road Exit (southbound), Chenggong Road Section 2 Interchange Exit (southbound), Xizhi-Wugu Elevated Highway Gangqian Road Exit at Tiding Boulevard (southbound), and Xizhi-Wugu Elevated Highway Jiuzong Road Section 2 Exit (southbound). TCPD will implement traffic control and rerouting measures to maintain smooth traffic flows for the public. Citizens should pay extra attention to road safety for themselves and others at these times and places.   During the long weekend, the following traffic control measures will be implemented to ensure smooth traffic for the city buses to and from cemeteries for tomb-sweeping, as well as traffic order and safety on the roads in the citys suburbs:  I.	Traffic control periodApril 4-7, 2019, 0530-1700 daily.  II.	Traffic control areas (all toward the mountains)  (a)	Fude Cemetery Control Point   Wenshan DistrictMuzha Road Sec. 5in front of Ln. 43 and Sec. 5 Wenshan DistrictMuzha Road Sec. 5in front of No. 18 Wenshan DistrictMuzha Road Sec. 5on the west side (Fude Village Bus Stop) Wenshand Districtthe road junction in front of Xihan Temple Nangang Districtthe road junction of Academia Road, Sec. 4 and Muzha Road Sec. 4, Lane 159 Nangang DistrictAcademia Road, Sec. 3, Lane 175 Nangang DistrictIn front of No. 226 on Academia Road, Sec. 3 (China University of Science and Technology, entrance toward Fude Cemetery) Xinyi District: Chongde Street and Fuyang Street   (b)	Yangmingshan First Cemetery Control PointXingyi Road and Quanyuan Road (Tun Hsu Vocational Senior High School, entrance toward cemetery access road) in Beitou District.  
 Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the A Hundred Golden Melodies to Usher in the Tenth Billionth Metro Rider concert at Daan Park MRT Station in the afternoon of March 30.  Ko remarked that 23 years have passed since the Taipei MRT began operations in 1996, and the daily passenger volume has since grown from 40,000 passengers to 2.1 million. Taipeis MRT has become part of the daily lives of residents, and indeed their pride. He expressed his hopes that the MRT would continue to serve passengers and march toward its next ten billion passengers.  The mayor said that the MRT has many characteristics that make Taipei residents proud. When abroad, people will tell him how bright and clean Taipeis subway is, how everyone lines up for boarding, and how passengers make the blue priority seats available for elders on the train.  Ko Wen-je pointed out that the Taipei Mass Rapid Transport Corporation (TRTC) is thinking about ways to add more culture to the city of Taipei. He cited the example of the Zhongshan Metro Mall, which has become a symbol of Taipei's standard of living with the help of Eslite Corporation. Moreover, TRTC has long supported street dance events and contests. In recent years, the company has added art to many stations to compensate for the lack of attention to aesthetics and art in the original design and construction.  He pointed out that if you consider the fact that each MRT station is expected to last for a hundred years time or longer, aesthetics and art deserve much more attention. Therefore, each year, the agency will select a number of MRT stations for improvement. This seeks to gradually enhance the systems cultural and artistic level in order to make the Taipei MRT look ever more beautiful.  According to the mayor, Taipei MRT President B.C. Yen told him that data indicated the arrival of the 9,997,577,201th passengers on March 29. The ten billionth passenger is expected on the morning of March 31, at which point the Taipei MRT will immediately announce the ten billionth riders card number. Therefore, MRT riders are advised to pay attention tomorrow: anyone may be the lucky ten billionth passenger.  At the end of his remarks, Ko Wen-je expressed his hopes that TRTC would continue to work hard and march toward the next ten billion passengers. 
  After the successful Beitou Slow Travel Festival which premiered last year, the Taipei City Governments Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) has decided to expand the event into the 2019 Taipei Slow Travel Festival to introduce Beitous scenery and hot springs, old streets and history, food and culture to those that love Slow Travel.  TPEDOIT Commissioner Liu Yi-ting said that the festival serves slow travelers with two distinct and attractive packages. The first package, Slow Tour Along Beitous Hot Springs, is partially sponsored by the Fulu Culture Foundation and includes an admission-free visit to the Beitou Museum and free entry tickets to several hot springs around the area. The second package, Slow Tour Along Beitous Old Streets, is a continuation of last years tour and takes visitors along Beitous century-old Cihou Temple, Guangming Street known for its graffiti art, century-old Beitou Park, and Plum Garden, and stops for a taste of Beitou delicacies such as rice noodle soup and prosperity porridge.  A total of 16 tours will be organized under this event, and registration beforehand is necessary. The first block of the four tours became available for registration on March 25 at 09:00 and was sold out within 30 minutes. Those who missed the boat will have another chance on April 8, 09:00, when registration for the second block of four tours opens for signup.  In May, other events will be held as well as part of the 2019 Taipei Slow Travel Festival. For further information, please visit the Taipei Travel website at https://www.travel.taipei/zh-tw/news/details/19549, which offers a wealth of information on leisure and nostalgia in Beitou District.  * Registration for the second block of four Slow Tours Around Beitou The second block consists of four tours on four different days, with 50 participants each.  Slow Tour Along Beitous Old Streets Dates: Saturday 20 April, Saturday 27 April Time: Meet at 09:15-09:30, depart at 09:30 sharp Starting point: MRT Qiyan Station Plaza (Qiyan is station R21 along the Tamsui Red Line)  Slow Tour Along Beitous Hotsprings Dates: Sunday 21 April, Sunday 28 April Time: Meet at 09:15-09:30, depart at 09:30 sharp Starting point: Plum Garden entrance (No. 6, Zhongshan Road, Beitou District, Taipei)  Online registration: April 8, 09:00. Please follow the Taipei Travel website for the latest news. Festival information hotline: (02) 2896-5518 (Monday to Friday 10:00-18:00). 
 The Taipei City Police Department (TCPD) won an award in the governmental innovative applications category of the 2019 Smart City Innovation Application Awards for its innovative WORK SMART Platform. The app was exhibited at the Smart City Summit & Expo held at the TWTC Nangang Exhibition Hall between March 26 and 29. The award was presented by Vice-President Chen Chien-jen.  TCPD Commissioner Chen Jia-chang pointed out that the agency has developed a series of applications that aim to alleviate the workload of grassroots officers and follow the Integrate AI Into Our Work policy of Taipei Mayor Ko Wen-je.  These police applications include electronic systems for work registration, patrol box forms, routine spot checks, and road checks, as well as an app for citizens reports on traffic violations. The TCPD is the first police department in Taiwan to have such systems.  Police officers also carry a set of portable tools known as m-Police and consisting of mobile devices, Bluetooth printers, etc. The goal is that the police should not just Work Hard but also Work Smart.  At this stage, the TCPD has completed the architecture for various basic information systems, and the databases within those have been filled and now feed into the law enforcement and criminal investigation platforms.  For instance, it is now possible to quickly provide analytical data such as case types, vehicle license plate information, citizens traffic violation reports to support routine spot checks and criminal investigations, which helps increase the speed and volume of cases handled.  The TCPD uses big data and artificial intelligence technologies to fight new types of crime with new types of investigation and law enforcement to keep Taipei the safe city it is. 
 On the afternoon of March 26, Mayor Ko Wen-je and Utrecht vice-mayor Klaas Verschuure signed a Memorandum on Collaboration on Sustainable Development Goals at the 2019 Smart City Summit & Expo (SCSE).  In his address, Ko conveyed Taipei City Governments concern and condolences for the tram attack in Utrecht last week, which prevented Utrecht mayor Jan van Zanen from heading his citys delegation to attend the SCSE in Taipei.  Ko recalled that he was much impressed by van Zanens cordial reception and generous support during the visit of Taipeis delegation to Utrecht in January 2018, which contributed greatly to the deepening of the friendship and collaboration between the two cities.  This trip is the first time for Verschuure to attend the SCSE in the capacity of vice-mayor leading a delegation of Dutch AI technology and the smart healthcare businesses. Mayor Ko also expressed his interest in learning more about the Utrecht experience in smart city development.  With regard to commonalities between Utrecht and Taipei, Mayor Ko pointed out that both cities are devoting significant effort and investments into the development and sustainable operation of smart cities, which they regard as both a condition and a result of their cities innovation and competitiveness. He expressed his hopes that during their visit to Taipei, Verschuure and his delegation would have fruitful meetings with government and business to identify areas of complementarity and collaboration in the future.  The mayor encouraged both sides to make the most of their discussions on smart cities, green public transportation, and smart cities. On behalf of both the Taipei City Government and local business community, Mayor Ko thanked the Dutch counterparts for signing the Memorandum on Collaboration on Sustainable Development Goals, and wished Verschuure and his delegation an enjoyable and fruitful stay in Taipei.  Ko then put his signature on the memorandum which had already been signed by Utrecht mayor Jan van Zanen back in the Netherlands. Taipei retained one copy, while Verschuure will deliver the Utrecht copy to his mayor upon his return to the Netherlands.  The Secretariat remarked that the Memorandum on Collaboration on Sustainable Development Goals signed by the two cities will support the localization of sustainability goals.  The memorandum specifically mentions the exchange of information and experiences in sustainable city development and the sharing of related experiences through the GO SMART global alliance of smart cities. Both cities will encourage their citizens, business communities, and research organizations to identify and seize opportunities for collaboration in this area.  Following the event, Mayor Ko led vice-mayor Verschuure and his delegation on a short city tour by YouBike, Taipeis highly popular public bike rental system. At the YouBike docking station at MRT Dongmen station, Taipei citys mascot bear Bravo greeted the Dutch mascot rabbit Miffy and guests with dancing and cuddles, to the delight of the guests and bystanders. 
 Accompanied by Department of Information Technology (DOIT) Commissioner Lu Hsin-ke, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the signing ceremony of the Memorandum of Smart City Exchange and Cooperation between Taipei and Fukuoka in Japan.   In his speech, the mayor pointed out the smart city trend is becoming strategically important to national and local economies around the world and offering opportunities related with the transformation and upgrading of these municipalities. Through this memorandum, both cities are committed to collaborations with proofs of concept experiments for systems and technologies that contribute to livable and sustainable cities.   Taipei and Fukuoka are both actively developing their smart cities, and are pursuing similar strategic objectives. Since the signing and the implementation of the Memorandum of International Exchange and Cooperation on Innovation and Entrepreneurship inked by both cities in 2017, Taipei and its Japanese partner city have worked closely together and created numerous opportunities and projects, including exchanges and collaboration among young entrepreneurs from both cities.   Fukuoka mayor Takashima Sichir, who had brought a delegation to attend the signing ceremony and meet counterparts in Taipei, underscored his citys commitment to stepping up the existing collaboration in smart city development.   Takashima noted that, as one of only five key cities for the development of smart cities in Japan, Fukuoka actively participates in the development and construction of smart cities. Through the Fukuoka Smart East Project and other initiatives, the city on Japans southernmost main island is building the regulatory and policy framework to attract and facilitate innovative start-ups and talent.   The Fukuoka mayor underscored that his city follows with great interest Taipeis endeavors in smart robots and smart devices for automated care, unmanned aerial vehicles, and other areas relevant to smart city development. He expressed his hopes that this MoU will lead to even more opportunities for exchange and collaboration in order to create livable, sustainable cities for the benefits of their residents.   In related developments, the GO SMART (Global Organization of Smart Cities) network initiated by Taipei will hold its inaugural conference on March 27 in Taipei, coinciding with the Smart City Summit & Expo annually held in Taipei.   Ko welcomed the Fukuoka delegation to the Smart City Summit & Expo and thanked the city of Fukuoka for joining the GO SMART alliance, a platform connecting local governments around the world around the theme of smart cities.   He noted that many challenges and solutions for smart city issues are found on the level of cities, and forward-thinking cities like Fukuoka and Taipei have much to contribute to each other and the world in this regard. 
GO SMART (Global Organization of Smart Cities) has officially launch on the GO SMART Day (Wednesday 27 March). The launch event took place during the Taipei Smart City Summit & Expo at Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center.  These days many cities are facing new challenges and, in response to these issues, they have developed Smart City strategies as possible solutions. The goal of GO SMART is to facilitate smart city collaborations and knowledge exchange among cities. By doing so, GO SMART aims to accelerate urban innovation and speed up Smart City development.  Last years edition of the Taipei Smart City Summit & Expo saw GO SMARTs pre-launch. This year, GO SMART is ready to connect Smart Cities from all over the world. Since the organizations pre-launch, many frontrunner cities and companies have already signed up for GO SMART, including the City of Utrecht (Netherlands), Milton Keynes (UK), Darwin (Australia) and the Busan Centre for Creative Economy and Innovation (South Korea).  The GO SMART Day will see, among others, the Local Government Association of Queenslands accession to GO SMART, as well as the presentation of GO SMART Awards for best inter-city Smart City projects, and the Strategy Committee meeting. Attendants include GO SMART member representatives Deputy Mayor Klaas Verschuure from the City of Utrecht, South Bohemias First Vice-Governor Josef Knot (Czech Republic), and Grenoble-Alpes Mtropoles Director of International Actions Vronique Pequignat (France).  All in all, the launch will kick-off unique partnerships between Smart City stakeholders globally.  For more information or to register for the event, visit: www.citiesgosmart.org
For the first time, Taipei Broadcasting Station (TBS) is teaming up with Hongs Foundation, an educational NGO, to launch a new program titled Critical Moments in East Asian History. Author and literary critic Yang Zhao will host the program series which will discuss Western imperialism since the 19th century and its profound and lasting impact on East Asia to this day.  The program Critical Moments in East Asian History will be broadcast from March 24 through September 1, each Sunday 3-4pm on FM 93.1.  TBS has long been committed to promoting culture and education, said director Tina Chen, citing the examples of programs designed to promote reading like Taipei Fun Reading (hosted by Shi Xian-Qin), His Books (Yang Zhao), and Reading Time (Shi Xian-Qin).  Like His Books, the popular program already hosted by Zhao, the new program Critical Moments in East Asian History will also encourage active reading so that history comes alive for readers/listeners. In the course of the program, Zhao will take listeners on a journey through Asian history from the Opium War, a pivotal event that transformed Chinese, Japanese, and Korean attitudes regarding the ills of Western imperialism.  Those three countries have had complex, often antagonistic relations that have shaped and continue to shape power relations in the Asian region. Rather than looking at the histories of a series of individual Asian countries, Zhao and the books he introduces analyze and explain the history of East Asia in an integrated manner.  In today's opening episode, Zhao will discuss key moments of Japan's rise, how the isolationist policy of the Tokugawa shogunate was lifted with the Meiji Restoration, brought about by merchant and peacemaker Sakamoto Ryma, samurai Nakaoka Shintar, and other key figures.  Within the Love Taipei app," interested users can follow the Youtube channel Taipei Broadcasting Station 931 and never miss an episode of Critical Moments in East Asian History. Each episode of the program will also be available on the Taipei Broadcasting Stations mobile-friendly website at https://english.tbs.gov.taipei/ for 60 days.    Internet radio channel: https://goo.gl/u1YW6D Youtube channel ""Taipei Radio 931"": https://reurl.cc/2Y7V9 Live stream (computer version): http://www.radio.gov.taipei/   Taipei Broadcasting Station: FM 93.1", AM 1134 Program title: Critical Moments in East Asian History Host: Yang Zhao Program period: March 24 through September 1, every Sunday 3-4pm  The City Information Channel at FM 93.1 and the Indigenous Information Channel at AM 1134 are both operated by TBS, Taiwans only public local radio station and a unit of the Taipei Department of Information and Tourism.
The popular 2019 Zhuzihu Calla Lily Festival will kick off on March 29, spotlighting the refreshing and heartwarming theme of Count your Lilies, Make a Wish. It will inspire flower enthusiasts to make some sweet wishes for their relatives and friends.  The Department of Economic Development (DOED) and the Beitou Farmers Association have adopted a Calla Lily Landscape Design approach this year to offer visitors to the hills and farms around Zhuzihu photogenic spots for unique shots to share with family and friends, to be sent along with ones best wishes.  Zhuzihu (Bamboo Lake), at the heart of Calla lily land, sits at about 670 meters above sea level in a broad valley surrounded by the Datun, Qixing, and Xiaoguanyin Mountains. Often enveloped in clouds, this small dale is an airy and fresh-smelling wonderland of ponds and fields. This years lily festival counts ten special floral art designs of romantic, fairytale-like props, which are bound to charm visitors and make for great selfie backdrops for their social media posts.  This year's social media check-in and photo op points include three admission-free locations at Dinghu Lake Entrance, Riverbank Park, and Discovery Garden close to Zhizihu, as well as a number of private farms like Lily Valley Farm, Jaifu Garden, Green Hills and Dales, Minyangpu Leisure Farm, Miaoban Garden, Flower Village Gardens, My Waterfall Calla Lily Farm, and others.  As winds travel through the Yangming Mountains, the endless fields of Calla lilies sway like a scented sea carried by the breeze. This years theme of Count your Lilies, Make a Wish invites people to bring their loved ones to Zhuzihu to make some wishes together and bring home sweet memories. DOED reminds everyone that temperatures around the lake tend to be a bit cooler than elsewhere, so dont forget to bring a sweater and an umbrella, just in case.  The 2019 Zhuzihu Calla Lily Festival will run from March 29 through April 28, featuring the Calla Lily Landscape Designs, various signposted routes, guided tours, and (half-) day trips to offer visitors a taste of the rustic romance in the Zhuzihu area. For blooming info and traffic updates, please visit the calla Lily festival website at http://www.callalily.com.tw or follow the festivals social media for the latest news. You may also visit the DOED website at https://www.doed.gov.taipei/ or follow the DOEDs Facebook fan page at https://www.facebook.com/doed.taipei/
Today, on March 26th, a total of 128 city leaders and representatives from around the world participated in the 2019 Smart City Mayors Summit held at the Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center. Taipei City Governments efforts in the implementation of Living Labs for smart city solutions has successfully established a globe image for itself, winning the recognition of other city leaders on the international stage.  At the meeting, Mayor Ko Wen-je shared Taipeis experience in setting up a citywide Living Lab to promote the development of an economy based on urban innovations. The achievement was echoed by the participants at the conference and winning optimistic feedbacks from other city leaders. The participants are committed to establishing an organization for cross-city exchanges, in the interest of interacting on possible future developments and innovations in the area of smart cities.  The Taipei City Government (TCG) and the Taipei Computer Association (TCA) jointly hosted the 2019 Smart City Summit and Expo, which took place at the Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center from March 26thto 29th. In the afternoon of the 26th, Mayor Ko has stressed the achievements of Smart Taipei," One City during his speech at the summit.  Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji delivered a presentation on ""Taipei Smart City""", which impressed the leaders and representatives from 42 countries or regions around the world. Many of the city leaders have come to Taiwan for two consecutive years to participate in this expo. Through a series of seminars and conferences, they actively interact with Taipei and other cities, successfully laying a good foundation for city-to-city diplomacy and pioneering smart city endeavors.  Director Lu Hsin-ke of TCGs Department of Information and Technology remarked that the two round table sessions  highlighting the topics Smart Technology for Sustainable Cities and Innovations and Startups in Cities  aim to facilitate insight exchanges among municipal representatives from different parts of the world. Participants include the mayor of Prague (Czech Republic) the mayor of Fukuoka (Japan) the deputy mayor of Sapporo (Japan) the deputy mayor of Utrecht (Netherlands) the deputy mayor of Los Angeles (US), and more, as well as the representatives of Taiwanese cities such as New Taipei, Taoyuan, and Kaohsiung. These heads of municipalities all offered presentations and shared their valuable experiences on smart city issues.  According to TCG, the Smart City Summit & Expo has become one of the most important smart city communication platforms in the world. The summit invited city leaders at home and abroad to share their experiences, deepen cooperation, and encourage them to visit smart city solutions of information communication vendors.  The mayor of Prague, Zdenk Hib, was not only impressed with Taipeis MRT system, but also reiterated his hope to find more collaborative opportunities tapping upon Taipei City's smart city solutions. The mayor of Fukuoka shared his experience on successfully creating a new economic city focusing on innovation and startup. Moreover, this is the first time for top-ranking officials from first-tier US cities to personally take part in the summit, such as the deputy mayor of Los Angeles. There are also city leaders and representatives from municipalities in the UK, France, Australia, Russia, and Argentina. The participants shared the experience of urban intelligence and innovation of government during the summit.  To create further valuable for this international event, the CTalk side event covers four topics, including Smart Mobility, Smart Management, Smart Solutions and City Revitalization. The talks take place on the 27thand 28th. Both global city leaders and professional Taiwanese companies will deliver presentations to allow furthur understanding and create opportunities for cooperation.
The Taipei City Government has been actively promoting urban renewal projects. Following phase 3 of Siwen Villages renewal construction in September 2018, construction has officially commenced on MRT Technology Building Stations Ruian Section Urban Renewal Project on March 25.  Deputy Mayor Pong Cheng-sheng and Chairman Ma Zhi-gang of Kindom Construction Corp. headed the ceremonies to pray for the smooth proceedings of the construction project.  The Rui'an section urban renewal project at MRT Technology Building Station was originally state-owned property, owned by the military and unused for more than 20 years. Promoting the development of the region, the city government has actively communicated with public and private landlords to organize the renewal project.  After the completion of urban renewal of the southern base, the bases area will be transferred to the northern base through urban planning. Approximately 990m2of the southern bases neighboring park area will be donated to the city for public use.  The city government will also build a multi-purpose parking lot for parking, solar equipment, art exhibitions, and a location for residents' activities. The implementer and investors will also donate funds for the expansion of the area around MRT Technology Building Station Exit 2 to make public transportation more accessible to the residents of the area.  Deputy Mayor Pong Cheng-sheng, who lead the ceremonies, also said a few words at the event: Taipei City is actively promoting urban renewal plans and was the first city to set up a Urban Renewal Project Office on March 25, 2016. The office is supplemented by the technical support of the Taipei Urban Regeneration Center to assess the feasibility of potential cases, integrate urban planning, urban design and building management, strengthen administrative efficiency, and accelerate the promotion of urban renewal projects! After three years of trials, Taipei City currently leads the country by promoting 15 urban renewal projects. The MRT Technology Building Station series of urban renewal projects are open to public investment, and the first construction project has attracted nearly NT$ 3.24 billion from the private sector. The urban design and renewal review, announcement and licensing will be completed within 20 months after signing the contracts. Such a display of Taipei Citys administrative efficiency allows the city government to establish an excellent public-private cooperation model with the citizens of Taipei City!  The Urban Renewal Office further noted that there are currently 6 private-investment cases in Taipei City that have signed contracts. The amount of private investments in 2018 was NT$ 36.9 billion, and Taipei City Government accounted for 62.4% of that amount. The next project will begin construction at the MRT Dazhi Stations Beian Section. The URO will continue to overcome adversities to help Taipei become a more habitable and friendlier city.
On the first day of the 2019 Smart City Summit and Expo (SCSE), guests and dignitaries gathered at the Taipei Pavilion to witness the opening ceremony of the venue. In the morning, Vice President Chen Chien-jen visited the Smart Education to learn more about the maker robot maker education. Arriving at noon, Mayor Ko Wen-je joined Bravo  the mascot of Taipei City Government  in trying out games using interactive technology with Bravo. The game presented the concept of Integrating Technology is into day-to-day life. Bravo also served as the one-day guide at the pavilion, leading the mayor and other honorable guests on a tour of the facility and showing them the achievements realized through Taipeis implementation of its smart city policies.  Following the opening of the Taipei Pavilion, Mayor Ko visited the Smart Education exhibit to personally experience a number of educational courses employing new technological equipment such as 3R Technology Center, AI Robot, Smart Agriculture, and Cool-Cloud. He also tried out the EyeATM and Comprehensive health education on eye protection by smart robot Eye-Q which were displayed at the Smart Medical Care zone. The mayor remarked that he looks forward to a significant improvement in the quality of life of our citizens and optimization of the Citys governance through these smart services.  According to the Department of Information Technology (DOIT), for this years exhibition," Taipei City Government highlights the theme of ""livable and sustainable city"" and has set up 7 exhibition zones to showcase the topics ofSmart Transportation",Smart Public Housing,Smart Medical Care,Smart Education,Smart Startup,Smart Security, andSmart Governmentrespectively. There are on-site interactive games that offered gifts and souvenirs for the exhibitions attendees. People who were interested in smart city technologies are more than welcome to visit the Taipei Pavilion to envision city life through Taipei Citys new IoT applications.  At 2:30 PM on March 27, city hall celebrity Huang Ching Yin will serve as a one-day guide and will conduct a livestreaming session to promote smart service projects at the Taipei Pavilion. Stay tuned to the Department of Information Technologys Facebook fan page (https://www.facebook.com/doit.taipei230/)and dont forget to like and share!  Moreover, Taipei City Government won this years Smart City Innovation Application Award for its projects includingIntelligent Management of Road and Pipeline Construction,Smart Policing Innovation - Building TCPD WORK SMART Platform, andiTrash Smart City Garbage & Recylcing Integration System. It has become the municipal government claiming the most number of awards.  DOIT invites you to visit the Taipei Pavilion and experience the smart city application services that we offer, to envision what these innovations can improve our city and create a brighter future for citizens.
The Sewerage Systems Office (SSO) has been running the Bali Sewage Treatment Plant in New Taipei City (NTC) since1997. In July 2017, the Executive Yuan reached the decision of assigning facility operation and management to New Taipei City Government.  On the eve of the transfer, the city government has just concluded the phase 3 upgrade project of the sewage treatment plant, in the interest of keeping the Plant in normal operations to ensure the continued processing of sewage from Metro Taipei area and build up sustaining and livable water environment at all times.  In addition to improving plant equipment performance to better post-processing water quality and meeting national effluent water standards, the SSO is working on other improvements while transferring facility operation to NTC.  These projects entail: replacing plant lighting equipment to LED lights for better illumination efficiency adding smart meters to control plant power consumption for energy saving and carbon reduction, as well as for smart management as noted by the agency.  Tzeng Sheng-kai, Chief of SSOs Public Works Section, added that with a daily household sewage processing capacity of 1.32 million tons, the BaliSewage Treatment Plant has been protecting the environment along the Tamsui River for more than two decades. It is undergoing 3-phased equipment replacement and upgrade program to improve operation equipment and processing efficiency.  Works done in the latest phase, from October 2017 to January 2019, covers the replacement of mechanical conduits and electric and control equipment, as well as improving the availability of the water regeneration equipment to 93% or above to maintain normal sewage processing. The facility safeguards the water quality along the Tamsui River Basin and continues to serve residents of the Greater Taipei area. 
On March 21, Secretary General Jack Huang of Importers and Exporters Association of Taipei and Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce Chief Economic Development Officer David Hartnett signed a Memorandum of Understanding to boost business ties between the two sister cities.  The signing ceremony was witnessed by Governor Brian Kemp of Georgia, Atlanta Mayor Keisha Lance Bottoms, Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Atlanta Director General Vincent Liu, and Mayor Ko Wen-je.  Both sides aim to promote cooperation between businesses, exchanges between NGOs, and information sharing in an effort to bolster trade between the southeastern United States and Taiwan.  The signing of the MoU coincided with the 40th anniversary of sister city ties between Taipei and Atlanta. Mayor Ko led a delegation of city officials from Taipei to celebrate and cement the ties between the sister cities. At the MoU signing ceremony, Ko expressed his hopes that the Importers and Exporters Association of Taipei (IEAT), the citys largest business organization, would help expand Taipeis international trade.  In his address, Huang responded that, even when IEAT had signed agreements with 23 industrial and commercial organizations across the United States, it had not yet established a cooperative relationship with any industrial and commercial groups in Atlanta, Georgias capital. He noted that global giants like Coca-Cola and CNN have their headquarters in Atlanta.  As the largest and most influential business community in the region, the Metro Atlanta Chamber (MAC) counts blue-chip companies among its members, such as Bank of America, UPS, and AT&T. MAC and IEAT both have large membership bases, which will now be able to develop more business opportunities with one another through the exchange platform to be established under the freshly inked MoU.  Hartnett noted that MAC, established 159 years ago, in its import and export promotion work, not only endeavors to attract manufacturers to set up operations in the region, but also invests in developing a world-class local talent base and business-friendly environment to drive Atlantas innovation and economic development forward.  He underscored that MAC looks forward to fleshing out the platform envisioned by the MoU, through such activities as trade and investment seminars, business matchmaking events, trade missions, sourcing conferences, and business opportunity information sharing, which will create benefits on both sides.  A key market for Taiwanese manufacturers, the United States has been a close partner for the island nation  especially in terms of economic and trade cooperation. As Taiwans largest organization promoting import and export, IEAT has nearly 6,000 members in Taipei and other major cities across Taiwan and is the largest and most influential business group in the country.  The Taipei City Government was honored to witness the signing of the MoU and will be happy to lend its support where necessary to bolster the economic ties between both cities and help create win-win situations for the US and Taiwan.
Spending your weekends at home playing games on your phone? The Taipei City Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) has prepared a bigger challenge for you: the Taipei Grand Trail, which comprises hiking routes around Taipei with total length spanning 92 kilometers. Over the past six months, more than 1,000 people have already collected 12 stamps and mementos to celebrate their healthy and fun achievements.  According to GEO, the Taipei Grand Trail has a total length of 92km and an elevation differential of 1120m. The route starts from MRT Guandu Station in northern Taipei and ends at Chengchi University in southern Taipei. The Taipei Grand Trail has proven popular with the public, and even Uncle Ko (Taipei mayor Ko Wen-je) recently braved the elements on a rainy weekend to join his fellow citizens in the challenge.  In just six months, more than 1,000 people have traversed the Taipei Grand Trail, which can be completed in seven separate trails and whenever it suits the hikers schedule. The routes consist of beautiful rural footpaths and hiking trails with stone steps winding through and over rolling hills.  While so near to the city, these routes nevertheless take people out of the urban landscape and lead them back to a natural state of mind. The smells of the forests and fields and the never-ending concert of birds and insects help wash away ones worries of the urban life below and take a deep refreshing breath, both physically and mentally.  GEO Industrial and Trail Section Chief Chen Yan-cheng pointed out that the Taipei Grand Trail covers quite a long distance, so most people will finish it in several stages. The fact that 1,000 people have completed the Taipei Grand Trail in such a short time shows that residents love hiking in the mountains. The Industrial and Trail Section is continually improving the signage system and the environment along the trails to stimulate the micro-businesses along them and to get people out of their homes and into nature, that vast source of joy and health.  Further information is available on the GEO website at https://english.geo.gov.taipei/ and its Facebook fan page. During office hours, the GEO office has flyers available, as well as hiking towels (while supplies last) and a nice gift for every 100th visitor!  The GEO website also has a download section with photos of the Taipei Grand Trail, which can be freely downloaded and shared. Dont forget to like the photos and news posts on GEOs Facebook fan page!
On March 20, the Taipei Symphony Orchestra (TSO) announced internationally renowned Israeli conductor Eliahu Inbal as its new Chief Conductor, who will lead the orchestra as its artistic leader from next August.  In preparation for the succession of then Chief Conductor Gilbert Varga, who was scheduled to complete his term by December 2018, the city government initiated the search and selection for a successor in May 2018. The selection committee of prominent music experts, officials from the Department of Cultural Affairs, and representatives of TSO met three times before unanimously choosing Eliahu Inbal to head the orchestra from August 2019 through July 2022.  Inbal brings impressive international credentials. Widely regarded as one of the leading Gustav Mahler interpreters of our day, his first undertaking will be to perform the complete works of Mahler with TSO.  Inbal believes that exploring and performing Mahlers works are an excellent way for the orchestra and its new conductor to get to know one another. Mahlers strengths are that his works have delicate parts, akin to Schubert and Schumann, while others harness strong energy reminiscent of Berlioz, Shostakovich, and Wagner. It takes high levels of musicality, technique, and rhythm for musicians to bring Mahlers compositions to life. So, Mahler is great material for a conductor to lead a new orchestra, notes Inbal.  Unable to attend the press conference in Taiwan due to his itinerary performances, Inbal did greet music lovers and reporters in Taiwan by way of a recorded video message, sharing that he always feels deeply impressed by the tremendous dedication and hard work of Taiwanese musicians. With regard to TSO, his ambition is to unleash the orchestras full potential.  Based on his wealth of experience as principal conductor of leading orchestras around the world, Inbal told the audience confidently: I cannot speak of TSOs past or present, but I can tell you about its future! We are all looking forward to exciting cooperation to grow and develop TSO!  The orchestras first performance under Inbals baton, scheduled for October 2019, will be Mahlers Symphony No. 8 in E-flat major, one of the largest-scale choral works in the classical concert repertoire and known as the Symphony of a Thousand. This symphony will serve as the grand opening of an ambitious musical journey with the Taipei Symphony Orchestra under his tenure that will include Mahler, Bruckner, and Shostakovich concerts.  At the age of 26, Inbal won first prize in the Guido Cantelli Conducting Competition, which ignited his international career. He has served as principal conductor to the hr-Synphonieorchester in Frankfurt, Teatro La Fenice in Venice, Orchestra Nazionale della RAI in Turin, Konzerthausorchester Berlin, and concurrently the esk filharmonie in Prague and the Tokyo Metropolitan Symphony Orchestra. He is still the Conductor Laureate of the orchestra in Frankfurt.  Over the course of these appointments, Inbal has garnered critical and popular acclaim for his interpretations of Mahler, Bruckner and Shostakovich, winning numerous awards and accolades, including an officership in the French Order of Arts and Letters, the Golden Medal for Merit from the City of Vienna, the Goethe Badge of Honour from the City of Frankfurt, and the Federal Cross of Merit from the Federal Republic of Germany.
On the afternoon of March 19, Taipei Mayor Ko We-je visited the United States Department of State, where he met behind closed doors with Hanscom Smith, Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Asia Pacific Affairs, John J. Norris Jr., Managing Director of the Washington Office of the American Institute in Taiwan, and Daniel K. Delk, Deputy Director of the State Department's Office of Taiwan Coordination.  In the evening of the same day, Mayor Ko attended a welcoming reception held in his honor at the Twin Oaks Estate, the home of the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office in the United States.  During his speech, Mayor Ko expressed his appreciation and gratitude to Representative Stanley Kao and the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office for their assistance to his trip, mentioning that this was his second visit to Washington D.C. since 2013.  Ko said that the slogan of the Taipei 2017 Universiade was Let Taiwan Walk Out, Let the World Walk in, Let the World See Taiwan. This trip, with visits to and direct communications with US government departments and think tanks, reaffirms that the US is Taiwans most important ally, and both nations share such universal values as democracy and freedom, diversity and openness. The governments and people of the United States and Taiwan all firmly believe in those values, which is why the United States and Taiwan are advancing firmly together.  The mayor expressed his belief that more exchange and communication will benefit the stability of the cooperation between both sides, emphasizing that the shared values further contribute to their stable cooperation. Mayor Ko wound up his speech by once again thanking the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office in the United States for its generous assistance.  After his visit to the State Department, Mayor Ko gave a group interview to the media, where a reporter asked what had been discussed in the meeting at the State Department. Ko smiled at the reporter: Of course Im not going to tell you! Whats spoken inside someones home cannot be repeated outside. At any rate, the US is Taiwans most important friend. This is the most important thing, he said.
With Taiwan quickly becoming a super-aged society, more than 40,000 families in Taipei employ migrant workers to take care of their elderly or physically/mentally-disabled family members. To help ease these families pressure in providing informal care and to know what long-term care services are available, Taipei City has set up the Migrant Caregiver Family Support Hotline at (02) 7703-1977. The service is now running as a pilot project for families in the Zhongshan and Datong districts.  In the past, visits to families employing migrant caregivers would focus on the migrant workers well-being. For family members, the pressure from managing their caregiver and other long-term care may gradually erode the relationship between the local family and their foreign caregiver and also indirectly affect the care given to the family member in need.  A survey conducted by the Ministry of Labor has found that one in five families employing a foreign caregiver is concerned with the quality of the care provided and the caregivers adaptation to local and family life. Their heavy burden often leads to deterioration of the employer-employee relationship.  Both migrant workers and family members deserve support and relief. If family members are better informed of the long-term care options available to Taipei families, that will ease the burden of the foreign caregiver and the local family alike, which would be a win-win-win for the foreign employee, the employing family, and their elderly or physically or mentally disabled family member in need of care and kindness.  A first for Taiwan, the Taipei Migrant Caregiver Family Support Program provides specialized support for families in Zhongshan and Datong districts that employ a foreign caregiver for their family member with care needs.  After identifying a familys source of pressure, these specialists help arrange for additional long-term care on top of the live-in caregiver, such as guidance on managing a migrant caregiver, applying for the Four Care Purses (subsidies for care and services assisted transportation assistive devices and home adaptation informal care relief), and other healthcare and welfare information. They also give emotional support to the migrant caregivers.  Early diagnosis of the home situation of a family with care needs and timely support can help prevent the labor relation from deteriorating or even blowing up. With sufficient, good care and a stable labor relationship in place, family members can go out to work with peace of mind.  This service has been commissioned to the Jianshun Care Center Foundation, which supports families in the Zhongshan district, Datong district and elsewhere that employs migrant caregivers.  Families interested in this service may contact Jianshun at (02) 7703-1977 or follow the Jianshun Foundations Facebook page at Taipei. The Taipei City Foreign and Disabled Labor Offices website at https://fd.gov.taipei/ also offers information (in Chinese).
Taipei attracts business, talent, and investment from around the country, while foreign companies and entrepreneurs find Taiwans capital city a convenient environment to start up new business ventures. To pave the way further for still more entrepreneurs from abroad, the Department of Economic Developments Entrepreneurial Services Office (TESO) and the French Chamber of Commerce and Industry (CCI France Taiwan) jointly hosted a networking event for Taipei-based foreign entrepreneurs on March 19.  In addition to introducing the Taipei Entrepreneurial Services Office and the citys resources for start-up companies and innovation, two foreign entrepreneurs shared their experiences with applying for the Project of Subsidies & Incentives for Taipei Industry to help fellow foreigners understand the resources that Taipei City offers to foreign entrepreneurs.  In 2017, Zouba Study Co., Ltd., a study abroad agency specializing in France, obtained a start-up subsidy from the Department of Economic Development (DOED). Zouba Study founder Erika Lematre moved from France to Taiwan ten years ago. She has decades of experience in teaching French language and culture and a deep understanding of differences in culture and education between both countries. With TESOs support and the subsidy from Taipei City, her company has taken off and is doing brisk business. In 2018, John Foo Chuan Teng established Haoyou Shijie Co., Ltd., also with a start-up subsidy from DOED. Hailing from Singapore, John came to Taiwan to set up his travel information sharing platform after being attracted by Taipeis high-quality talent pool and comprehensive support offered by the city government, which he has found to be generous and effective in getting this overseas business off the ground.  A TESO representative gave an overview of DOEDs services to support innovation in Taipei, including free English-spoken consultation hours at the TESO Startup Clinic Service and the popular Project of Subsidies & Incentives for Taipei Industry, which offers a comprehensive set of grants, subsidies, loans, and tax facilities to start-up entrepreneurs regardless of nationality or industry. Any company, studio, or foreign subsidiary registered in Taipei may apply for the project, which has an all-English interface  from website to forms to guidelines. The audience raised many questions and the events atmosphere was very animated. TESO will continue its work to provide foreign entrepreneurs with a friendly and supportive environment to build business and create prosperity in Taipei.  TESO regularly invites well-known local venture capitalists, successful entrepreneurs, and incubator experts to share their first-hand experience. People interested in entrepreneurial issues are welcome to visit the websites and follow the social media of DOED and StartUp@Taipei to stay up-to-date with their latest news and events.  StartUP@Taipei website: https://www.startup.taipei/ StartUp@Taipei Facebook Fan Page: https://www.facebook.com/StartUPTaipei/
On March 17, the second day of his US tour, Mayor Ko Wen-je had a breakfast meeting with Andrew J. Nathan, China expert and professor at Columbia University. Next he laid a wreath at the 9/11 Museum and Memorial, visited South Street Seaport, had lunch with New York City officials, visited the Museum of Modern Art, and had a casual seminar with Taiwanese students. His busy program concluded with a banquet with the Taiwanese business community in New York State.  After his visit to the South Street Seaport, Mayor Ko gave an interview to a group of reporters, one of whom asked about the discussion between the mayor and professor Nathan. The mayor replied that 50 minutes doesnt allow for much depth after all the courtesies. The key point for the mayor was to make acquaintance with this eminent scholar with influence in the US when it comes to Chinese or Taiwanese issues, to lay the groundwork for future communications. Its important to make friends around the world, so we can invite them to Taiwan in the future or ask for their advice. So, its just a way to get to know more of the world out there. Reporter: Did you get any insights or inspiration? Mayor Ko: Of course after the courtesies, we exchanged our views on different matters.  Reporter: Professor Nathan previously stated his view that the mayors phrase one family on both sides of the Strait is not very mature. Has Nathan given him any advice on adjusting his cross-strait concept? Mayor Ko: Professor Nathan did not respond to the One family across the Strait issue, but he did say that there is still a gap between Taiwan and the Mainland. Everybody has a different view, so if in the future China will democratize, would that give more opportunities for more exchanges between the Mainland and Taiwan? To which the professor had said Of course. To be honest, there still exist some barriers between Taiwan and the Mainland, and differences in communication and different views. Reporter: So, we have not become one family across the Strait yet? Mayor Ko: This whole thing is about attitude. One family across the Strait is an attitude," like ""How are you? I show my friend needs to you. OK"," that's all.""  Reporter: Professor Nathan has mentioned that the US government is curious about Mayor Ko. Could it be that your trip to the US enables Washington to vet you and give you the nod", so to speak, to run for president? Mayor Ko: Theyre curious for sure, and historically there have been very few surgeon-turn-politician. To my knowledge, the US has never had physician as president. When I mentioned this to professor Nathan, he said that the Malaysian president, Mahathir, is a physician by profession. Japan also has never had a doctor as prime minister. So, of course there is curiosity when a doctor enters the political arena.  Reporter: Scholars here in the US generally think that the United States and China will enter into a new cold war. In such a scenario, how should Taiwan act, as it would be sitting in the middle? How should Taiwan handle this global trend in your view? Mayor Ko: I wouldnt dare talk about the situation 50 years from now, but for the next 15 years or so, the world will see an America and China that are in an antagonistic relationship. Thats our backdrop when considering these things. Taiwan is a small player, so its an interesting question. When I asked Professor Nathan about this, he just smiled. So, basically, a global context where the US and China are in an antagonistic relationship is probably a given and unlikely to change. So, how other countries deal with that, thats a good question for everyone to consider. Sometimes when you ask a scholar, theyll only smile back at you.
With the theme of Open to the World, the 2019 World Grand Prix of ballroom dancing will take place on March 30 at the Taipei Arena and on March 31 in the basement theater of Taipei City Council.  A total of 400 dance athletes from more than 30 countries will participate in the highest-ranking ballroom dance competition held in Taiwan, co-organized by the Taipei Department of Sports (DOS) and the Taiwan Dance Sport Development Association (TDDA).  A long-standing supporter of ballroom dancing, DOS has co-organized several internationally certified ballroom dance competitions together with TDDA. The 11th edition of the annual World Grand Prix is to take place in the Taipei Arena, where 24 of the worlds strongest professional dancers are on the roster -- including modern dance world champions Mirko & Edita, the worlds no. 2 Latin dance couple Stefano & Daria, the worlds no. 2 show dance couple Gerhard Van Rooyen & Amor Kruger, and many others who will participate in the star-studded night-time extravaganza. The venue being Taipei Arena allows Taiwanese dance aficionados to see the worlds best dancers up close without having to fly to other countries.  The organizers offer 1,000 free-admission tickets from March 20, 11:00-19:00. Four uniform invoice still valid for the Tax Bureaus lottery can be exchanged for one free-admission ticket at the TDDA offices (7F-4, No. 76, Nanjing West Road, Datong District, Taipei City) while supplies last. The receipts annex government lottery tickets will be donated to the Southern Taipei Family Helper Project of the Taiwan Fund for Children and Families, a cause worthy of everyones support.  A run of limited-edition World Grand Prix-themed Charity EasyCards will be issued to enable disadvantaged children with talent and a passion for dancing to join competitions abroad as representatives of Taiwan. A Blackpool Dance Festival winner and ballroom dancing world champion leads Project Hope for Tomorrows Dance Kings, which receives more and more acclaim and donations every year. This years edition of Project Hope features special charity EasyCards with unique designs that the public can purchase at a special fee which will be donated to the project. 
Mayor Ko Wen-jes paid a visit to the 2019 Asian Wedding Shopping Festival, which is co-organized by the Taipei City Governments Department of Civil Affairs (DCA), Department of Economic Development (DOED) and the Taipei Wedding Photography Association. The upcoming event is connected with the romantic Zhuzihu Lake Calla Lily Festival. The wedding fair offers affordable packages for new couples to celebrate their happiness.  The wedding industry is a romantic industry and harbors considerable economic potential for Taipeis economy, according to the mayor. Each year, 20,000 new couples visit Taiwan from abroad for photo shoots, wedding banquets, and honeymoon trips. If you add up those expenditures, plus the wedding dresses, grooms suits, and consumption by the couples relatives and friends, NT$ 200,000 per wedding is a low estimate. Times 20,000 couples makes NT$ 4 billion (USD 130 million). If the wedding industry and associated businesses, such as hospitality and retail, can expand their offerings and enhance their outreach to newlyweds and their guests, their combined expenditure could easily be doubled, bringing in a lot of foreign exchange.  The mayor remarked that if you want to attract more foreign couples to come to Taiwan to marry, you must have a lot of romance. Couples planning to get married are encouraged to visit the EXPO Dome to take part in the 2019 Asian Wedding Shopping Festival  a perfect place for their one-stop-shop for everything from rental gowns and suits to banquets and photo shoots.  Taipei has three wedding-related events, the mayor noted: The joint weddings of the DCA the Zhuzihu Lake Calla Lily Festival in Yangmingshan organized by the DOED and the Asian Wedding Shopping Festival organized by the Taipei Wedding Photography Association. By connecting these three events, the Taipei City Government is increasing their impact, and ensuring that every new couple can afford to have a beautiful and memorable wedding day.  Last year, linking this wedding fair with the joint weddings held by DCA and the Calla Lily Festival led by DOED worked out well, according to the DOED. The events noticeably attracted more new couples and visitors, which is why this years edition of Asian Wedding has moved to the bigger EXPO Dome at the Taipei Expo Park. Supporting the fairs theme of Our Dream Wedding, this new location  with its lovely park and eco-design building  is likely to further grow visitor numbers and advance the wedding industry in Taipei. 
Did you know that calla lilies come in wetland varieties and dryland varieties? The dryland varieties come in various colors, while the calla lilies raised in the nurseries on the moist soil around Zhuzihu (Bamboo Lake) in Yangmingshan National Park are of a delicate creamy white.  In the language of flowers, Calla lilies stand for purity, bliss, and endless loveand the flower-decked rolling hills around the lake certainly feel like a romantic wonderland! The Department of Economic Development (DOED), the Beitou Farmers Association and the Taipei Farmers Association have laid out trips and routes for people to enjoy the floral beauty and the mountains in Taipeis backyard. There are cultural and ecological guided tours, affordable half-day packages on ecological farms, and one-day mini trips around the Calla Lily Festival. So come enjoy the rustic romance around Zhuzihu.  On weekdays between March 29 and April 28, the public may sign up for a two-hour free ecological tours with experienced guides. The tours start at 10:30 and 14:00 at the Zhuzihu parking lot. The guides will share the local history of farming around the lake and take their guests to farming management offices from the Japanese colonial era, the Kao Family Shrine, Shuicheliao Trail, groves of Japanese Cedar, and all the way to Dinghu.  Those interested in seeing the famous sights around Zhuzihu, enjoying a wholesome meal prepared from local ingredients, and cutting a bunch of calla lilies to take home, should register for the Half-Day Eco Farm Tour of the Beitou Farmers Association. The NT$ 500 tour fee includes insurance, tour guide, flower cutting, DIY materials, and tea with snacks or a meal. There are ten slots per tour only, allocated on a first come first serve basis.  The Tuesday tour visits serene Dinghu, while the Thursday tour goes to the busy Calla Lily Boulevard with its bustling farms and nurseries on either side. Tour participants will hear about the history and ecology of Zhuzihu and its environs, cut flowers, do a plant-based DIY workshop, and bring home a fragrant harvest and some beautiful memories. To sign up, call the Beitou Farmers Association at (02) 2892-4185 ext. 340, 450 or Fax at (02) 2893-0227.  The Beitou Farmers Association also offers a one-day excursion spotlighting the Calla Lily Festival, which includes a tour bus ride up Yangmingshan for a walk around Zhuzihu and the local farms. The tour fee of NT$ 1500 per person includes the bus shuttle, meal, entry tickets, tour leader, ecological guide, and insurances (NT$ 500,000 liability NT$ 200,000 medical). This tour is held on the Fridays of March 22, April 12, April 26, and on other group dates by appointment, and for groups of at least 18 persons.  The meeting point for the tour is in front of Taiwan Business Bank opposite Daan MRT Station. The morning program takes participants to the Shuicheliao Trail at Zhuzihu and the Calla Lily Trail at Dinghu. The afternoon program takes place at one of the ecological farms, where one can enjoy being close to nature, making some cute or lucky handicraft items, and preparing yummy bamboo buns stuffed with local, boiled bamboo. Youll return home with your lungs filled with mountain air, your stomach full of good country food, and your heart brimming with happy memories. To sign up for the One-Day Calla Lily Festival Tour, call the Taipei Farmers Association at (02) 2707-0612 ext. 266.  The romantic 2019 Zhuzihu Calla Lily Festival runs from March 29 through April 28. For further details, please visit the DOED website at https://www.doed.gov.taipei/ or follow the DOEDs Facebook fan page at https://www.facebook.com/doed.taipei/
At the March 14 media event that opened the 2019 Taipei Azalea Season, Mayor Ko Wen-je noted that this flower festival  which follows right after the Lantern Festival  is now embarking on its third edition.  He expressed the hope that in years to come the event taking place at the shopping and dining districts around Wenzhou Street, Roosevelt Road, Dingzhou Road, and the university quarter around National Taiwan University would become more closely connected with the independent bookstores, live music venues, coffee shops, and student-organized events to create a unique springtime festival in southern Taipei.  The mayor recalled that the late National Taiwan university professor Hsieh Fong-jou, a well-known gynecologist, told him four years ago that for a city to progress it should have a symbol to unify and drive forward its cultural life. In Taipeis case, the azalea could serve this purpose, as it is the official city flower and a characteristic of National Taiwan University (NTU) and its environs. Around the world, universities not only engage in academic pursuits but also invest in the cultural life and landscape on and around their campuses.  In this regard, professor Hsieh reminded the mayor that NTU is the best preserved cultural relic from the Japanese colonial period, while the universitys central avenue with its king palms and rhododendrons, and the Drunken Moon Lake surrounded by azaleas and rhododendrons on its campus, are unique cultural assets. At a meeting at the home of NTU professor Yang Pan-chi, superintendent of National Taiwan University Hospital, it was decided that they would draw up a long-term plan.  Rome wasnt built in a day, and a successful event takes time to grow into a staple event and a cultural icon, the mayor remarked. This is why the city government plants 100,000 azaleas and rhododendrons around the city each year, with a concentration around the college quarter around NTU stretching from Daan Forest Park to Treasure Hill Artist Village.  While 100,000 azaleas and rhododendrons may sound like a lot, but in fact it is not that much on the scale of a city like Taipei, noted the mayor. Still, he expressed his hopes that the perennial cultivars among them would gradually transform southern Taipei into a bloom suburb each February and March as a backdrop for the academic and cultural events that gear up again after the Chinese New Year holiday. Over time, the Taipei Azalea Season and a host of cultural events could become a cultural icon for the city.  Ko added that professor Hsieh had passed away quite suddenly last year, but his proposal to grow a cultural city icon around the azalea is gradually bearing fruit. Perhaps twenty or thirty years from now, few people will remember this professor, but if after the Chinese New Year holiday they look forward to the azalea season and the cornucopia of cultural events happening in southern Taipei, then his dream will have been accomplished.  An industry and a culture needs to be rooted in a place, Mayor Ko emphasized, adding that he was especially pleased to see so many borough chiefs present at the media event, because neighborhoods need to join forces with the businesses in their midst if they wish to create cultural events with deeper roots, higher profiles, and wider reach. It is great to see that this years edition of the Taipei Azalea Season is collaborating with I JY SHENG Bakery and Hwayuan Foods to create azalea-themed cakes and that boutiques in the Gongguan shopping area are also joining in.  Mayor Ko noted that the district around Wenzhou Street, Roosevelt Road, and Dingzhou Road, with its abundance of independent bookstores, live music venues, and coffee shops, has been able to develop into a cultural and creative hotspot thanks to the tens of thousands of students from NTU, National Taiwan Normal University, and National Taiwan University of Science and Technology. Each year, these cultural, creative, and culinary businesses and student clubs start planning for events and specialty products on occasion of the Taipei Azalea Season, and each year this festival in southern Taipei grows in diversity and scale.  Ko wound up by reiterating the hosts earlier announcement that from March 16 to early April, the Taipei Water Park and Daan Forest Park will host a series of cultural and artistic events. The mayor shared his sentiment that these beautiful outdoor venues have the potential to grow their events into festivals that could attract not just Greater Taipei residents but also foreign travelers that are in town for the Taipei Azalea Season. 
The 9,960,000,000th Taipei Metro passenger has shown up at MRT Xihu station! All participants in the forecasting game that voted for the Wenhu Line, of which Xihu is a station, are now eligible for the lucky draw of the big prize.  Theres still time to join the last round of the In Search of Passenger No. 10,000,000,000 event by voting for the station where you think the 10 billionth passenger will emerge, and liking and sharing the event on social media. Stay tuned because that passenger might even be you! As you take the MRT, like or follow the Taipei Metro Fan Page on Facebook, or pin the page on top of your feed to stay up to date as the news unfolds.  The In Search of Passenger No. 10,000,000,000 event also includes the Five Hottest MRT Lines with the Highest Number of Votes event, which includes a lucky draw with grand prizes of EasyCards containing a three-month (90-day) Metro Taipei Free Pass for each lucky winner drawn from among those that have correctly predicted the MRT line where the 9,960,000,000th, 9,970,000,000th, 9,980,000,000th, and 9,990,000,000th passengers will show up.  In the Share Event Pictures to Attract More Votes event, people may invite friends and family to join the activity, which features a lucky draw with prizes like EasyCards containing three-month, one-month, and 72-hour Metro Taipei Free Passes commemorative EasyCard gift boxes signed by the mayor of Taipei a Zenfone 5 a voucher for a one-night stay for two at the Spring City Resort, and many other gifts. For further details, check the Taipei Metro Fan Page on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/metro.taipei/ or visit the event website at http://taipeimetro10billion.com.tw/prizes.  For music lovers, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) will hold two celebratory concerts titled A Hundred Golden Melodies to Usher in the Tenth Billionth Guest on March 30 and 31 from 13:30 until 18:00 at MRT Daan Park Station. Evergreens from the nineties, hits from the noughties, and contemporary rock songs will be performed by well-known artists, rising singers, and indie groups.  The program of 100 unique covers will take the audience down memory lane from 1996, when the MRT opened its first line, until today, with the metro indispensable to the fabric of the city. At the concert venue, there will also be a creative lifestyle bazaar. With song and dance and food and drink, it promises to be a merry metro time!  For further information, please contact TRTCs 24-hr customer service hotline: (02) 218-12345, the Citizen Hotline: 1999 (02-2720-8889 when calling from outside Taipei), or visit the TRTC Chinese website https://www.metro.taipei/. 
The Taipei City Government is expanding its successful cross-sector e-commerce platform for industry and academia this year by inviting universities and colleges from all over Taiwan to join in. The City established its e-commerce platform in 2017, the first of this kind and scale in Taiwan.  A media event to kick off the Taipei City Public-Private E-Commerce Platform Project on March 13 was attended by Zhang Yuebo, Taiwan country manager for Alibaba Global Exchange, and Lin Hui-jun, Taiwan country manager for Amazon Global Selling. At the media event, the Department of Economic Development (DOED) introduced the e-commerce platform, which has already attracted 7 universities, 39 teams of professionals, and 211 college students. The universities currently active on the platform are: National Taipei University, National Taipei University of Business, Ming Chuan University, Shih Chien University, Hsing Wu University of Science and Technology, Takming University of Science and Technology University, Chihlee University of Technology. As another key activity of the platform, DOED organized a talent market in July 2018 where businesses were matched with e-commerce graduates and young professionals to bolster employment as well as Taiwans cross-border e-commerce capabilities.  The e-commerce platform that we founded last year was the first in Taiwan to team up with the worlds top-three e-commerce giants Amazon, Alibaba, and eBay to develop a local e-commerce talent base, explained DOED Commissioner Lin Chong-jie, adding that this years collaboration between industry and academia will further expand through training programs, traineeships, contests, and more, bridging the gap between colleges and companies, and quickly developing the e-commerce talent base that the city and the country needs.  Young people are apt at using and developing digital tools, Lin noted, expressing confidence that the industry-academia collaboration occurring through the platform would boost students employability and help solve companies e-commerce staff shortages, which has become a considerable bottleneck in expanding international trade for Taiwans medium-sized enterprises.  Taiwan has a serious lack of e-commerce talent, due to vocational schools and colleges focus on traditional commerce. But business is going virtual, with online pricing platforms, virtual trade shows, web-based auctions, and others. We need much more talent to compete on those platforms, said Cai Jian-lang, marketing director with Yishuo Integrated Marketing. With six years of e-commerce experience under his belt, Cai participated in the Taipei City Public-Private E-Commerce Platform Project last year and found it very useful. Corroborating Cais point, market research firm eMarketer forecasts that the global B2B and B2C e-commerce market will approach USD 1 trillion by 2020, and is unlikely to stop there. In a volatile global economy, e-commerce can spread and stabilize ones exposure to market risks, and open up new Blue Oceans for them.  Last year, Taipei City Mayor Ko Wen-je formulated his policy vision that In the next five years, e-commerce and logistics will upend Taipeis business world and labor market.  In response to that vision, the city government rolled out three major activities last year: providing comprehensive business support services, fostering collaboration between industry and academia, and selecting inspiring benchmark businesses. Of these three activities, collaboration between colleges and companies has been leading, because expanding and upgrading a talent base for e-ecommerce is the most urgent task at hand to keep Taiwanese companies global commerce capabilities abreast with the times.  For further information on the Taipei City Public-Private E-Commerce Platform Project, please visit the project website at http://www.ieatpe.org.tw/t2w/ or phone the project manager Mr. Li at (02) 2581-3521 ext. 611. More information can also be found on the DOED website at https://www.doed.gov.taipei/ and the StartUP@Taipei website at https://www.startup.taipei/, which has easy add buttons for their Facebook, LINE, and Twitter accounts. 
Taipei Co-Space is the first start-up space set up by the Department of Economic Development (DOED) to provide a co-working space for micro-entrepreneurs and start-ups. StartUP@Taipei has entered into collaboration with Amazon Web Services, which will open a Cloud Incubator this year to support the tenants of Taipei Co-Space with a comprehensive service portfolio.  Together, StartUP@Taipei by DOED and Cloud Incubator by Amazon Web Services (AWS) will offer a portfolio of state-of-the-art support services to outstanding start-up teams in the innovation lab, including cloud credits, technical support, online and offline training, one-on-one consulting, and a global network of partners to collaborate with. AWS aims to invest its resources to help more Taipei-based start-ups grow faster.  The facility has been in operation since July 2016 under the management of the Taiwan Private Equity Association (TPEA). This specialized management team has admitted about 80 start-up teams per year to its incubator program. To date, 61 of those have reached various stages of investment or production, with a combined value of NT$ 49 million (USD 1.5 million), while another NT$ 64 million in government subsidies has been awarded to the most promising start-ups among them. This platform for cross-disciplinary collaboration among innovative ventures has proven to be an effective engine driving economic development, earning Taipei a reputation as a start-up-friendly place.  Running the incubator space, we have found that cloud services are increasingly important to our tenant companies in order to take their business to the next level. AWS has more than a decade of experience in assisting start-ups around the world with building their business by providing highly flexible cloud services and facilities. Through securing collaboration with a big player like AWS, StartUP@Taipei is lifting Taipeis start-up ecosystem to a truly international level and we expect that this will set in motion a virtuous cycle for Taipei-based start-ups to break into the global marketplace.  For further information, please visit the Taipei Co-Space website https://www.cospace-taipei.com/ for information on entrepreneurial guidance, please visit StartUP@Taipei website at https://www.startup.taipei/, or follow StartUP@Taipei on Facebook, LINE, or Twitter. The people of StartUP@Taipei also welcome interested individuals to visit their service office on the first floor of Taipei City Halls North Wing. They can be reached via the Citizen Hotline: Tel 1999 (or (02) 2720-8889 when calling from outside Taipei), then select or ask for extension 1431 or 6498. 
In his speech at the media event ahead of the 19th Taipei International Bakery Show, Mayor Ko Wen-je congratulated the Taipei Bakery Association, the organizer, on its success in building a 100-booth trade show into Asias leading bakery event, today featuring 1800 booths of movers and shakers and bakers from around the world. Over the past two decades Taiwan has become a formidable force in the global baking industry, the mayor noted.  The Taipei International Bakery Show will be held from March 15 through 18 at the Taipei World Trade Centers Nangang Exhibition Hall. The mayor quipped that visitors shouldnt eat before they visit the trade show, because they will likely be bombarded with samples and tasters as they browse the exhibition.  At the exhibition, vendors will introduce their baking equipment and technologies, ingredients and consumables, supplier cooperatives and franchise formulas, as well as fine wines and gourmet coffees that pair well with pastries. The mayor reminded his audience that, in the old days, people felt lucky if theyd eaten their fill. As the Taiwanese economic miracle unfolded, living standards rose and a bakery culture developed.  Ko cited Wu Pao-chun, the award-winning King Baker, as an example. The international prizes Wu and other Taiwanese bakers have been winning over the years demonstrate that Taiwans bakery technology and techniques have reached international levels. Referring to the trade shows Han Pastry Innovation Contest, Ko shared that he had searched online to find out what Han cakes are. It turned out that the term refers to the Han Dynasty (circa 200 BC to 200 AD) when these paste-filled pastries came into existence. Nowadays they often come in pressed form with lucky characters embossed on top, as in double-luck wedding cakes and cakelettes, and their bean or fruit-based fillings can be sweet and sometimes savory. He felt pleased that such a familiar type of cake presented under such an unfamiliar name took center stage at the opening event.  Fifteen teams, including eight from Taipei, were selected for the final round of the Han Pastry Innovation Contest. Ko reminded the audience that it takes three generations to grow a gentleman, hence it made sense that prosperous Taipei occupies so many of the finalist slots. He hoped that the champion and runner-up would both hail from Taipei, although that would be a bit of a selfish wish, he chuckled. The mayor concluded by wishing the organizers and exhibitors a fruitful trade show and encouraged professionals and the general public to visit the event at TWTC Nangang Exhibition Hall starting March 15.  Next, Taipei Bakery Association chairman Kao Chui-tsung took the stage to answer questions from the media. He explained that this years bakery show brings together vendors of culinary supplies, home-making, and fashion around the theme of home-based baking. He also expressed his hopes that the innovative products presented at the Han Pastry Innovation Contest, such as pastries for weddings and funerals, would rejuvenate and innovate the baking profession and inspire more young bakers and consumers. Besides traditional pineapple cakes, there is a wealth of delicious pressed Han cakes to explore and enjoy! 
To let travelers in Taipei experience Taiwans traditional greeting culture (Have you eaten?  You need a hand?), the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) is holding a Greet and Meet a Friend event starting March 12 and lasting for one month. The event involves 26 temporary in-store Information Stations collaborating with the private sector, where tourists can go in and ask questions, have a chat, or buy something.  Anyone entering an information station will receive a cute lucky charm (while supplies last), while some business owners offering additional gifts, such as 50% price reductions. For instance, the On My Way youth hostel chain offers NT$ 50 tickets for Taipeis double-decker sightseeing busses (one ticket per hostel guest), the Evergreen Maritime Museum offers entry tickets at half price, and other stores also have special offers to make travelers in springtime Taipei feel the friendly hospitality of the Taiwanese people.  The lucky charms come in four models: Peace & Health, Joy & Wealth, Success in School, and Heavenly Blessings. Travelers can pick whichever appeals to them most. TPEDOIT City Tourism Division Chief Chu Pin-tse explains: the handmade wooden charms with colorful prints on the front and reverse have a nice touch and look, and are complemented by a traditional Chinese knot pendant. For local and foreign travelers alike, they make nice mementos and even collectors items (tourists may collect different ones at several information stations, available while supplies last).  The information stations from the Greet and Meet a Friend event coincide with the Taipei Azalea Season, Chu said, so that travelers can get directions to the citys azalea hotspots and tips on other fun things to do. For instance, in the shopping district around Wenzhou Street, Roosevelt Road, and Dingzhou Road, where thousands of azaleas and rhododendrons have been planted, there are also many bookstores and coffee shops to enjoyoften rolled into one, such as the Yabook or Nomading Travel Bookstore, which also happens to be a Information Station participating in the event. In the Yongkang shopping district, with its many boutiques and ethnic and organic stores, the Atealia Tea House is another thoughtful and fragrant information station.  Why not stay overnight to soak up some more of Taipeis springtime flavors? The City of Azaleas around Roosevelt Road and National Taiwan University is in full bloom until at least the end of March, while the Greet and Meet a Friend event with its information stations and special gifts runs from March 12 through April 14.  For further information about the Greet and Meet a Friend event, visit the TPEDOITs event page at https://www.travel.taipei/zh-tw/information/askme, or call Ms. Chen from the TPEDOIT-appointed organizer Voler Marketing at (02) 2758-8218 from Monday to Friday 10:00-17:00, or contact her Line account @myvoler.
On the morning of March 11, Mayor Ko Wen-je met with a visiting delegation of led by his counterpart from New Taipei City  Mayor Hou Yu-ih. The city governments of Taipei and New Taipei have long-standing and cordial ties of collaboration, and thus the meetings agenda focused on expanding their areas of future exchange and collaboration.  After the meeting, both mayors appeared for a joint press conference. Reporters initially focused on the Road along the North Bank of the Tamsui River and the Environmental Impact Assessment of this traffic infrastructure project.  Mayor Ko said that any traffic infrastructure construction should be considered in its entirety and specialized issues should be resolved by specialists. Future Environmental Impact Assessment meetings regarding Phase II of the Road along the North Bank of the Tamsui River will be handled in accordance with the rules. Any undertaking by the government aims to create the greatest good for as many people as possible, and the fact that the Road along the North Bank of the Tamsui River Project was passed indicates that from the specialist perspectives of traffic planning and environmental protection, the highway project overall represents an improvement in terms of traffic.  Mayor Hou added that, due to an injury, he had been unable to personally attend the mayoral-level meeting of the Greater Taipei Cooperation and Exchange Platform in February, and he felt sorry that the Taipei Mayor had to chair the meeting alone. The first purpose of todays visit is to publicly express his gratitude to Mayor Ko for shouldering that task.  He went on to stress that his second purpose of todays meeting was to discuss the Road along the North Bank of the Tamsui River Project. In every meeting, Mayor Ko would use a scientific attitude to confront and resolve issues, and he would always show concern for New Taipeis traffic problems.  New Taipei City residents commuting to Taipei have been eagerly awaiting the Road along the North Bank of the Tamsui River. Whether the highway would generate traffic issues for Taipei should be left to the assessment of specialists, Mayor Hou said, adding that Mayor Kos attitude is very clear, namely that the construction should proceed from where it is after the EIA meeting, and that they should do what needs to be done. So, Mayor Kos view is to support, through an objective process, this projects progress.  A reporter asked Ko Wen-je about his main considerations regarding Taipei investing in a project that mainly or only benefits New Taipei City. The reporter quoted analysts suggesting that Mayor Kos financial support for what is essentially a New Taipei City infrastructure project aims to win support from that citys residents in future presidential elections. Has Mayor Hou noticed such an atmosphere?  Mayor Ko emphatically clarified that his focus is on completing the entire project. As for the budgets allocated by both sides, Mayor Ko stated that we shouldnt be too narrow-minded when collaborating with other cities or counties. The infrastructure cost is borne in part by Taipei, and for another part by New Taipei. Both sides have early on agreed on the principles behind the proportion of their contributions to the joint project, and both mayors mean to keep their word. Taipei is not paying New Taipeis part at all. And this has nothing to do with seeking support from New Taipei City residents. People are simply reading too much into it, the Mayor said.  Some construction projects are evidently a good thing, he added, and he personally doesnt fancy, as has happened, when both sides calculate and argue over the construction cost of every mile, causing unnecessary delays.  Mayor Hou added that during the discussions," he felt Mayor Kos pragmatic approach of simply making policies happen. Just do what needs to be done. Let specialists take care of it. Mayor Hou underscored that the so-called living circles"" of both cities are closely integrated", so this project too must be regarded in a holistic way rather than from the perspective of one city only.  The mayor of New Taipei asserted that the cooperative spirit and concerted efforts of both cities benefit all people living and working in Greater Taipei. In fact, both cities life circles overlap so much: many New Taipei City residents work in Taipei City and vice versa. Mayor Hou concluded by thanking, on behalf of the people of New Taipei City, Mayor Ko for his expert-reliant approach to the Tamsui Highway Project and removing the obstacles to its progress and completion.
