The Department of Health (DOH) reminds consumers to stay cautious when seeking cosmetic treatment, especially over the Chinese New Year holiday when a boom of such activity sees a rise in demand. Citing statistics, DOH noted that a total of 116 disputes related to aesthetic medicine were reported in 2015. The agency reminds underage students and their parents/guardians that the following surgical procedures are banned for those under the age of 18 (with the exception of those performed as treatments for medical conditions): liposuction, facelifts, breast augmentation, Oculoplastic surgery, Rhinoplasty, facial bone contouring, and hair transplantation. DOH urged the public to exercise caution when selecting aesthetic medical clinics and adhere to the following principles to protect their own rights:1. Look for the business license at the medical facility.2. Ensure the doctor has a medical license.3. Inquire about the medical equipments use instructions.4. Avoid taking part in promotional group-purchasing deals.5. Ask if the medical procedure is to be carried out by a certified doctor.6. Ask if the medical equipment for laser or supersonic therapies, for example, is to be operated by qualified medical personnel. 7. Ask if advance deposit or down payment is accepted by the institution (Such practices violate the Medical Care Act).8. Ask if receipts will be issued by the institution for medical fees charged in compliance with Medical Care Act.For inquiries relating to cosmetic medicine, please visit the Chinese website (http://health.gov.taipei/Default.aspx?tabid=725). Should any dispute arise, please call 1999 Citizen Hotline, ext. 7080 for help.
"Anticipating a large number of visitors at the upcoming 2016 Taipei International Lantern Festival, the Department of Transportation (DOT) noted that past events indicate peak hours last from 6 PM to 8 PM, resulting in heavy traffic along nearby roads. The agency reminds the public to avoid traffic congestions near the venue by taking public transportation to the lantern showcase.To alleviate likely traffic jam in the neighborhood of the Expo Park, DOT announced the following traffic control measures during the exhibition period: 1.	Car lane adjustment on Minzu West Road (between Minzu West Road Lane 31 and Zhongshan North Road) between 5 PM and 11 PM daily. 2.	Temporary parking space for unloading cargo located on the south side of Minzu East Road (across from Haipawang Restaurant) will be suspended between 5 PM and midnight daily.3.	Exit-only measures will be in place between 7 PM and 10 PM on weekdays and between 5 PM and midnight on weekends and holidays for the former Taipei Childrens Recreation Centers parking lot.Parking regulation for the vicinity will be as follows:1.	Motorcycle parking will be banned on sidewalks and arcade areas on the north side of Minzu East Road (between Shuangcheng Street and Zhongshan North Road) between 5 PM and midnight daily.2.	With the exception of large motor vehicles, all cars and motorcycles will be banned from entering Jiuquan Street and Jiuquan Street Lane 10 between 7 PM and 10 PM on weekdays and between 5 PM and midnight on weekends and holidays.3.	Vehicles will be barred from entering the lane on the east side of Haipawang Restaurant along Minzu East Road between 5 PM and midnight on weekends and holidays.4.	No Bicycle access to Taipei Expo Park (Yuanshan Park and Fine Arts park areas) between January 18 and March 7.The bus stop Datong University (westbound) for buses 208, 246, R33, R34, 542, and R50 on the north side of Minzu East Road will be suspended between 7 PM and 10 PM weekdays and between 5 PM and midnight on weekends and holidays.Bicycle rental service for the YouBike Taipei Fine Arts Museum rental station will be suspended during the Taipei International Lantern Festival between 7 PM and 10 PM weekdays and between 5 PM and midnight on weekends and holidays.The 2016 Taipei Lantern Festival will take place between February 20 and 29 at the Taipei Expo Park. For more information, please visit the Chinese website of the Taipei International Lantern Festival (http://www.2016taipeilanternfestival.com) or DOT (http://www.dot.taipei.gov.tw). You can also call the 1999 Citizen Hotline (for calls from outside Taipei City, please dial: 02-2720-8889)."
Taipei City Secured Small Loans Service (SSLS) announced that the upgraded version of the Taipei Shwoo Net (http://shwoo.gov.taipei)(Chinese) will start operating on February 15. The online auction platform, dedicated to the sales of used equipment from government agencies, was established in March of 2008 with the aim of promoting the value of recycling and contributing to sustainability. To date, Shwoo has seen an accumulated 10 million accesses, 52,000 members, and 107,000 transactions.  According to SSLS, the new auction website has incorporated features such as member account editing, enhanced registration interface, convenience store payment, online refund application, real-time display of auction items, and online bidding service.  The articles on Shwoo come in a wide variety, spanning computer and other hardware, office utilities, video equipment, to the most sought-after used vehicles. Individuals interested in purchasing secondhand items from public institutions should register for membership on Shwoo before they can start bidding. Would-be buyers are welcome to inspect their interested items by making an appointment at the respective institutions. Successful bidders will be notified via email related bidding information will also be published on the Shwoo website. 
The Public Transportation Office (PTO) announced adjustments to several public bus routes following the removal of the ramp of Zhongxiao Bridge. The changes will take effect starting February 15.Initial changes to bus services in the vicinity were implemented starting at 8 AM on February 13 after the dismantling of the ramp. After a two-day observation period, additional changes targeted three buses due to ongoing constructions at the intersection of Zhongxiao West Road and Tacheng Street.According to plans, the buses 14, 39, and 299 will assume former service routes going from Zhongxiao West Road and taking a left turn on Guanqian Road. In addition, the stop MRT Beimen Station for the aforementioned routes will be suspended until further evaluations following the completion of road construction in the vicinity slated for November.PTO reminds residents to allow extra time for commute when passing through the vicinity of Zhongxiao Bridge, as ongoing constructions will likely slow down surrounding traffic. The agency also encourages the public to take advantage of MRT transfers to avoid road constructions. For the latest information on the effect of construction works in the vicinity of Zhongxiao Bridge and MRT Beimen Station to traffic and public buses, please visit the Chinese website of New Construction Office (http://nco.gov.taipei/) or call the 1999 Citizen Hotline (dial 02-27208889 for calls from outside Taipei City). Details are also available at the Chinese website of ebus (http://ebus.gov.taipei). 
To usher in the Chinese New Year, the service hours for the Greater Taipeis riverbank bicycle rental stations and the citys Urban Regeneration Stations (URS) will be adjusted during the nine-day-long vacation. According to Hydraulic Engineering Office, the bike rental stations in Taipei will be open for business at these hours during the holiday: 8 AM to 5 PM on February 7 (Chinese New Years Eve) 8 AM to 6 PM on February 8 and to operate on holiday schedule between February 9 and 14. For detailed information, please call (02)2258-7425 or (02)2720-8889, ext. 8183.All of the bike share stations in New Taipei will suspend services on February 7. Among them, ten stations (Tamsui, Bitan, Bali, Yangquang, Younghe, Huajiang, Xinyue, Fuzhou, Erchong, and Chenglu) will open on February 8 and 9 (from 8 AM to 7 PM). All stations will operate on weekend/holiday schedule between February 10 and 14. Rental fees will be based on weekend/holiday rates during CNY. For more information, please call (02)8978-5099 or (02)8969-9596, ext. 205. In addition, the citys Urban Regeneration Stations will operate on a flexible schedule from February 7 through 14. The facilities will resume regular services starting Monday, February 15. Those planning to visit URS facilities during CNY are advised to check the opening hours published on the Facebook fan pages of the respective venues in advance.The eight URS facilities are: URS 27 The Grand Green, URS 27W Film Range, URS 44 Story House, URS 127 Art Factor, URS 155 Cooking Together, URS 329 Rice & Shine, URS 23 Tianmu White House, and URS 27M Mountain Forum.URS website: http://www.urstaipei.net/en/
To resurrect old memories of Beimen (North Gate), the New Construction Office (NCO) will be organizing a showcase of photos and records of the historical site at the plaza in front of MRT Beimen Station Exit 1 between February 6 and 22.The hours of the exhibition will be 7 AM to 11 PM daily during this period. Visitors will receive a small illustrated card as a gift. Only a limited supply of the souvenir will be available. There is also a memorial rubber stamp to commemorate the dismantling of the Zhongxiao Bridge ramp at the site. The Info Box exhibition features light box displays, showing visitors the different facades under daylight and nighttime lighting. Visitors can walk up along the gallery slope and arrive at the observation platform, finding themselves at an advantageous position to observe the dismantling progress of the Zhongxiao Bridge ramp during the Chinese New Year holiday.The NCO reminds visitors to pay close attention to their personal safety. Do not climb over the railings, and watch after young members of the family. Follow the orders of on-site staff to ensure safety.According to the agency, five video cameras have been set up to record the entire tear-down progress of the ramp. To access the 24-hour monitoring system, please visit the Chinese website of NCO: http://nco.gov.taipei 
Can you imagine a scene where the naughty Monkey King meets Matsu Goddess? The Beitou District Office is joining hands with Guandu Temple in presenting the Beitou lantern exhibition with the theme of the Chinese zodiac of monkey as well as local characteristics between February 7 and March 13 at Guandu Riverbank Park and Guandu Temple. Inspired by the Chinese literary classic Journey to the West, the two-meter high Monkey King lantern which vividly captures the spirit of the character is sure to wow visitors. Other highlights of the exhibition include lanterns designed with topics of country life, duck farm, the Avengers, Dragon Ball, Dragon King, as well as water flow effects lights.    The organizers invite the public to visit Guandu to relish the dazzling display of lanterns and lighting decorations set against the backdrop of Tamsui River.In addition to the lantern exhibition, an online voting activity also calls for public participation. Between February 16 and noon 12 on February 29, individuals are invited to cast their vote for one of the twelve lantern areas of the exhibition they consider the most creative at https://ivoting.taipei/ (Chinese)
In response to World Health Organizations declaration of Zika virus as a public health emergency of international concern, Mayor Ko Wen-je instructed Department of Health (DOH) to establish an emergency response center to address this issue on February 2, with Ko serving as the convener.   The first meeting of the emergency committee held on February 3 concluded that the city government will take the following measures: enforcing monitoring and reporting system at medical institutions tracking arriving visitors health conditions during the Chinese New Year Holiday implementing vector control raising public awareness on the disease preparing disaster control products, among other cross-departmental actions. The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) reported the first imported case of Zika infection on January 19, 2016. In light of this, DOH has advised the citys 41 medical institutions along with Taipei Doctor Association to increase alert levels and conduct health checks for pregnant women. A Q&A section regarding Zika-related information has also been made available on the DOH website since February 2. According to DOH Commissioner Huang Shier-chieng, Zika virus is transmitted through bites of the mosquitoes that also spread Dengue virus. Those infected with Zika could exhibit symptoms of fever, muscle pain, joint pain, conjunctivitis, and rash lasting for two to seven days. Pregnant women should consider postponing travel to the areas where Zika transmission is ongoing as the disease is related with neonatal malformations and microcephaly.If you develop the symptoms described above after visiting where Zika virus is found, seek medical attention immediately and inform the doctor of your travel history.To learn more about Zika virus, please call 1999 Citizen Hotline or the DOH disease control hotline at 02-2375-3782.
Mayor Ko Wen-je visited the citys wholesale fish market, as well as the fruits and vegetables market in the early morning of February 2. He took the opportunity to deliver his Chinese New Year well wishes to the vendors. He also offered hs prayers at the Saint of War Shrine and Earth God Temple near the markets, hoping that the coming year will be one with prosperity and happiness. Seeing the influx of shoppers at the fish market, the mayor wished the vendors booming business in the coming year. He also expressed his gratitude to the merchants whose hard work over the past year ensured abundant supply of fresh fishery products for city residents.  At the fruits and vegetables market, the mayor noted that overhauling the citys traditional markets is a priority of his administration. He encourages stall owners to take part in blueprint drafting, to play a role in deciding how the market will be renovated and operated in the future. He promised immediate action from the city government to rebuild the market as long as a sound plan has been put in place involving the effort of all parties.   As a symbol of auspiciousness, Taipei Fishery Marketing Corporation Chairperson Huang Chun-chieng presented Ko with a big fish. The mayor also received radishes and pineapplessymbolizing good fortune--from the presidents of the citys vegetables and fruits guilds. 
Dont know what to do during the long Chinese New Year holiday? Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) suggests several hiking routes with entrances located near MRT stations, as well as scenic areas to enjoy short outings.Wenhu Line (Zhongyongshan/Liyushan Hiking Trails): This is one of the hiking trails in Taipei which boasts a waterfall. The noise of falling water accompanies hikers along the way. You can also choose to take bus S2 from Exit 1 of MRT Neihu Station to Baishi Lake to see the famous bridge.Directions: Take Exit 1 of MRT Dahu Park Station and follow the signs to Dahu Villa.Wenhu Line (Dahu Park): The Dahu Park is located next to the MRT station. The large lake surrounded by mountains is a well-known scenic spot in Neihu District. Directions: Located next to Exit 2 of MRT Dahu Park StationTamsui-Xinyi Line (Guandu Hiking Trail and Zhongyishan Circle Trail): Located on the northern side of the Guandu plains, the trail provides excellent view of Tamsui River along the way. The circle trails provides a challenge for those seeking to test their physical fitness.Directions: Turn right after leaving Exit 2 of MRT Guandu Station. Follow the signs and walk for 10 to 15 minutes, arriving at the entrance of Guandu Hiking Trail (Lane 30, Sec. 4, Zhongyang N. Rd.). Follow the trail until it connects to Zhongyishan Circle Trail.Tamsui-Xinyi Line (Junjianyan Hiking Trail): Located within the Datun mountain range, Junjianyan hiking trail is an easy climb for the entire family. Climb to the top in the afternoon on a sunny day to enjoy a breath-taking view of Taipei! Directions: Disembark at MRT Shipai Station. Head for Yangming University via Exit 1. Trail entrance is located behind the school campus.Tamsui-Xinyi Line (Xiangshan Hiking Trail): The well-known trail boasting great locations for watching the Taipei 101 New Years Eve firework show is a favorite of photographers, providing a great view of Taipei basin from high up.Directions: From Exit 2 of MRT Xiangshan Station, head towards Zhongqiang Park. The entrance to the trail is about a 10-to-15-minute walk.Songshan-Xindian Line (Xianjiyan Hiking Trail): After climbing a gentle slope, the trail becomes well-shaded by surrounding trees. This is a great place to enjoy a green shower. Directions: Head toward Jingxing Road after leaving from Exit 1 at MRT Jingmei Station.Zhonghe-Xinlu Line (Hongludi Hiking Trail): With an elevation of 302 meters, the site is known for the temple dedicated to the God of Earth, with a giant statue of the deity looking down from the mountain.Directions: From Exit 4 of MRT Nanshijiao Station, take Bus F512 to Hongludi Hiking Trail.Bannan Line (Hushan Hiking Trail): Hushan (Tiger Mountain) and Xiangshan are both part of Sishoushan (Four Beasts Mountain) mountain range. With an elevation around 140 meters, the half-day hike is relatively easy for the entire family. It is also a great hiking trail for observing wetland ecology, with various signboards located along the way.Directions: Disembark at MRT Houshanpi Station. Leave from Exit 2 and walk along Zhongpo S. Road in the direction of Fude Street. The walk to the trail entrance takes about 20 to 25 minutes.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the ground-breaking ceremony for the construction involving the dismantling of Zhongxiao Bridge Ramp and adjustment of road shape in the adjacent area on February 1. During his address, he noted that the removal of the bridge signals the first step of the West District Gateway Project. What had been scheduled for completion in three months was reevaluated based on Taipeis traffic conditions and the consequences of closing Zhongxiao West Road for prolonged period of time. Therefore, the city government decided to kick-off construction during the Chinese New Year, taking advantage of the period when traffic flow is relatively low.The mayor took the opportunity to thank Hwang Chang General Contractor Co. for undertaking the tough task. He also expressed his gratitude to all city government staff involved in the demolition works, who have to sacrifice their holiday for the mission.   At the ceremony, Ko revealed that he has appointed Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong as the project convener, responsible for supervising follow-up works after the structure has been dismantled. He hopes that the resurrection of Beimen, or North Gate, will be completed in the shortest time possible to bring life to the first-grade historical monument. In response to media questions about his confidence in demolishing the bridge ramp on schedule, the mayor stressed that it is not a matter of confidence but a plan that must be executed and completed within the designated time frame.  
To herald Chinese New Year and welcome visitors at the beginning of spring, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC)will be giving away free red envelopes at the Maokong Gondola during the first three days of Chinese New Year (between February 8 and 10)!Starting at 8:30 AM on the aforementioned dates, staff members dressed in the costume of God of Wealth will greet visitors at the Maokong Gondolas Taipei Zoo Station. Kids taking the gondola will also receive a limited version Hou-sei-li red envelop and pencil set. Only 400 sets will be given away each day between February 8 and 10, so hurry!For the upcoming CNY holiday, TRTC recommends visiting the great outdoors in Maokong, whether to offer ones prayers at Zhinan Temple or enjoy a cup of tea surrounded in the mountains. The Maokong Gondola Super Value Round-Trip Ticket, priced at NT$260 (ticket could be returned for a NT$20 refund after use) is good for round trip travel to any stations  with the bonus option of exiting at one additional station. Furthermore, guests who purchase the roundtrip value ticket at the Maokong Gondola Taipei Zoo Station will receive a souvenir postcard.Maokong Gondola services will be suspended on February 7. The hours between February 8 and 13 will be from 8:30 AM to 10 PM. The gondola will run from 8:30 AM to 9 PM on February 14, the last day of CNY holiday.TRTC also reminds the public on the fare increase starting February 1. The price for travel spanning one station is NT$70 NT$100 for two stations, and NT$120 for three stations. Fare discount is available for Taipei citizens, seniors, handicapped individuals, children, and residents of local boroughs. Advance gondola reservation is available at: https://web.trtc.com.tw/c/gondola/booking/ 
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced a series of hot deals for those visiting Taipei Childrens Amusement Park (TCAP), National Taiwan Science Education Center, and Taipei Astronomical Museum in Shilin during the Chinese New Year holiday!Between February 8 and 12, individuals who take a picture at TCAP and upload it to Facebook with TCAP tagged will receive a lucky red envelope at the Visitor Information Center. Only 300 sets are available each day, so come while stock lasts! Throughout the CNY holiday, guests who present a red envelope acquired from any of the three facilities will be eligible for free admission at TCAP. Visitors with envelopes from two facilities will be able to enjoy TCAP free admission plus a bonus souvenir. Those who obtained red envelopes from all of the facilities will get an additional treat, a free ticket valid for one trip on any of the rides at TCAP. Details such as how to obtain lucky envelopes and the available gifts at National Taiwan Science Education Center (NTSEC) and Taipei Astronomical Museum (TAM) can be found at respective Chinese websites. Inquiries can also be made via phone: NTSEC at (02)6610-1234, ext.100 TAM at (02)2831-4551, ext. 514.To create a festive atmosphere, the amusement park will be adorned with Chinese New Year themed decorations. Whats more, the God of Wealth will greet visitors at 9 AM and 10:30 AM at the gate of TCAP between February 8 and 12, wishing everyone a happy new year and handing out presents.Adjustments to TCAP opening hours during CNY holiday will be as follows: service closed on February 7 (first day of CNY) 9 AM to 8 PM (February 8 to 13) and 9 AM to 5 PM on February 14, the last day of the holiday. For more information, please call the 24-hour TRTC customer hotline: (02)218-12345 or visit the TRTC website (http://english.metro.taipei/). 
Mayor Ko Wen-je held a meeting with the residents and borough chiefs of Shezidao in the afternoon of January 31. He discussed topics ranging from urban planning to relocation policies to i-voting.During the session, the mayor noted that no matter what mistakes were made in the past, we should seek to resolve the problem based on a foundation that already exists. He promises that the city government will demonstrate its sincerity in finding a solution to the issue, and will listen to what residents have to say.If any residents of the neighborhood have any questions, they are invited to visit the project office every Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday afternoon. There will be staff members at the site providing them with one-on-one consultation to answer questions.Noting that he just returned from Japan the previous night, Ko stressed that his presence at the event shows how important the Shezidao project means to him. The fact that the issue remains unresolved after all these years across various administrations testifies to the complexity of the problem. However, the mayor says that he is determined to find a solution during his term, because if he cannot deal with this issue, there would hardly be any solution in the 50 years to come.He reiterated that all terms will have to comply with laws and the principle of equality, so there will be no room for establishing a regulation that is applicable for the Shezidao issue alone. Furthermore, due to soil liquefaction issues, construction of four-to-five story buildings can be considered, but building high-risers is completely out of the question. From the perspective of the city government, the objective of the development project is to provide a better life for residents tomorrow it is not to make residents become millionaires overnight. There is no policy that can satisfy everyone, so the government will focus on the approach that benefits the majority of residents. 
The Parking Management and Development Office (PMDO) announced that the City will contemplate the adding of roadside parking spaces along roads and streets currently without these markings, as well as imposing parking fees for roads where such measures have not been implemented.The move is buoyed by the well-received policy to charge drivers for parking on all roads in Taipei, which took effect on December 1, 2015. The measure boosted parking turnover rate by 2.5 times nearly 72 percent of survey respondents expressed their support for the policy charging fees for roadside parking in Taipei. According to PMDO, a comprehensive investigation will be conducted across Taipeis 103 primary and secondary roads, identifying roads which have not been marked with red and yellow lines or parking spaces. Traffic conditions at these areas will be evaluated before parking lines are drawn. As to parking line design alongside lanes and alleys, PMDO pointed out that the issue will be incorporated into the Neighborhood Traffic Improvement Project. A total of 30 boroughs were involved in the traffic enhancement effort in 2015. The agency reported that 31 more boroughs have signed up for the project in 2016. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je and city officials visited the JR Osaka Station and the Osaka Municipal Transportation Bureau on January 29. The delegates also attended briefings by the personnel from the respective facilities.During the visit at JR Osaka Station, Transportation Commissioner Chung Hui-yu asked about whether there are any specifications  disaster prevention plaza, parks, etc.  requiring compliance for development projects involving structures as massive as the Osaka station. Director Kawada of Osaka Planning Bureau noted that while there are no such specifications, space reserved for evacuation is necessary  a role played by the plaza outside the station. As for how the division of labor is shared between the government, railway companies, and developers, Kawada explained that the city government is responsible for the overall blueprint. After determining the overall objective, the remaining details are filled in. Such large-scale projects cannot be handled by the city alone, so assistance from the private sector and the academia is also necessary. Economic experts will incorporate future visions into the masterplan, while the private sector takes care of construction details. The government is responsible for monitoring compliance and dealing with restrictions.At the Osaka Municipal Transportation Bureau, the delegation listened to reports on quake and flooding response measures, as well as approaches during the aftermath of disasters. For example, after the Tohoku Earthquake and subsequent tsunami, Osaka reevaluated its flood prevention planning and strengthened flood prevention mechanisms and facilities. It also took measures to secure electricity supply in case of earthquakes or other disasters. As a precautionary measure, it also assigned emergency goods (rations, warmth-retention gears, and emergency restroom kits) stockpiles at locations across the city in case power shortage makes trains dysfunctional and leaving people stranded. After his trip to the facilities, the mayor pointed out that he has some new ideas regarding the Gate of Taipei project near Taipei Railway Station and will propose them in the near future after he returns to Taiwan. 
On January 28, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited Yokohama Red Brick Warehouse, BankART1929, and Koganecho Area Management Center in Yokohama City to explore the Japanese citys experience in revitalizing idle spaces with art.  According to the Department of Cultural Affairs, Yokohama Red Brick Warehouse had laid derelict until the late 1980s, when the city mounted a campaign to bring the port to its past glory. What used to be a dilapidated warehouse was overhauled, becoming a facility retaining its European-style architecture while serving as a venue for cultural and commercial activity.BankArt1929 has engaged in artist-in-residence programs in collaboration with Taipei Artist Village since 2005. After years of historical building invigoration and experimental undertakings, the facility has become a creative hub in Yokohama where young generation artists interact. Koganecho Area Management Center, on the other hand, has emerged from a red light district during the post-World War II era into an artistic community today, thanks to the governments creative city initiative implemented since 2004. The center distinguishes itself from other art centers with the move to transform unused space and bridge piers into art studios. It is a successful example of how historic blocks can find new life in a modern setting.  Following the trip to the art facilities, Ko observed that the lessons obtained from Japan, South Korea, and other cities will be used as references for Taipei as it seeks to recreate its cultural scene. The city government will study whether Yokohamos approach to invigorating idle spaces is applicable for Taipei.
"With the Chinese New Year holiday around the corner, the Public Transportation Office announced several policy adjustments pertaining to public bus services during this six-day period (February 7  12):1.	All bus routes with standard service during weekdays and no services on holidays: Services will be cancelled on CNYs Eve (February 7) and first day of CNY (February 8). Services on other days in this period will be reduced by half (waiting time between services will double).2.	MRT Transit buses will be reduced by half (waiting time between services will double) on CNYs Eve (February 7) and first day of CNY (February 8).3.	The majority of remaining bus routes will follow the weekend/holiday schedule during this period. Standard bus service schedule will resume on February 13.For details on bus services during the CNY holiday period, please call the 1999 Citizen Hotline or visit the 5284 Bus Information Website (http://www.5284.com.tw/Dybus.aspx?Lang=En). Regarding taxi fare during the CNY holiday, extra fare will be charged from midnight on Friday, February 5 through 11:59 PM on Sunday, February 14. For cabs which have not installed the new taximeters, the fare would be the price shown on the meter, converted via the conversion chart, and add NT$20 during non-late night hours (6 AM through 11 PM). A surcharge of NT$40 will be charged in addition to the price shown on the taximeter and converted via the conversion chart for late night hours (11 PM through 6 AM). For cabs which have installed the new taximeters, the fare would be just the price shown on the meter.The boarding time will be used for the purpose of determining which price to charge for rides extending across both time zones. "
On January 27, Mayor Ko Wen-je paid a visit to University of Tokyos Institute of Gerontology (IOG). He sought to learn about how the institute manages the senior care project in Kashiwa City through the visit. Kashiwa Project, with core focus on community care for the elderly, seeks to establish household care and medical service system. Through household visits conducted by interdisciplinary healthcare teams, the need for seniors to visit the hospital will be significantly reduced, hence cutting down the cost of care and medical insurance.    According to Ko, Taiwan will be confronted with similar population ageing problem within ten years. Japans approach to addressing rapid ageing will serve as a valuable source of reference for the island.Ko pointed out that Japans senior community design differs slightly from Taipeis public housing, which reserves a proportion of apartment units for disadvantaged occupants. He added that senior care should be divided into ones for those capable of taking care of themselves and others targeting individuals with mobility difficulties.  In response to media questions about whether he has fulfilled his promise to promote senior community care, the mayor reckoned that a host of plans will be implemented in the near future. These include the integration of Google Map with information on the citys social welfare resources and the facility improvement of 50 activity venues for the elderly. 
With the approach of the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei, a delegation from the International University Sports Federation (FISU) arrived in Taipei on January 27 for an inspection trip. The delegation is headed by FISU Summer Universiade Director Marc Vandenplas. City agencies provided briefing to the delegation on progress on the respective fields.Regarding preparation progress, the delegates inspected details spanning major milestones, adjustments, volunteer requirements and deployment, boarding and accommodation of media and referees, to banquet attire. During the onsite inspection at the construction site of the Universiade village, the FISU delegation provided information on facility planning issues from the 2013 Universiade in Kazan, Russia. Hopefully, the issues regarding bed space and restroom allocation will help improve the plans drafted by Taipeis preparation committee. Other details discussed include ID and clearance of athletes, planning of a cardiac examination center, and parking space placement.The three-day-long inspection visit will also cover topics such as marketing, dining, transportation, venues, and athletes village. This trip will be followed by another inspection visit by the FISU Universiade Supervision Committee slated for the end of May.
"Mayor Ko Wen-je embarked on a trip to learn more about Tokyos preparedness against disasters and experienced the earthquake simulator during a visit to Tokyo Rinkai Disaster Prevention Park on January 26. Lauding the soundness of Japans disaster prevention and management system, Ko believes that Taiwan has much to learn from its northeast neighbor. The use of plastic bags as a makeshift strap for arm fixation, for example, is part 	of the survival training to each Japanese should one is injured in a large-scale earthquake.Emphasizing the role of education in boosting preparedness, the mayor noted that he has instructed the Department of Education to incorporate a comprehensive course on personal safety awareness--in the event of earthquakes, fire, disease outbreak, and violence--throughout elementary, junior, and senior high schools starting the 2016 school year. The part regarding disaster prevention will be compiled involving education, fire, and health departments. Inspired by Tokyos disaster prevention booklet, the mayor reckoned that it would be more cost-effective to make such guidelines available via download for mobile devices, instead of the city governments current approach involving distribution of disaster prevention guide to individual households. Regarding media concerns about the record-breaking cold spell in Taiwan, Ko noted that extreme weather poses a new challenge to the city government for devising new standard operation procedure to address scenarios when temperatures drop to 4-degree Celsius or even below freezing.As to the ability of Taipeis public housing structures to withstand tremors, the mayor pointed out that units meet stringent standards when it comes to earthquake resistance. He added that one of the reasons to push ahead with urban renewal lies in the fact that buildings built 35 years ago or older structures could collapse when a magnitude 6.5 quake hits the capital.   "
To share the joy of Chinese New Year celebrations with residents, the Secretariat invited calligrapher Lin Chia-cheng to demonstrate his writing in the form of spring couplets.The Fu character located at the top of the couplet symbolizes abundant good fortune and happiness, while the design showing a monkey holding a peach at the bottom of the couplet represents well-wishes and longevity.The Secretariat has printed a total of 200,000 copies of the spring couplet to celebrate the Year of the Monkey. The spring couplet giveaway is scheduled to take place at 10 AM on Thursday, January 28, at all 12 district offices and various borough chief offices across the city.In addition, the Secretariat also offers a digital copy of the couplet which can be downloaded from the agencys website and printed out by users on their own printer. For more information, please visit the Chinese website of the Secretariat at: http://sec.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=663106&ctNode=20568&mp=101001 
Mayor Ko Wen-je met with Governor of Tokyo Yoichi Masuzoe at Tokyo City Hall on January 25. Ko expressed his gratitude in response to the warm welcome extended by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government during his first official visit to Japan, a country close to Taiwan in terms of geography and social background. He hopes to boost bilateral ties starting with engagement between governments of the two capitals.The mayor stressed that the three primary objectives for this trip include drawing on experience in hosting sports events, disaster prevention and preparedness, and addressing population ageing. Finding possible solutions to help creative industry development, heritage preservation, and marketplace reinvigoration are also on top of the agenda.  He also noted that the visit will pave way for the two sides to establish contacts for future cooperation. For example, city councilors who are members of the delegation have decided to create the Taiwan-Japan Council Friendship Alliance, while a similar mechanism will be put in place for civil servants.   Following a meeting with Masuzoe, Ko shared with the media his observations of his counterpart and what the two of them have in common. He reckoned that the governor of Tokyo, who used to be a professor of the University of Tokyo, did not come from a background related with traditional politics. He also expressed high interest in the books given by Masuzoe about Tokyo Vision in 2020 and Tokyo Disaster Prevention.Prior to the meeting, Ko attended two briefings arranged by Tokyo Metropolitan Government. One dealt with Tokyos plans to create a hydrogen town by exploiting the potential of hydrogen energy the other presentation went over the citys disaster prevention and emergency measures.  
Remember the peach pink cycling jersey Mayor Ko Wen-je wore during his one-day journey on two wheels from Taipei to Kaohsiung earlier in the month?   In response to public demand, the Department of Transportation will be releasing the 2016 Velo-city Conference commemorative cycling jersey! Preorders will be accepted at the 2016 Velo-city Conference official website starting February 1.  According to the agency, each individual can preorder up to 5 commemorative cycling jerseys. The price of each jersey is NT$1,080. A total of 700 jerseys will be available.  Those who preorder the jersey can pick up the merchandise starting on February 28 at GIANT bicycle stores across the island. The option of paid parcel delivery is also available.  2016 Velo-city Conference website: http://www.velo-city2016.com/index.php/en/    
On January 24, Mayor Ko Wen-je led a city delegation on a visit to Makers Basea workshop facility dedicated to craftsmanship in Tokyo. This is part of the mayors one-week trip to Japan to draw on experience concerning city administration.  The mayor reckoned that the operation mode of Makers Base can serve as reference for Taipei when it seeks to provide more space for designers and artists. Coordination is needed between the departments of cultural affairs, economic development, and education. These agencies are working on similar plans involving Songshan Cultural and Creative Park, Nangang Bottle Cap Factory, Y17, and several schools.     According to Ko, equipment utilization and workshop training fees are the two main sources of income for Makers Base. If Taipei is to adopt the approach, the city government should only play the role of funding the establishment of such facilities it would prefer leaving long-term maintenance to the private sector. Replying to media questions about the feasibility of imitating the success of Makers Base which turned losses into profits within two years, Ko stressed that the workshop format is more suited for limited production or for the development of prototype products the enterprise is not suited for mass production.   On the same day, the delegation also made a stop at 3331 Arts Chiyodaa high school campus turned arts center. The facility now functions as a gallery and exhibition venue, embodying the concept of community-based art creation. Ko observed that Taipei has much to learn from how Japan maximizes the use of abandoned school buildings. 
The 2016 Chinese New Year Street Bazaar is here! Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the kick-off event at Dihua Street in the afternoon of January 23.During his address, the mayor did not forget to help local vendors promote business. He joked that while he encourages people to visit the street bazaar to conduct their shopping for the New Year, the most important thing is to spend money to boost the local economy.He also wished the audience a happy Chinese New Year, as well as health and prosperity in the coming year.Following the opening ceremony, the mayor handed out prosperity coins to shoppers visiting the Chinese New Year Street Bazaar. He also visited the Xiahai City God Temple to offer his prayers.Afterwards, Ko visited the Ningxia commercial district to hand out prosperity coins to shoppers and wished them happy holidays.
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) has announced a series of fare adjustment measures for the Maokong Gondola. The move aims to rationalize the fare system of the aerial lift while helping to relieve financial burden on the city government. Taipei residents, seniors, people with disabilities, children, and local borough residents, will be eligible for preferential offers. Starting February 1, fares for traveling one stop, two stops, and three stops on the Maokong Gondola will increase from NT$30, NT$40, and NT$50 to NT$70, NT$100, and NT$120, respectively. In addition, a differential pricing scheme will be introduced to make optimal use of the spare capacity of the gondola on non-holidays while serving to strengthen cooperation with Taipei Zoo.  According to TRTC, EasyCard holders (the general public) riding Maokong Gondola on weekdays (non-holidays) will be able to enjoy NT$20 off the normal fare as a way to encourage off-peak patronage.On any given day, travelers belonging to any of the following groups will be eligible for NT$50 off the normal fare per ride: seniors aged 65 and over, children between age 6 and 12, the physically challenged, individuals domiciled in Taipei City, and indigenous people aged 55 and over. To accommodate the needs of locals, those who have a residency in Zhinan, Laoquan, Zhengda, and Wanxing boroughs of Wenshan District will be able to enjoy unlimited rides with a fixed fare of NT$60 on the same day.To enjoy the fare discounts, Taipei residents should enter designated ticket gates and present ID documents. Others eligible for concession fares will be able to enjoy the discounts with EasyCard or by purchasing tickets on site with ID documents.  Group ticket fares have also been adjusted: 10 percent discount for groups of 10 or more passengers and 20 percent for groups of 40 or more passengers. The price for the well-received Maokong Gondola Super Value Round-Trip Ticket will be adjusted to NT$260 (NT$20 deposit included) Taipei Pass for Maokong Gondola will cost NT$350 (not including deposit).    To attract visitors to explore the Maokong area, those who have utilized EasyCard for touring Taipei Zoo before embarking on a Maokong Gondola ride will be eligible for NT$20 off the normal fare.To learn more about the new gondola fares, please call 24-hour MRT customer service: (02)218-12345 or visit the TRTC website (http://english.metro.taipei/).
The Shilin Night Market will join the fanfare of Chinese New Year Bazaar by kicking off the Shilin Food and Shopping Festival!Market Administration Office (MAO) announced that a total of 331 businesses will be participating in the event between January 23 and February 6. Visitors will be eligible to enter an online rafflepromising a wide array of prizes including iPhone 6s and over 200 items provided by the businesses--for every purchase of NT$100 at the night market.   MAO pointed out that much effort has been put into improving the shopping environment of Shilin Night Market as part of the friendliness campaign, for example the provision of free charging stations, Wi-Fi connection, multilingual service, and access to restrooms.  During the period of the festival, individuals visiting the night market are reminded to acquire a serial number from the businesses where they have made purchases. By registering the code in the activity website, they will have a chance of brining home hot prizes! Coupons for more than a thousand products are also available for download at the website (http://shi-lin-night-market.com.tw/download/)(Chinese) during the period of the fest. 
The much-anticipated 2016 Taipei Lantern Festival will take place at Taipei Expo Yuanshan Park between February 20 and 29. During a press event, Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang joined Civil Affairs Commissioner Lan Shih-tsung in unveiling the mini lantern for the Year of the Monkey Lele. The mini lantern will be handed out at 22 distribution spots across the twelve districts on February 21 and 22.Unlike past years, the paper monkey lantern comes in two styles based on the way it is folded, thanks to the ingenuity of the designer. The naughty Lele can either become a gymnast who likes performing somersaults, or a venturous treasure hunter. Incorporating images of balloons, rainbow, starry sky, and the pirate ship inspired by a ride at Taipei Childrens Amusement Park, the designer infused fantasy elements into the lanterns design.   According to the Department of Civil Affairs, there will be a total of 230,000 mini lanterns available  50,000 more than the number last year. Starting 11 AM on February 21 and 22, 112,000 lanterns will be given out at Yuanshan Park, Songshan Tsuhuei Temple, Xinyi District Office, Daan District Office, Taipei Wenchang Temple, CKS Memorial Hall, Boan Temple, Neihu Public Assembly Hall, and other locations. Please refer to the following link for a detailed list of the giveaway locations: http://www-ws.gov.taipei/001/Upload/public/Attachment/61191271823.pdf (Chinese) The city government will also donate mini lanterns to orphanages, childrens wards, schools, and local neighborhoods. A limited supply will be reserved for intercity and international exchange purposes as well.
The Parking Management and Development Office (PMDO) announced a series of parking-related measures for areas in the vicinity of the upcoming 2016 Chinese New Year Street Bazaar between January 23 and February 6.According to PMA, the roads affected by the adjustment include Xining North Road (between Minsheng West Road and Civic Boulevard), Tacheng Street (between Nanjing West Road and Civic Boulevard), and Minle Street (between Guisui Street and Nanjing West Road). Parking fee for vehicles utilizing roadside parking in the area will be adjusted to NT$50 per hour. The hourly parking fee for public parking lots in the area (Dadaocheng Park Underground Parking Lot, Chaoyang Park Underground Parking Lot, Tacheng Park Underground Parking Lot, Floodgate 3 Parking Lot, and Floodgate 5 Parking Lot) will be NT$40 for weekdays and NT$50 on weekends and holidays during the Chinese New Year Street Bazaar period.To allow users to acquire the latest information on parking spaces in the area, PMA suggests drivers to acquire the Taipei City Easy Parking () mobile application on their smart phones. The agency also reminds shoppers to take public transportation to the 2016 Chinese New Year Street Bazaar to avoid traffic jams and the trouble of finding parking spaces in crowded streets. 
When a tourist travels abroad, he or she will often seek out spots marked by a sign saying best photography spot near well-known locations or tourist attractions to grab a shot. To promote places providing visitors opportunities for taking the best pictures, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) will be holding the Modern Taipei  from 1930 and Onward event, inviting internationally-renowned photographer Masai Kyo to select 12 locations across Taipei worthy of this honor.The campaign promoting Taipeis best photography spots will last from noon on January 20 to February 21. In collaboration with Sony Taiwan, TPEDOIT will organize 3 Modern Taipei x Sony photo toures/classes on January 23, 25, and 27. Participants who take a picture at any of the 12 locations and uploading the shot to the Modern Taipei Online Photography Exhibition will have a chance to win a Sony digital camera!During this period, individuals who scan the QR code on three or more signs identifying the 12 selected photo spots will be eligible for a free coffee at any FamilyMart across the island (a total of 1,000 cups will be available for redemption). In addition, those who successfully collect six or more stamps in their activity brochure can visit the tourist information centers (at either MRT Taipei Main Station, MRT Ximen Station, or MRT World Trade Center/Taipei 101 Station) to exchange for a limited edition 2016 calendar. Only 750 calendars are available, so hurry!For more information, please visit the official Chinese activity website: (http://moderntaipei.travel.taipei). Activity brochures are available at any of the 12 photography spots, 9 tourist information centers, and 7 information stations, as well as through download from the aforementioned website.
On January 19, Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong visited The Pinnacle@Duxton-- Singapores most iconic public housing project. A new generation residential complex, the foundation of Duxton spans 2.5 hectare. The facility, consisting of seven connected 156-meter-tall buildings and sky gardens, boasts an astonishing 1,848 units. The project has won a number of international awards while setting the trend for a new public housing style emphasizing high-density buildings and vertical green architecture, Lin reckoned.    Lin noted that the success of Singapores public housing policies can be partly attributed to its comprehensive planning which allocated different budgets and designed different management approaches, thereby accommodating the needs of different family structures. Lin added that the city-states Housing and Development Board (HDB), with support by the Central Provident Fund, has put into place a series of loan programs to help citizens acquire affordable houses. HDP, with a decentralized management system, can effectively assist residents on lease issues at its service centers.The deputy mayor also expressed his interest in exploring Singapores public housing renewal plans and home ownership scheme. These policies can serve as an important source of reference for Taipei, as the capital of Taiwan confronts the challenges of family structure change and aging population.  
A city delegation led by Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong and Department of Urban Development Commissioner Lin Jou-min arrived in Singapore on January 18. The objective of the delegation is to study approaches on public housing, urban renewal, and social welfare adopted by the city-state.Upon arrival, the city officials visited Surbana Jurong Private Limited, an established developer which has invested in building 26 townships comprising over 1 million homes in Singapore. Mao Whey Ying, Executive Vice President of Jurong International, welcomed the members of the delegation.In a meeting with the groups representatives, Lin noted that both Taiwan and Singapore share the same problems of high population density, limited land, aging society, as well as medical and social welfare challenges. Regarding Singapores Home Ownership Scheme asa possible solution, Lin hopes to draw from the city-states rich experience in implementing public housing policies through this visit.Building on the results obtained through collaboration with Seoul on public housing, Lin added that Taipei will invite Singapore to participate in the initiative to create the Asian Housing Alliancean integrated platform for industry exchange across Asian cities. The deputy mayor also invited Surbana Jurong to attend the Smart City Summit in Taipei slated for March. The international forum will see leaders from around the world to engage in discussions on promoting diverse industry exchange among cities. 
To commemorate Firefighters Day, the Fire Department (TFD) organized a celebration event at the tenth floor auditorium in the agency building on January 19.During the ceremony, Mayor Ko Wen-je presented awards to outstanding firefighters, agency employees, and volunteers. A total of 90 individuals and organizations were recognized at the occasion for helping Taipei become a safer city.These unsung heroes include Taipei City Friends of Fire Fighter Association, Taipei City Association of Fire Protection, Songshan Cihui Temple, Songshan Ciyou Temple, Longshan Temple, Yun-yang Fire Safety Equipment Co., Puji Temple, Well Buying Industrial Co., 202 Military Police Command, Chinese Fire Protection Engineers Association Union, Taipei Fire Protection Engineers Association, Taipei City Fire Protection Technician Professional Association, and more.The Golden Dragon Award, a top honor reserved for firefighters and volunteers showing outstanding achievements, were given out to 16 firefighters and 6 volunteer firefighters.According to TFD, the agencys campaign in urging households to install fire alarms in recent years has yielded favorable results. In 2015, the alarm helped prevent casualties in 12 reported fires by enhancing early warning capabilities. In the area of emergency rescue operations, TFD reported that a total of 102 OHCA (out-of-hospital cardiac arrest) cases were successfully discharged from the hospital  46 more than those in 2014.
With the approach of the nine-day-long Chinese New Year holiday, the Animal Protection Office (APO) offers pet owners three tips on choosing pet boarding and care services, helping them plan their vacation away from home without their furkids.APO recommends looking up certified dog boarding facilities published on APOs Chinese website (www.tcapo.gov.taipei). These businesses comply with standards set by the Regulation Governing the Management of Specific Pet Businesses. (Reservation during the CNY holiday should be made in advance)Businesses found to be operating illegally will be fined NT$50,000 to NT$250,000 for violating the Animal Protection Act. However, current regulations only apply to canines no rules have yet been enacted for cats, rabbits, or other kinds of pets. Pet owners are also urged to ensure that their furkids have been implanted with microchips and adequately vaccinated against infectious animal diseases (such as rabies) to reduce the risk of pets going missing or contracting illnesses.In light of a rising number of pet boarding related disputes following the CNY holiday, APO reminds pet owners to sign contracts with businesses regarding the ways of how their pets will be treated, thereby protecting the rights of both sides. Pet owners should also provide as much information as possible about their furry companions disposition, history of illness, eating habits, among others. 
Mayor Ko Wen-ji and his wife Chen Pei-chi arrived at the polling station at Jinou Girls High School to cast their ballot for the islands 2016 General Election on January 16.During his interview with the media, Ko called upon the public to exercise their rights by voting and leave the worries for another day.When asked by reporters whether the mayors son is a first-time voter, Ko replied that the younger Ko has already voted in the local elections of 2014. Chen added that he will be voting later in that day by himself.Responding to media questions about his views regarding the recent uproar over the video apology of Chou Tzu-yu, a Taiwanese member of K-pop girls group, Ko said he hopes reporters will not ask this question on voting day. He added that the question can be discussed after the new regime has been voted into office.As for whether it is fair for a 16-year-old to suffer this kind of pressure, Ko said that sigh, and more sighs. He believes that everyone has his or her own personal opinion about this incident, and there is no need to share his views with the public at the moment.
The New Construction Office (NCO) held a press conference to brief the public on the upcoming Zhongxiao Bridge Dismantling Project.According to the agency, the project will be separated into 3 phases, lasting from January 6 to November 30. The first phase of the project, slated for completion on February 6, involves preparatory works spanning the placement of support beams to the removal of structures beneath the bridge.The second phase of the project involves the actual dismantling of bridge structure. NCO explained that work will be carried out during the Chinese New Year holiday between February 7 and 14.The final phase, lasting from February 15 through November 30, includes the overhaul of surface roads expansion of pedestrian walkways and bridge ramps and installation of new street lights and traffic facilities.Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong noted that low traffic volume is the major reason for choosing the Chinese New Year holiday for bridge dismantling works. He reminds drivers to take either Taipei Bridge or Zhongxing Bridge as detours during this period.NCO will also set up an Info Box to allow individuals exiting MRT Beimen Station to take photos of the dismantling process during this period.
The Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) is joining hands with Taiwan Teddy Bear Association (TWTBA) in organizing the Lohas Bear Carnivala one-month-long showcase featuring both indoor and outdoor exhibitions with the theme of Teddy Bear and other bears.Following the initial showcase in Taichung, the event arrived at the Shilin Presidential Residence in Taipei and will meet the publics eye starting January 16. An amazing collection of one hundred life-size bear installations against a backdrop of seas of flowers is sure to leave visitors in awe.Highlights of the showcase include two Lohas bear green sculptures measuring 2.5 meters high and an inflatable, 7-meter-tall Lohas bear. In addition, handmade Teddy Bears by craftsmen from over 20 countries will complement a classical garden with a touch of contemporary design.   The exhibition also employs IoT technologies to boost visitors interactive experience. By downloading the CheckMe mobile application, exhibition-goers can scan the QR code located at the base of the bear installations to learn more about the brand stories behind the bears. Users will also have a chance to exchange points collected from the apps activities for souvenirs.  TWTBA will hold Teddy Bear sewing classes for those who are interested in making a unique bear of their own on January 23 and 31, respectively. Other activities during the exhibition period include outdoor concerts and picnics. Lohas Bear CarnivalDate: Saturday, January 16  Thursday, February 18Opening Hours: 8 AM  7 PM (Floriculture Exhibition Hall closes at 5 PM)Website: http://www.teddycarnival.com.tw (Chinese)Facebook fan page: https://www.facebook.com/TeddyCarnivalAddress: No.60, Fulin Road, Shilin District
The Department of Information Technology (DOIT) announced that the city government will be working to create an experimental platform to push forth the development of IoT (Internet of Things) technologies. The announcement was made during an IoT forum jointly held by DOIT and Taipei Computer Association (TCA) on January 13. The event attracted the participation of over 700 industry representatives. According to DOIT, the establishment of IoT network is crucial to the implementation of the smart city initiative. Through engagement with like-minded enterprises, the city government hopes to encourage wide-range application of long-distance wireless sensor technologies of LoRa and SigFox on the IoT experimental platform.  With the installation of LoRa/Sigfox base stations capable of low-rate and long-range data transmission, a plethora of innovative services can be implemented to achieve the goal of creating a more convenient lifestyle for the public. The services include tracking and positioning of pets, children, seniors, and paratransit bus across the city remote monitoring of parking space availability, and surveying of underground soil quality and water quality for agricultural or fishery purposes.  
A delegation comprising students and faculty members from the School of Humanities and Social Sciences of Singapores Nanyang Technological University (NTU Singapore) arrived at city hall for a visit on January 13.Headed by the Deputy Director of Nanyang Centre for Public Administration Zhang Zhibin, the visiting delegation includes 16 graduate students from the institutions Contemporary China program, as well as members from Singapore governments education and defense ministries.The group was received by Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang and other city officials. She welcomed the guests on behalf of Mayor Ko Wen-je, sharing her views with the guests on the mayors policies based on the principle of open government, public participation.During the meeting, the students asked the deputy mayor about the 2014 local elections impact on Taiwans political scene, and how major events and social movements over the past two years (anti-nuclear protests, death of military conscript Hung Chung-chiu, and Sunflower Movement) influenced politics.According to Chou, the public should look upon party alternation in a positive light and under a larger context. Political change came about as a reflection of the overall public opinion, which is influenced by factors such as the views of the younger generation, rise of political powers not aligned with the two major parties, and shifts in public trust. She added that people taking a look at todays political trends one hundred years from now would probably cite the student movement of March 18 as a major turning point, reigniting young peoples interest in politics.NTU Singapore is a well-known public university with strong emphasis on research. The school is involved in many partnership programs and collaboration efforts with major universities and institutions around the world.
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the dinner banquet to celebrate the opening of the renovated Shilin Night Market in the evening of January 12. During his address, he noted that no matter which country the tourist comes from, the top three items on his or her agenda for visiting the island includes a trip to the night market. He hopes that the Shilin Night Market can improve from good to great, setting its eyes on becoming a 5-star tourist attraction for international tourists in Taipei.The mayor joked that hes visiting the night market to inspect the effectiveness of the renovation and to see if local vendors require anything else. He hopes that the night market can be among the top markets in Taiwan  even thriving to become the best.Afterwards, the mayor joined city councilors in trying out the snacks available at the night market, including oyster omelet, teppanyaki, squid soup, and sausage with sticky rice. He also praised the night market for maintaining a sanitary environment.
The Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) will hold its end-of-year refurbished furniture sale at Neihu Recycled Furniture Exhibition Center and Auction House between 9 AM and 5 PM on January 17.The event will be presided over by DEP Commissioner Liou Ming-lone. He invites the public to seize this opportunity to acquire quality secondhand household articles, maximizing the use of valuable resources.According to DEP, the sale features a variety of antique wood pieces such as Taiwan cypress cupboards, cabinets, and desks, China berry chest of drawers, camphorwood trunks, as well as old-school bicycles. All items start at 70-percent-off market prices!The auction event also highlights hot deals and activities such as Yanhui Book Warehouse special winter break offers, cypress sawdust packs giveaway for the first 100 early birds, a further 10-percent to 20-percent discount for every purchase of NT$10,000, Taiwan cypress coasters, used goods charity sale, and more!The agency pointed out that the 500 pieces of furniture appearing at the auction are recycled, repaired, and given new life by professionals. The event serves to educate people on the virtue of cherishing goods while helping to reduce the amount of garbage. 
To facilitate conveying of opinions on issues spanning maintenance of park facilities, roadside trees, street lamps, and services, in real time, Taipeis Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) launched the new feature Peoples i Park (i) on the Taipei Parks Walkabout () website (http://parks.taipei)(Chinese). The mobile application is available for both iOS and Android systems.According to PSLO, facilities such as parks, roadside trees, and street lamps serve the purposes of urban beautification, recreation, and public safety. By setting up a convenient digital platform for reporting problems or providing comments related with the aforementioned facilities, the city government will be able to respond to residents needs and improve the living environment more efficiently.The Peoples i Park app and website takes advantage of GPS and photo upload functions, allowing for accurate search of the reported events location while obtaining better case management efficiency. Cases successfully established will be duly processed and tracked.In addition, with the transfer of management duty of neighborhood parks from the Department of Civil Affairs to PSLO, users can access relevant data on these parks via the website and app of Taipei Parks Walkabout, including info spanning the 781 parks and greens of Taipei. The app also incorporates the website of flower appreciation http://flowers.taipei/Default2.aspx (Chinese), which provides the latest information on the recommended locations to enjoy the citys full-blown blossoms.   
Mayor Ko Wen-je visited Taipei City Council to express his gratitude to city councilors for passing the city governments budget for 2016.When asked by reporters whether he is satisfied with the results, the mayor stated that he would first like to thank city councilors for spending time on reviewing the budget. Starting from the very moment, the city government will do its best in executing the budget, hoping to make Taipei City even more convenient for residents in terms of living.Regarding the city council decision to set the Type II Budget Reserve to NT$1.25 billion, Ko noted that politics is something which all sides can accept.  Responding to questions regarding the removal of all budgets for International Urban Development Associations (INTA) UN HABITAT III parallel initiative event in Taipei, the mayor admitted that this is a major problem, as this is a rare opportunity for Taipei to host a major United Nation related event. He added that the city government will look into ways to resolve this issue.As for the cut on funding for the 2050 visions platform, the mayor stressed that he will have to contemplate further on this issue, noting that if theres rice you eat rice if theres no rice you drink sweet potato soup.When asked about the upcoming third reading of the budget, the mayor said the most important issue is to go to work and to do what can be done within the limits set by rules and regulations.
On January 8, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a press event for the opening of Letters to the Mayor exhibitiona showcase of letters written by international archetects to leaders of cities around the world.During his address, Ko noted that there are three elements to policy formulationpublic opinion, professionalism, and values. His administration is committed to upholding the values of open government and public participation as guide for governance.Ko remarked that Taipei is privileged to become the first destination of Letters to the Mayor exhibition in Asia presented by New York based non-profit organization Storefront for Art and Architecture. He also expressed his gratitude to JUT Foundation for Arts and Architecture for making this showcase possible, hoping that the advice from participating architects will serve to help make the capital a livable city.According to Ko, the letters are not merely intended for the mayor but for the city and the residents. He promised that the city government will delve into the insights and perspectives of these prominent figures in the field of architecture as reference for policymaking. Letters to the Mayor exhibition will be touring Taipei and Taichung following its showing in New York, Athens, Panama, Bogota, Mariupol, and other cities. A total of 75 local and international architects will provide their reflection on cities of Taiwan.
With the Chinese New Year around the corner, Nanmen Traditional Market is kicking off a month-long New Year dishes pre-order event between January 7 and February 7. A God of Fortune Dance was performed at the venue on January 7 to heat up the atmosphere and promote the service, while the event also featured a showcase of dozens of classic Lunar New Year dishes presented by some of the best known businesses and a give-away of spring couplets written by calligraphy masters.Nanmen Market is one of the top choices to go New Year grocery shopping on the island, offering the freshest food materials, seafood, vegetables, meat, dry goods, and garment of unrivaled quality.Not only does the official website of the market provides information regarding the source of the products on offer, the market has also collaborated with delivery service providers to ensure a pleasant and convenient shopping experience.  For residents from other municipalities, some of the most iconic delicacies at Nanmen Market can now be purchased online with preferential offers, ranging from jerky, pastry desserts, traditional dishes, and more.
Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang along with a number of city officials met with a delegation from University of St. Thomas, Houston at City Hall on January 7. Led by Hans Stockton, Associate Dean & Professor Director of Center for International Studies, the delegation comprises 15 outstanding students who are visiting Taipei to learn more about the capital. As Taipei and Houston have established sister city ties since 1961, Chou extended her warm welcome to the dignitaries and invited them to help promote the upcoming international events to be hosted by TaipeiWorld Design Capital 2016, Velo-city Global 2016, and Taipei Universiade 2017.Answering the students questions about Taipeis advantages and its position in the world, the deputy mayor noted that Taipei boasts an open government, passionate citizenry, and inclusive society. Mayor Ko Wen-je is especially keen on improving the citys social welfare network and medical system as well as creating a livable city.  Chou also exchanged opinions with the visitors concerning the topics of cityscape maintenance, transportation efficiency, disadvantaged group welfare, water conservation, and others.
In line with the new measure taking effect on January 1, 2016 granting workers two days off per week, Parking Management and Development Office (PMDO) announced that parking on roads less than 8 meters in width (including 8 meters) in the citys residential areas will not be charged on Saturday.However, the rule does not apply to parking spaces for commercial purposes or high-demand parking areas.PMDO pointed out that 6-meter and 8-meter roads in lanes and alleys are mostly used by residents. Users are charged at the lowest rates during the period between 9 AM and 5 PM. According to a survey conducted by PMDO one month following the implementation of the measure to charge all car parking spaces starting December 1, 2015, the parking turnover rate has increased by 2.5 times and the occupancy issue has been effectively addressed.    In light of this, the city government has decided that parking on Taipeis 612 lanes and alleys in residential areas will not be charged on Saturday considering the fact that people usually do not work on the weekend in accordance with the amended Labor Standards Act.To meet peoples needs, PMDO will continue to review parking rates across the city based on actual usage. Lanes and alleys which have not been marked with parking spaces will be examined as part of the Neighborhood Traffic Improvement Plan.
A promotional event for products of Taipei sheltered workshops was held at City Hall on January 7 morning.The event featured the shops remarkable achievement in 2015, with sales revenue exceeding an astonishing NT$1 billion. Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang presented medals of gratitude to a number of corporations for their long-standing support for the facilities that employ people with disabilities.    To usher in the Chinese New Year, Taipei sheltered workshops are presenting a wide array of gift boxes at great varieties, spanning homemade baked egg rolls, healthy rice cookies, mixed grain steamed bread, coffee, spicy sauce, among others. Department of Labor Commissioner Lai Hsiang-lin touted that this year Taipei sheltered shops offer products and services of dazzling diversity and at reasonable prices. She called on the public to purchase whats available in the shops as a way of showing support for the disadvantaged group.To learn more about Taipei sheltered workshops, visit its Facebook fan page http://www.facebook.com/TaipeiSheltered (Chinese)
As a highlight of the Velo-city Global 2016 Conference to be hosted by Taipei between February 27 and March 1, the Velo-city Parade will take place on February 28 featuring a wide array of activities for cycling enthusiasts.Department of Transportation invites the public to sign up for the Fun Ridea 17km bike ride with the route beginning at Taipei City Hall square and along the citys riverbanks. Registration starts at 12 noon on January 5 and ends when the number of participants reaches the maximum of 4,000. Sign up here: http://www.velo-city2016-parade.com/page_en/signup.php   Other activities on Sunday, February 28 include Bike Parade which features eye-catching characters such as Techno Prince Nezha and mascots as well as cycling teams dressed up with creativity and in style Kids Push Bike Race Pump Track excitement Night Market delicacies tasting as well as New Years Party that brings to you a dazzling showcase of cultural performances from other countries.  The organizer of Velo-city Global 2016 has also arranged cycling tours coming in eight routes and ten sessions, allowing participants to explore the multi-faceted culture of Taipei on bicycle. For those who wish to discover the beauty of the island, they are welcome to take part in one to three-day cycling tours held in partnership with private cycling groups to Guishan Island (Yilan), Sun Moon Lake (Nantou), Taroko National Park (Hualien), and more.   Velo-city 2016 Parade: http://www.velo-city2016-parade.com/index_en.phpVelo-city 2016 Official Website: http://www.velo-city2016.com/index.php/en/ 
Mayor Ko Wen-je lays out a clear picture for the long-term vision of Taipei in a press conference on January 6, announcing that the city government will establish a platform for data collection and interagency review for the formulation of Taipei Vision 2050.In response to criticism of the plan for being unrealistic, Ko defended the policy by noting that the project is in line with the global trend to devise a comprehensive long-term plan for city development as seen in metropolises like Tokyo, Seoul, London, and Amsterdam. Citing the East District Gateway and Biotech Park projects which require not only planning by Taipei but the involvement of New Taipei and Keelung City, Ko stressed that any administrative envisioning of where Taipei will be heading should take into account the factors of time and space as well as the notion of Capital as a Living Circle.    The mayor added that the last urban planning project for Taipei was released in 1930, therefore a new one is urgently needed. Department of Urban Development will be spearheading the Taipei Vision 2015 project, seeking to draw resources and experience from both the public and the private sector to ensure a sound plan will be drafted.
Mayor Ko Wen-je announced that the city government will terminate the Meeting with the Mayor program and launch a new Input project to manage citizen feedback data. He made the remarks before delivering a speech at Howard Civil Service International House at the invitation of Ketagalan Institute on January 3.According to Ko, the Input project seeks to integrate the citys communication channels with the citizenry, including 1999 Citizen Hotline and opinions expressed through online platforms, mobile devices, as well as government facilities. A database will thus be established to collect what residents have to say about the city government, be it complaints, comments, or advice regarding civil services. Despite the fact that the city government will no longer hold Meeting with the Mayor sessions to directly interact with citizens, Ko stressed that the new approach offers an institutionalized and more efficient mechanism to address residents needs. Answering medias questions concerning the launch time of Input, the mayor noted that he had expected the service to be rolled out in early 2016. However, the budget for implementing the project is still pending approval at the Taipei City Council. 
As rabies shows no signs of abating in Taiwan, Taipei City Animal Protection Office (APO) urges pet owners to ensure their furkids immunizations against the infectious disease are updated. APO pointed out that currently Taipei has 173 veterinary institutes (accounting for over 70 percent of the total) requested by the agency to offer rabies inoculation service. After having their domesticated animals vaccinated, pet owners will receive a certificate and pet tag issued by the city government as proof of rabies vaccination.    APO reminds pet owners to check whether the veterinary institute is among the contracted facilities to provide rabies immunization service before having their cats or dogs vaccinated.A fine of NT$30,000 to NT$150,000 shall be imposed on pet owners/keepers for failing to carry out prevention measures against the disease in accordance with Statute for Prevention and Control of Infectious Animal Disease. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je paid a visit to Yongle Market on the last day of 2015. He inspected the renovations transforming a market boasting 30 years of history. The project was carried out under the guidance of Market Administration Office (MAO).Ko noted that the easiest way to learn about a city is through visiting its traditional markets. These facilities not only offer local food materials, but also allow visitors to immerse themselves in the culture and bustling vibe of the city.Being one of the top tourist attractions of Taipei, the Yongle Market underwent a comprehensive overhaul in 2015 to upgrade its infrastructure. MAO educated stall owners on the right attitude toward doing business, as well as renovating the building to create a more pleasant environment for shoppers. The refurbished Yongle Market has seen its old utility pipelines replaced, walls repainted, air-conditioning equipment renewed, walkways redesigned, and stall location rearranged to separate vendors selling general goods from those offering fresh meat and produce. The marketplace has also received three-star rating from Central Region Office of the Ministry of Economic Affairs in the LOHAS Traditional Market Competitiveness Boost Program, while five stalls in the market claimed the honor of LOHAS Fame.The effort is part of MAOs initiative to enhance the hygiene of Taipeis public retail markets in 2015, which focuses on implementing the dry/wet goods separation and keeping garbage off the ground policies at over 34 markets. The initiative also seeks to enforce spot checks on market management, help markets apply for the scale label certified by Bureau of Standards, Metrology, and Inspection, and improve price transparency.  
To welcome its new role as the host of the 2016 World Design Capital, Taipei City Government Department of Cultural Affairs organized a Daybreak Music Concert and flag raising ceremony at the Dajia Riverside Park in the morning on January 1.Dignitaries taking part in the event include Mayor Ko Wen-je, PFP presidential candidate James Soong, PFP vice presidential candidate Hsu Hsin-ying, DPP vice presidential candidate Chen Chien-jen, KMT vice presidential candidate Jennifer Wang, foreign representatives, and city councilors. During his speech, the mayor expressed his gratitude to citizens and international friends attending the event. On the first day of the New Year, he is making a wish for a better Taipei and a better Taiwan. He pointed out that it will take effort and harmony to achieve this purpose. Therefore, he has chosen effort and harmony as the key phrases for 2016.After the flag-raising ceremony and singing of the national anthem, the mayor and DOCA Commissioner Ni Chung-hwa toured the temporary art showcase consisting of 12 decorated cargo containers. 
Department of Transportation (DOT) inaugurated two new YouBike stations on December 31, bringing the total number of the public bike rental stations to 212, with a fleet comprising 6,934 bicycles.The two stations are Fushun Park (30 parking spaces) and Taihe Park stations (40 parking spaces). Fushun Park, located around a cluster of commercial buildings, provides residents and commuter with a transfer means to MRT Minquan West Road Station and Zhongshan Elementary School Station. Taihe Park, situated at the intersection of Lane 583 and Lane 600 of Wuxing Street, is surrounded by residential buildings and allows locals to travel to Wuxing Bus Terminus or MRT Xinyi Line for transfer needs.For more information regarding YouBike and opinions for the service, please call the 1999 Citizen Hotline or 02-89785511, or visit the Chinese websites of DOT (www.dot.taipei.gov.tw) and YouBike (www.youbike.com.tw).
In light of past incidents where taxi drivers were found to overcharge customers on New Years Eve, Public Transportation Office (PTO) warns taxi service providers that such an act will incur a fine between NT$9,000 and NT$90,000 according to Highway Act.PTO pointed out that passengers taking the cab during nighttime hours (11 PM to 6 AM) on New Years Eve will have to pay an extra NT$20 in addition to the fare shown on the taximeter plus the surcharge indicated on the fare chart publicized by the authorities if the cab uses the old version meter.However, if the cab has been installed with the new version meter, passengers shall only be charged according to the fare shown on the taximeter.   Should the public members encounter taxi drivers who violate the regulation, they are advised to refuse boarding the car and report to PTO or call 1999 Citizen Hotline by providing information of the cabs registration plate number, name of the driver, as well as boarding time and location.
To herald the New Year and to allow the public to plan their New Years Eve activities ahead of time, the Department of Information Technology suggests trying out the following apps to access a variety of city services:1. iTAP: This application integrates a number of city services to your smartphone. In addition to traffic, family centers, zoo, and water services, users can also look up useful information such as Restroom locations and Room and Board. Those not at the party venue can join in on the fun by tuning into Taipei Broadcasting Station through the app.2. Fun Travel in Taipei: This app integrates services related to transportation, including bus, MRT, YouBike, taxi, and parking information.3. Now@Taipei: This app allows you to plan for what to eat and where to go. With a three-day long weekend around the corner, there will be lots of activities going on in town, in addition to the New Years Eve bash. With the help of this app, you wont have to collect all the information yourself to finalize plans!4. Taipei Free Public Wireless Network Access: In an age where almost everyone possesses a smart phone, the absence of internet connection is like isolating the user from the rest of the world. However, not everybody has phone plans with unlimited internet access. This app not only allows the user to acquire an account easily, but also enables him or her to locate the nearest hotspot to access the free public network. 5. Taipei City Schools Digital Weather Report: The weather condition is an important factor determining whether revelers can enjoy the New Years Eve bash or not. This APP provides real-time weather information for the area around the venue. This ensures that users can wear the right clothing and minimize the likeliness of being soaked by rain without advanced warning.In addition to the aforementioned apps, users can look through a more comprehensive collection at the following Chinesewebsite: http://apps.taipei.  
In light of the 2016 New Years Eve Countdown Bash at city hall on December 31, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that the metro system will be running 42-hour non-stop, starting from 6 AM on December 31 and closing at 11:59 PM on January 1 (with the exceptions of MRT Xiaobitan Station and MRT Xinbeitou Station).The hours of Maokong Gondola will also be extended to 2 AM in the morning. According to TRTC, the three major MRT lines (Bannan Line, Tamsui-Xinyi Line, and Songshan-Xindian Line) will accompany revelers through the night. To exercise the metro systems full potential in transporting passengers, the agency will make the following adjustment to train service schedules:1. Bannan Line: Train intervals will remain at an average of 2 minutes 32 seconds until the crowd disperses.2. Tamsui-Xinyi Line: Starting at 5 PM on December 31, the terminal station for all trains on this line will extend to MRT Xiangshan Station. Average intervals between services will be 3 minutes.3. Songshan-Xindian Line: Average service intervals will be between 6 to 8 minutes (service intervals for stops between Songshan Station and Taipower Building Station will be between 3 to 4 minutes). Train schedules will be adjusted accordingly depending on passenger flow.4. Zhonghe-Luzhou Line: Average service intervals will be between 6 to 8 minutes (service intervals for stops between Nanshijiao Station and Daqiaotou Station will be between 3 to 4 minutes). Train schedules will be adjusted accordingly depending on passenger flow.5. Wenhu Line: Average service intervals will be between 2 to 3.5 minutes, with schedule adjustments based on actual passenger flow. TRTC reminds passengers that during this period, trains may skip Taipei City Hall Station and Taipei 101/World Trade Center Station if necessary to avoid overcrowding the platform. Passengers should disembark at Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station and Xinyi Anhe Station and walk to the venue. For more information, please call the TRTC Customer Hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or visit the Chinese website of the agency (http://www.metro.taipei/).  
To provide a friendly environment for mothers of newborns, Department of Health (DOH) has publicized 214 items regarding the citys lactation room information on the open data platform (http://data.taipei)(Chinese).  According to a recent survey conducted by DOH, moms who breastfeed for two months after giving birth account for 60.6% of total respondents the percentage of those who persist breastfeeding for six months declines to 39.3%.To encourage mothers to breastfeed their newborns for at least six months and to help them find available nursing facilities outside the home, DOH has established the Friendly Taipei Lactation Rooms dataset. The service offers information on Taipeis certified nursing rooms, addresses, directions, opening hours, amenities, and photos. The agency also invited National Chiao Tung University to develop the Friendly Taipei Lactation Rooms application based on the newly released information. This ensures users obtain quick access to related data. New mothers will find useful information in the video tutorials on breastfeeding and the Q&A section of the app. As of December 2015, DOH offers access to 43 datasets spanning topics such as baby-friendly medical facilities, postpartum care centers, wellbeing promotion hospitals, senior health examination hospitals, food material registration, pharmacies, and more. For inquiries on the citys lactation resources, please visit the Chinese website of DOH (http://health.gov.taipei/Default.aspx?tabid=149) or dial the 1999 Citizen Hotline (ext. 7112). 
In the interest to relocate utility lines underground by the time of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, personnel from Japans Pacific Consultants Corporation arrived in Taiwan for a two-day visit to tour local facilities and hold experience exchange sessions with local representatives between December 21 and 22.  The company is conducting the project on behalf of National Institute for Land and Infrastructure Management (NILIM) under Japans Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport, and Tourism.The delegates visited the Taipei City Road and Pipeline Information Center (RPIC), which was inaugurated on July 1, 2015. They hope to learn more about Taipeis approaches toward relocation of cable and utility pipelines while meeting objectives in areas such as disaster prevention and safety.To allow the guests from Japan to better understand the Citys approach towards the management issues, regulations, and construction techniques related to power and communication cables, the agency invited representatives from Taipower and Chunghwa Telecom to report at the meeting.RPIC also briefed the delegates on construction plan design and implementation conducted by the center, as well as the distribution of construction costs, management, and deployment of a shared tunnel for these cables.
Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) announced that a wide range of city image themed merchandise is now available at the Taipei Souvenir Shop near West Gate on the ground floor of City Hall.According to Information and Tourism Commissioner Chien Yu-yen, developing exquisite and unique products that reflect a citys characteristics has become a global trend to promote tourism. The new collection of Taipei-themed creative products present the capitals historical and cultural charms while capturing the citys vivid diversity.  The 2016 collection includes goods with illustrations of Taipei City Walls such as Xiaonanmen flip-flops, Ximen jigsaw puzzles, Beimen magnets, Beimen LEGO toy bricks, ass well as Dadaocheng backpacks, Taipei satchels, and Taipei Impression chocolate. Whats noteworthy is that the Taipei Impression chocolate features packs of chocolate in wrapping paper with themes highlighting cityscape paintings from the collection of Taipei Fine Arts Museum. By incorporating an artistic flavor into the souvenir, the city government seeks to leave a lasting impression on visitors.  Other items of merchandise for sale include the much sought-after 2016 calendar, Bee bags and towel sets launched on Double Ten Day, as well as a series of exclusive products inspired by the style of Mayor Ko Wen-je.To learn more about whats on offer at Taipei Souvenir Shop, please visit www.travel.taipei (Chinese) or call 1999 Citizen Hotline, Ext. 8627. The shop opens 9 AM to 5 PM, Monday to Sunday.
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over a press event on the coordination of Greater Taipeis trauma care resources at Emergency Operations Center of Taipei on December 28. Ko pointed out that experience and statistics suggest that time is an important factor for trauma treatment. Delivering the right patient to the right place at the right time will increase the patients chances of survival.  The mayor noted that his belief in the necessity to create an integrated emergency medical system for the capital-centered living circle has been strengthened following the Formosa Water Park explosion incident. As a result, he has been working to coordinate the resources of a total of 11 medical centers across Taipei New Taipei.   Through the effort, Ko reckoned that ambulances in the Greater Taipei will be more efficiently dispatched and injured patients will receive more timely treatment. The model, if successful, can be emulated in other municipalities.  In addition to improving standard operation procedures for emergency medical services, Taipei will also digitize ambulance transport records and use Key Performance Indicators to evaluate the effectiveness of the system to maximize the use of resources.With the implementation of the coordinated emergency trauma care system, Taipei Fire Department noted that in the future, a trauma victim will not necessarily be transported to the nearest hospital but to the most appropriate medical facility based on his/her injury severity score calculated by the computer.  
Huge crowds are expected when the New Year countdown reaches its climax as fireworks are set off at Taipei 101 and Miramar Entertainment Park. To offer an alternative place to watch the spectacles, Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) invites the public to visit seven recommended riverbank spots across the city.The top choice for a great view of the pyrotechnic show at Taipei 101 is the Rainbow Riverbank Park between Minquan Bridge and MacArthur Bridge No.1, according to HEO. Located to the north northeast of the landmark skyscraper of Taipei, the bridge sits at a position where the fireworks smoke blown by the northeast winds will not weaken the visual effects of the display.  In addition, it is recommended that residents find a spot at Meiti or Guanshan riverbank park for a clear view of Taipei 101 fireworks. The camping site at Huazhong Riverside Park and Rainbow Bridge adjacent to Raohe Night Market also make good choices as they are in the vicinity of parking lots and where portable toilets are available.For those who wish to take in the dazzling pyrotechnic spectacles at both the Taipei 101 and Miramar Entertainment Park, Yingfeng and Dajia parks on the banks of Keelung River are the optimal locations. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je paid visits to Shi Zi Xuan pastry store and Camangi Corporation on December 24 to examine the results of the city governments program to help small and medium enterprises as well as business establishments transform themselves.Shi Zi Xuan, a traditional bakery now in the hands of the third generation, has undergone a facelift to recreate the nostalgic atmosphere of the 1930s. The retro style interior design aims to attract young customers and pass down traditional pastry culture. To show his support, Ko tried his hands at making desserts and experienced the hard work and fun from the process. Camangi Corporation, on the other hand, is the first company to have been granted the highest subsidyNT$5 million--from the Project of Subsidies & Incentives for Taipei Industry. An established textile manufacturer, Camangi has successfully extracted collagen from fish scales and incorporated the substance into apparel fiber using nanotechnology. The feat earned the company an invitation to the 2015 World Expo in Milan. The two examples are part of the city governments bid in 2015 to inject creative energy into industry. A total of ten stores and companies have been selected and received assistance from Department of Economic Development, be it professional advice on brand marketing or image reshaping.According to the mayor, Taipei boasts a favorable environment for entrepreneurship. Would-be entrepreneurs are encouraged to seek consultation services through StartUP@Taipei platform (http://www.startup.taipei/)(Chinese). More information on the citys subsidy programs can be found at www.industry-incentive.taipei (Chinese) 
"[2016 New Year Countdown Party] Traffic Control MeasuresThe end-of-the-year countdown bash will take place starting at 7 PM on December 31! The party is expected to attract over tens of thousands of revelers. To ensure smooth traffic flow in the vicinity of the venue, the city government announced the following traffic-related measures:I.	Construction of the main stage commences at midnight on December 25:A.	Midnight to 10 PM on December 25 (Fri.):All five lanes on the east side of Shifu Road (between Songshou Road and Songao Road)B.	10 PM on December 25 (Fri.) to 11:59 PM on December 27 (Sun.): New Renai Road closed, in addition to the aforementioned section of Shifu RoadC.	Midnight on December 28 (Mon.) to 6 AM on January 12: New Renai Road and all lanes on Shifu Road closedII.	Three-phase traffic control plan to be implemented for the countdown bash: (see pdf attachment [Chinese] for details)The organizers will set up three shuttle lines (Destinations: Taipei Main Station, MRT Gongguan Station, and Muzha/Jingmei) to help transport revelers to and from the event venue. Service details regarding the shuttle service are also available in the pdf attachment. Roadside parking squares in the vicinity of the shuttle stops will be suspended for the duration of the event (5 PM on December 31 to 3 AM on January 1). Vehicles parked inside the parking squares in the area during this period will be removed.Drivers should take detours to avoid the event venue during this period. Suggested detours include: I.	East/West-bound traffic: Take Minquan East/West Road, Nanjing East/West Road, Bade Road, Civic Boulevard, or Heping East/West Road for detour. II.	North/South-bound traffic: Take Xinsheng North/South Road, Jianguo North/South Road Road, Dunhua North/South Road Road, or Songshan Road for detour. III.	Starting at 8 PM on December 31, Keelung Road Underpass will be reserved for emergency vehicle passage. Southbound traffic along the long channel on Keelung road will be closed to traffic. Starting 10 PM on December 31, ramps leading to Keelung Road from Huandong and Tiding boulevards will be closed. Drivers should head west on Civic Boulevard at Zhenqi Bridge for detour."
To celebrate Christmas, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) will hold a Christmas present giveaway at the Maokong Gondola on December 24 and 25. TRTC invited Santa and his reindeer friends to hand out small gifts and well wish cards to visitors on the day of the event.The giveaway will take place at the Maokong Gondola Taipei Zoo Station during the following hours: 2 PM on December 24 (Thursday) 10 AM on December 25 (Friday) and 2 PM on December 25. Those who receive a well wish card from Santa can write down their hope and take it to Maokong Gondola Station. They will find a Tree of Wishes, decorated in silver and white, at the facility where they can hang the card up.The card, designed in the shape of gondola cabins, is also available at the service counters inside Maokong Station. Visitors can also take pictures at the Christmas tree, where the great view from the observation decks next to the station will offer them an unforgettable Christmas memory.For details, please contact the 24-hour customer service hotline (TEL:02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizen Hotline. Information is also available from the Maokong Gondolas Chinese website (http://www.gondola.taipei/) or TRTC Chinese website (http://www.metro.taipei/).  
On December 22, the City Executive Meeting approved the proposal on greenhouse gas reduction submitted by the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP). The plan will be incorporated into the Liveable City of Taipei Self Governance Ordinance Draft. According to DEP, the city will seek to reduce carbon emissionby 25-percent of the emission level in 2005 by 2030 and achieve 50-percent reduction of the 2005 emission standards by 2050. During the meeting, Mayor Ko Wen-je requested city staff to draft the Taipei City Greenhouse Gas Control Executive Plan by June of 2016. Inspection spots should also be determined to evaluate the effectiveness of the plans implementation. He vowed that Taipei will endeavor to assume the responsibility of carbon emission reduction along with other countries. DEP pointed out that the COP21 conference under UN Framework Convention on Climate Change taking place in mid-December saw the Paris Agreement ratified by 195 countries to restrict planetary warming to less than 1.5 degrees Celsius, in an effort to mitigate the impact of climate change. With urbanization leading to growth of populated areas and thus accounting for nearly 80-percent of energy consumption, cities have become important battlegrounds in the fight against global warming.Over the years, Taipei has spared no effort on the frontline of carbon reduction actions. In 2014, the capital reduced greenhouse gas emission to 1,455 tons, reaching the target to bring emission to 2008 levels (1,640 tons) between 2016 and 2020. The Liveable City of Taipei Self Governance Ordinance Draft will see Taipei advance its mid-term and long-term carbon emission reduction goals, seeking to bring the amount down to 1,200 tons by 2030 and 800 tons by 2050.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the Outstanding Middle School Students Award Presentation Ceremony for First Semester of 2015 School Year in the afternoon on December 22.During his address, the mayor admitted that he wasnt sure about the exact definition of outstanding students. However, having recently conducted his own end-of-the-year self-examination, he proposed the following theory before the audience. Doing something you like well is nothing rare however, doing something you dont like well is very important.Ko said he was quite surprised to learn that the Japanese language uses the Chinese characters Mian Qiang() as the Japanese phrase for studying. He remarked that studying is not limited to do things you like to do, and it is necessary to do an outstanding job for something you dont like. He hopes that everyone can do what they like well, and what they dont like even better.A total of 365 middle school students with outstanding performance received the award at the ceremony.When asked by the media about his thoughts on having to stand for two hours at the event and that 100-percent of the elementary school students responding to the survey indicated that they want to receive the award from the mayor, Ko says that if they want the mayor to present the award, he will be ready to hand it to the 360-plus students in person today.
To increase animal adoption rates, Taipei City Animal Protection Office (APO) announced the Hello Service--Working Dogs program. The effort seeks to provide sheltered canines with possibilities beyond household adoption. According to APO, the program has seen the participation of FAEA, Taiwan Dr. Dog, Taiwan Animal and Plant Health Inspection Association, and Life Conservationist Association. These NGOs will work with APO to offer up to 6 months training for dogs at the institution that are deemed suitable to perform public services, depending on each dogs disposition and traits.For instance, highly alert dogs are perfect choices for deployment with the Coast Guard Administration. The puppies will serve for 4 to 6 years, during which they will remain available for adoption by the general public. Detection dogs, on the other hand, must possess attributes such as immense curiosity, healthy appetite for food, playfulness, fearlessness, and willingness to approach people. Trained sniffer dogs will patrol airports, harbors, and parcel management centers and be on the lookout for suspicious objects.  Sheltered canines that are mild-tempered and have the potential to befriend humans will be selected as therapy dogs. They will accompany staff on visits to households, nursing homes, hospice facilities, and other social welfare institutions to bring companionship and comfort to patients and those with needs.APO encourages the general public to apply for the working dog service. Interested individuals can visit the Taipei Animal Shelter to select suitable candidates and wait for their arrival after they have received adequate training.  
Members of a delegation led by Shizuoka Mayor Nobuhiro Tanabe met with Mayor Ko Wen-je at city hall on December 21. The two mayors promised to strengthen sports exchange.The delegation from Shizuoka is in town to attend the 2015 Taipei Marathon. Shizuoka will also be hosting a major marathon event in March of 2016.Mayor Ko remarked that the first Taipei Marathon was held in 1986. Knowing that the Shizuoka Marathon will be taking place in March, the mayor pledged to send a delegation at that time to strengthen sports exchange of the two cities.Ko also noted that Shizuoka is the hometown of Chibi Maruko, which happens to be his kids favorite cartoon character. He also invited Shizuoka to attend the upcoming Velo-City Global 2016 and Universiade Taipei 2017.During his address, Mayor Tanabe noted that he was impressed by Taipei Marathon. The 30-year-old event is like the bigger brother of Shizuoka Marathon. He invited representatives of Taipei to visit the upcoming Marathon and extended the invitation to Ko to visit Shizuoka when the latter stops by Tokyo in early 2016.
Mayor Ko Wen-je set forth his vision for the citys public housing policies during a talk organized by the Department of Urban Development on December 20. He laid out four major goals in pursuit of a liveable cityto bring about living justice, urban aesthetics, smart city lab, and a new living model.  According to the mayor, Taipeis house-price-to-income ratio is 15, meaning that on average one has to save without spending for 15 years to afford a house. In light of this, the city government has the responsibility to provide residents with rental housing to uphold the right to housing. Citing examples of the US, Japan, South Korea, and the Netherlands, Ko noted that Taipei must increase the percentage of public housing from the current 0.6% to at least 6% for its population of 2.7 million.    In addition to the supply of affordable apartments, the capital of Taiwan also has much room for improvement in terms of cityscape. He reckoned that more effort will be invested in the design of public housing, as well as public art, to enhance urban aesthetics. The third goal of public housing, Ko remarked, is to serve as a driving force of industry development by introducing intelligent power meter, water meter, and U-card system into newly constructed public residential properties. Such approach, in line with the concept of energy conservation, will provide a platform for industry players to experiment with smart technologies.   Ko added that the fourth goal is to create a new living model inspired by a trip to Osaka last year. He pointed out that public apartments in the Japanese city are mostly located within close proximity to train stations, hospitals, shopping malls, and elementary schools. As Taipeis senior populationpeople aged 65 and older--is set to reach 20 percent in six years, he believes that future public housing should incorporate senior activity centers, nursery and baby care facilities, clinics, convenience stores, among other public spaces. The mayor announced that Deputy Mayor Lin will be visiting Hong Kong and Singapore in 2016 to draw lessons in this field. A public housing policy exchange platform comprising South Korea, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Taiwan will also be established, hoping that Taipei can reach on par with its Asian neighbors in the development of public housing policies. 
The 2015 Taipei International AA Baseball Invitational Tournament will be taking place in Taipei between December 20 and 24.Holding its inaugural tournament in 2005, the event is now entering its eleventh year. A total of 32 teams will be taking part in this years event, including 11 teams from Asian countries such as China, Korea, and Japan.This years tournament will be taking place at the following venues: Tianmu Baseball Stadium, Xinsheng Baseball Field, and Guanshan Baseball Field.Over the past years, Taiwans teams won the tournament six times, while teams from Japan brought home the title four times. Five teams from Taipei City will be taking part in this years competition, including Dali, Xingfu, Changan, Yangming, and Chongqing junior high schools. Among these teams, Changan Junior High School is the winner of this years Pumen Cup Baseball Championship and Chongqing Junior High School is the winner of the 2010 Junior League World Series.
The organizer of the 2017 Taipei Universiade is calling for the corporate world to join the sponsorship program for the international sports taking place in two years time. According to the Market Development Division of Taipei Universiade, the sports event involves multi-facet preparations requiring investment of substantial amount of resources.  The Executive Committee noted that diverse channels have been put in place to encourage the participation of corporations and businesses. The sponsorship of the Taipei Universiade will allow companies to engage in image-building and brand marketing, as well as serving to improve public relations.    The organizer hopes corporations and businesses can contribute resources in 15 categories: transportation services, ICT products, beverages, food, household appliances, daily life consumables, apparel, office equipment, sports gear, medical supplies, security equipment, competition related gear, mats, artificial lawn, and others.   To learn more about the sponsorship program, please contact (02)2578-7813. Information is also available at the Chinese website (http://www.2017.taipei/files/11-1000-166.php) and Facebook page of [2017 Taipei Summer Universiade ]. 
In light of the large number of runners taking part in the 2015 Taipei Marathon on Sunday, December 20, Taipei Rapid Transportation Corporation announced that train service will begin at 5:20 AM in the morning from depot stations.The waiting time between trains for the Wenhu Line will be 6 to 7 minutes. The service intervals for high-capacity lines will be 12 to 15 minutes. Start time for services to MRT Xiaobitan Station and MRT Xinbeitou Station will remain at 6 AM.Services across all MRT lines will return to regular schedule after 6 AM. According to TRTC, the platform monitors on the platform at all MRT stations will broadcast the marathon event live between 6 AM and 9 AM on Sunday, December 20.For more information on the schedule during the 2015 Taipei Marathon, please call the TRTC 24-hour customer service hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizen Hotline. Details are also available on the TRTC Chinese website (http://www.metro.taipei/), Taipei MRT GO app, or information monitors at MRT stations.
The new ROC representative to Mongolia Huang Kuo-jung and Secretary Cho Chung-chun met Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang during a visit to city hall on December 16.Congratulating Huang for his new position, Chou also expressed her gratitude to the new representative to Mongolia for taking time to visit the city government to exchange opinions on the promotion of relations between Taipei and Mongolia.Taipei City, who has a sister city relations with the Mongolian capital of Ulaanbaatar, seeks to continue strengthening bilateral exchange in the areas of education, cultural activities, and tourism.  Located in central Asia, the inland nation of Mongolia is situated between Russia and the PRC. The majority of the countrys population is nomadic. Chou remarked that Taipeis sister city ties with Ulaanbaatar can be traced all the way back to 1997. The two sides have conducted exchange programs for civil servants, as well as strengthening interactions in the areas of culture, youth education, police, fire prevention, and healthcare. She suggested that future areas for cooperation might include exchange students, volunteer medical corps, and exchange artists.Huang noted that Mongolia currently boasts a population of 3 million people. Half of the population resides in Ulaanbaatar. He believes that city diplomacy can be conducted beyond the scope of political ideology, establishing its foundation of topics concerning the citizens directly, such as education, culture, arts, sports, and tourism. He promised his full support in promoting Taipei and constructing an exchange platform if the City dispatches cultural and arts exchange delegations or international medical service groups to Mongolia.
With the approach of Mayor Ko Wen-jes administrations first anniversary, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) will hold a LINE ON AIR activity on December 22 with the prize of MRT TAIPEI PASS! According to TPEDOIT, an array of new policies have been implemented since Ko assumed office, including the demolition of bus lanes, the promotion of public housing, the establishment of Food Safety Commission, among others. To hear what residents have to say about the city government and their expectations for Mayor Ko, the ON AIR activity invites individuals to leave a message for the mayor during the one-hour session between 12:30 PM and 1 PM on December 22. To participate, please leave your [one-sentence message + name + contact number + address]. A judge panel comprising media representatives will select 100 entries with the most creative messages. Winners will bring home two one-day TAIPEI PASS to enjoy unlimited rides across the MRT system. For more details about the activity, please visit Taipei Travel Net Facebook fan page at (https://www.facebook.com/taipeitravel/?ref=bookmarks)(Chinese) TPEDOIT pointed out that the city government has organized ON AIR activities every month since May in 2014, offering a variety of prizes. For those who have not registered Taipei City Government as their LINE friend, please search the Citys LINE ID @taipei 
Mayor Ko Wen-je inaugurated the citys babysitter matchmaking platform (https://findchildcare.taipei/) during a press event at Xinyi Parent-Child Center on December 15.  Stressing that children are the hope of the future, the mayor noted that the city government has invested various resources into childcare. With the government taking on the responsibility of nanny screening, the platform will offer credibility and assurance for parents seeking childcare service.    According to Ko, Taipei currently boasts 100 private nursery centers, 15 publicly-sponsored and privately-managed childcrae centers, as well as 3 community babysitter units. The city aims to expand the scale of community childrearing service by naming it as one of its priority policies for 2016.  Ko added that the establishment of the matchmaking website embodies his vision to digitize government services. Young parents, mostly from a generation well-acquainted with the Internet, will find it convenient to access a registry comprising 3,325 qualified babysitters through the platform.  The findchildcare.taipei website, operated by Child Welfare League Foundation, offers information on certified nannies such as age, experience, daycare locations, religion, qualifications, service availability, and more.   For inquiries, please call the Taipei City Childcare Resource Center (TEL: 02-2748-6008, ext. 1) or the Department of Social Welfare via the 1999 Citizen Hotline (ext. 1624-1625).
The Department of Transportation (DOT) announced that the number of YouBike rental stations across Taipei City has reached a new milestone! The agency inaugurated four new stations on December 16. These include Fu-an Junior High School, Jihe Phase 1 Public Housing, Guting Junior High School, and Dadaocheng Park stations. The addition of the new facilities brings the total number of YouBike rental stations to 200, with a fleet comprising 6,538 bicycles.The plan of DOT is to complete the construction of 30 stations by the end of 2015. Among the 33 stations completed as of today, 4 stations will soon be opened to the public. The remaining 29 stations will be inaugurated when Taiwan Power Company completes the power supply installation works.Details of the new rental stations are as follows:Fu-an Junior High School Station: Established in response to expectations of residents in Shezidao, the new station meets commuting needs for individuals traveling between Shezidao and Shilin commercial district.Jihe Phase 1 Public Housing: Located at the intersection of Nanjing E. Road and Lane 59 of Xingshan Road, the station serves users traveling between Rainbow Bridge and Songshan Train Station.Guting Junior High School: The new rental station meets the needs for those traveling between the Botanic Garden and the intersection of Guoxing Road and Qingnian Road.Dadaocheng Park: This station is conveniently located next to the Dihua Commercial District and Yongle Fabric Market.For more information regarding YouBike and the new rental stations, please call the 1999 Citizen Hotline, or visit the Chinese websites of DOT (www.dot.taipei.gov.tw) and YouBike (www.youbike.com.tw). 
Mayor Ko Wen-je vowed to crack down on drugs in school campuses during a press conference on December 14. Yuanta Financial Holdings, Paper Windmill Foundation, and Paolyta Charity Foundation will join hands to prevent drugs from entering schools through a series of tour performances starting 2016. According to Ko, the number of third-grade drug abuse cases among youths has jumped by 16.25 times in the past decade, making it a pressing issue for the city government. The police department, under the instruction of the mayor, has beefed up effort to clamp down on substance abuse over the year. However, the problem remains unresolved. This indicated that a different approach  one through education  should be adopted.In light of this, Ko proposes a three-pronged approach to tackle the issue. First, campaigns should seek to raise awareness on the hazardous effects of drug use. Second, a tracking and counselling system should be established to help children under the influence of drugs. Third, the Department of Social Welfare should play a proactive role in the intervention of troubled families and provide assistance for students with behavior problems.   Ko stressed that drug abuse will not only result in health disorders, but also have other implications such as AIDS infection. The city government will integrate health, social welfare, police, and educational resources in the fight against drugs.
In light of a recent incident involving carbon monoxide poisoning of Singaporeans staying at a short-term vacational rental in Taipei, the Department of Legal Affairs issued an advisory reminding consumers to be aware of the risks when reserving vacation lodgings through websites such as Airbnb, AK House, and Trivago. According to chief ombudsman Chen Hsin-cheng, currently the majority of vacational rental suites in Taiwan are illegal, as they do not have registered hotel licenses and have not undergone public and fire safety inspections. Vacationers renting these apartment units do not have any form of assurance and may have problems filing complaints in the case of consumer disputes. Chen pointed out that the headquarters of vacation rental sites such as Airbnb, AK House, Trivago, and Expedia are located abroad. Advertised properties on these websites offer email, Facebook, and Twitter accounts as contact information, but do not provide important data such as company registration, name of owner, contact number, and address. The lack of such vital information may create difficulties for consumers in the case of any dispute.In addition to the aforementioned sites, Chen remarked that many online shopping sites also provide inadequate information regarding sellers. He called upon consumers to review the completeness of such information and select vendors with good credibility records, actively attending consumer dispute mediation meetings, and offering transaction through third-party payment platforms. When encountering consumer disputes, please call the Consumer Hotline (TEL: 1950) for assistance.
Mayor Ko Wen-je embarked on a long-distance bike ride from Taipei to Yunlin in the morning of December 13. The trip aimed to promote Velo-city Global 2016, the event to be hosted by Taipei next year. The mayor visited Guandu Temple in Beitou before setting off to pray for a smooth ride along the journey. He remarked that the distance is not intimidating but to complete the trip in a day poses quite a challenge.Answering media questions about the reason to wear a pair of new shoes for the longest-ever cycling event he has ever participated to market Velo-city Global 2016, Ko noted that the decision was made based on professional advice to select hard sole shoes.   As to whether the plan to meet eight legislative candidates during the journey was a way of showing support, Ko emphasized that the event did not involve political purposes but he welcomed anyone interested to join the ride. 
For the first time, the regeneration of Taipeis parks will be implemented through public participation!Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) announced that Tianhe Park and Tianhe Park No.1 at Tianmu area will undergo revitalization adopting opinions from the public, civil groups, experts, and scholars. The consensus of locals should be reached before any plans are to be carried out.PSLO pointed out that the plan to breathe new life into the two parks was launched to realize the goal of 2016 Design Capital as Taipei seeks to transform old parks into the second-generation parks. The parks boast city-designated historical heritage Fanjing Spring and the ecological system of Yuchaokeng River. The city government plans to preserve the historical and cultural traits of the parks while bolstering their image as places with abundant flora and avian habitats. The invigoration effort also involves river ecological restoration and tree health inspection.     According to PSLO, Tianmu residents have expressed great interest in the regeneration of Tianhe and Tianhe No.1 parks. The agency invited those interested to visit the website dedicated to the project: http://pkl.gov.taipei/np.asp?ctNode=85909&mp=106011 (Chinese), which will provide information regarding meeting minutes, design details, and other follow-up events about the project.To voice your opinion, please contact db-cherry@mail.taipei.gov.tw / 02-23815132, ext. 33 or hsiaoying@skyedesignstudio.com / 02-77303677 
During his address at the opening event for a human rights exhibition, Mayor Ko Wen-je declared April 7 as Taipeis Freedom of Speech Day.The mayor noted that the Road to Freedom  Freedom Lane International Human Rights Outdoor Exhibition seeks to express two concepts. One of the concepts is education, hoping that the showcase can serve as historical material teaching the public about our predecessors and their quest for freedom and democracy. The second meaning of the exhibition is to remember a past  the location where Cheng Nan-jung committed self-immolation. He recalled visiting the floor of the building in person, noting how the smell of burning remains notable even after two decades. This reminds us that democracy is not given as a gift, but something that has been won through the sacrifice of many people.According to the mayor, he would tell his students at National Taiwan University during his days as a professor stories from his elementary school years. For example, kids believed that the president would always be Chiang, not believing it possible to have presidents with other surnames. While students from todays generation may find the concept to be unbelievable, he explained that democracy gradually incorporates the unthinkable into a part of our daily routine. He stressed that such development does not occur naturally and is only possible through the sacrifice of many predecessors.Ko noted that the main reason for declaring April 7 Freedom of Speech Day is to serve both educational and historical purposes. From the perspective of education, he hopes that everyone will inspect the past, treasure the present, and look into the future. From the historical perspective, he hopes that the public can remember how todays democracy and freedom is made possible through the sacrifice of our forefathers. 
The Foreign and Disabled Labor Office (FDLO) will join hands with Taipei City Hospital and Tzu Chi International Medical Association in holding the fifth session of the 2015 healthcare program for foreign laborers on December 13 at Taipei Main Station (area between West Gate 1 and North 3). The event starts at 1 PM.According to Labor Commissioner Lai Hsiang-lin, Taipei has a foreign worker population of 43,815. Among these, 90-percent work in the field of household caregiving. As this population constitutes an important part of the citys labor force, the city government has the responsibility to help them address health issues.In light of this, Department of Labor has organized free health checkup for the group since 2004, providing medical consultation service without language barriers. Lai also urged employers to grant leaves for the foreign laborers, allowing them to relieve their physical and mental stress. The upcoming session offers general health examination, as well as special clinics in the areas of ophthalmology, dermatology, otolaryngology, internal medicine, gynecology, orthopaedics, psychosomatics, and Chinese medicine.Interested individuals can visit the Chinese FDLO website (http://www.fd.gov.taipei/) for more information, or call (02)2559-8518, ext. 5212.
Looking for second-hand office equipment at an affordable price? Come visit Shwoo to find a bargain while contributing to the environment by maximizing the use of resources. Taipei Shwoo Net (http://shwoo.gov.taipei), an auction website dedicated to the sale of second-hand government assets, is managed by Taipei City Secured Small Loans Service (SSLS). The site has attracted over 7.64 million visitors since its launch in 2008, completing transactions of more than 104,000 items with a combined value of NT$274 million. The platform seeks to promote the virtue of cherishing goods while increasing revenues for the public purse.According to SSLS, the merchandise on Shwoo comes in a wide variety, spanning computer and other hardware, office equipment, to the most sought-after used vehicles. Items used as collateral for secured loans provided by the agency will also be put up on the website for sale, including diamond rings, digital cameras, and more.  With the agencys effort in promoting cross-municipality cooperation, a total of 47 local and central government units have joined the ranks of sellers on Shwoo, offering more than 3,116 articles for bidding.   SSLS encourages those interested in exploring available products to register for membership on Shwoo with their email account or mobile phone number. Successful bidders can inspect the goods theyve purchased at the respective institutions where the goods are located before completing the transaction. 
A delegation consisting of legislators from the Canadian Province of British Columbia arrived at city hall on December 9 for an official visit. The group of 5 legislative assembly members, headed by BC Liberal Partys Don McRae, met with Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang and other city officials.Many among the members of the delegation serve cabinet positions in domains spanning family development, health, and finance.On behalf of Mayor Ko Wen-je, Deputy Mayor Chou welcomed the dignitaries to Taiwan. The two sides discussed topics ranging from education, cultural affairs, and tourism collaborations.This is the first trip of delegation members to Taiwan. With Taipei as their last stop on the island, the legislators noted that they are very impressed with the citys integration of traditional and modern elements, as well as with its role as a riverside city and its friendly populace.British Columbia is located on the west coast of Canada and serves as the nations gateway to the Asia Pacific Region. Chou mentioned that Taipei is promoting a program of international student exchange with both Canada and the United States. As of today, 14 high school/vocational students from Taipei have visited public high schools in Campbell River through the program. As the fifth-place international trade partner of the Canadian province, Taipei has strong trade relations with British Columbia. Chou briefed the delegates on Taipeis edge in areas such as human resource, capital, technology, and competitive enterprises. Its geographical location in Asia and its role in the Chinese cultural sphere makes it a top choice for many professional businesspeople. 
With Taipeis proactive implementation of its Farm City policies, the city government is also looking abroad to draw foreign experience by inviting urban agriculture specialist Lee Kang-oh from Seoul to share his expertise on how to reinvent Taipei as a green capital.  Lee, having worked for Seoul Green Trust Foundation, is currently the president of Seoul Gran Park. He will be visiting a number of Taipeis most iconic community gardens, school plant plots, and farmers markets, as well as exchanging opinions with city officials, NGOs, and local experts during his sojourn in the capital. He believes that farming is a key element in the pursuit of a sustainable city.On December 6, the South Korean dignitary delivered a speech covering topics spanning greenification and urban agriculture development of international cities at the 2015 Garden Landscaping and Green Rooftop Design Exhibition at Taipei Expo Park. A series of talks surrounding the topics of neighborhood greening, rooftop farms, and urban beekeeping have also been conducted, attracting local attendees. Seoul began the implementation of urban agriculture policies in 2012. Its effort has borne fruit over the years, with agricultural land area increasing from 29 to 118 hectares between 2012 and 2014. The South Korean capital has set an ambitious goal to expand the farmland fivefold by 2018, to ensure that residents can access any of the available plots within a 10-minute walk.Taipei, following a year-long promotion, has seen the public adopt a total of 19 plots. It also established 270 vegetable gardens at schools and on the rooftops of public buildings. Citizens are encouraged to learn how to cultivate crops in the urban environment while raising awareness for environmental sustainability.
To provide families, pregnant women, and travelers with baby carriages a friendly environment, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) will be setting up a family-friendly zone on trains operating on Songshan-Xindian line starting Saturday, December 12.The new approach built upon similar policies such as priority seats and priority elevators, hoping to nurture the culture of creating a friendly travel environment for passengers with special needs. Preparations such as placement of stickers identifying the zone on train carriages began after operation hours on December 8.According to TRTC, the family-friendly zone will be located in the area between train 3 and 4, comprising 24 seats in total (excluding priority seats). The area will be clearly marked by a sticker resembling a heart shape in pink. The corresponding gates and floor before the gate are also identified with similar labels.TRTC welcomes parents or grandparents with children or baby carriages  as well as pregnant women  to take advantage of this friendly zone.To ensure that travelers needs are met, the MRT Songshan-Xindian Line has been chosen for test implementation of the policy. Based on the results, the agency will consider expanding the policy to other lines.For more information, please call the TRTC 24-hour Hotline: (02) 218-12345 or visit the Chinese website: http://www.metro.taipei/  
With Christmas just around the corner, Taipei Water Park is holding a month-long festival between December 5 and 31, featuring the theme of snow and ice crystals.According to Taipei Water Department, Taipei Water Museum will transform into a castle from a fantasy snow world with the help of illumination effects. Through light projection, snowflakes will fall from the sky and cover the exteriors of the building, bringing an icy atmosphere to the park.In addition to the lighting projections, a wall comprising nearly 1 thousand poinsettia bonsais will be installed, in front of reindeers and sleigh props to allow visitors to pose for a photograph. The cake fountain will also be decorated with Christmas flowers and will be converted into a huge Christmas tree at night against a background of snowball lights, icicles, and ice cubes at the entrance plaza.The Christmas festival will reach a climax in the evening of December 19, when a concert featuring bands such as KurumiQ and the Lighters will take the stage before the event concludes with a finale by NTNU Band playing some all-time favorites. Taipei Water Park will offer free admission on the day of the concert. The night will also spotlight massage service and interactive sessions with Santa Claus. To learn more about Christmas activities at the water park, please visit the Chinese website of Taipei Water Park (http://waterpark.water.taipei/) or call (02)8733-5678. 
With the approach of Christmas, Taipei Flower Market will be furnishing the surroundings of Hall A and B for the month of December. Over thousands of Christmas bonsai decorations will herald the 2015 Flower Blessing activities. For the kick-off ceremony on December 12, the organizer will invite dignitaries to sound the Christmas Bell of Peace, announcing the start of the Christmas season for Taipei Flower Market.Between December 12 and 20, the Facebook fan page of Taipei Flower Market will hold an online raffle event. Individuals who upload a picture of the Christmas bonsai exhibition at Taipei Flower Market to the institutions fan page are eligible to take part in the raffle. On December 19 and 20, Taipei Flower Market will hold a charity event Flower Blessing  Love and Warmth to encourage the public to donate cold weather apparel (scarves, gloves, beanies, and wool socks) and a card conveying best wishes. For each charity Christmas apparel set received, the organizer will present the donor with a 3-inch-tall poinsettia. In addition to the donations, an additional 100 units of poinsettia will be forwarded to charity organizations between December 21 and 24. Taipei Flower Market hopes that the charity event will spread the message of love, hope, and happiness during the holiday season.
With the 21st session of the Conference of the Parties (COP21) currently being held in Paris to address climate change, the United Cities and Local Governments (UCLG) took to the opportunity to join hands with Paris City Government in hosting the Climate Summit for Local Leaders on December 4.On behalf of Taipei City Government, Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang attended the summit, which saw a thousand representatives from 150 countries voicing their support for the Paris City Hall Declaration and 21 Climate Change Solutions. Chou pointed out that consensus has been reached among the participants to set a more ambitious carbon emission reduction target than the one established for 2015 to formulate a concrete strategy to tackle potential natural disasters in 2020 to reduce the amount of greenhouse gas emission by 1 billion tons a year by 2030 to speed up the transition into 100% green energy by 2050 and to establish climate change action alliances incorporating both public and private sectors.In addition, Chou reckoned that the 21 Climate Change Solutions will focus on the theme of adapt, curb, and engage. Topics of discussions include water resource management disaster control constructing an adaptive city health and disease management awareness and education finances and insurance environmental refugees energy efficiency renewable energy green spaces food supply chain urban agriculture innovative governance sharing platform international city network regional initiatives, and more.  As a representative of Taipei City, the deputy mayor also took the opportunity to engage in city diplomacy. She invited the mayor of Seoul to visit Taipei, discussed bilateral cooperation in vocational education with the mayor of Berlin, and explored cultural exchange possibilities with the deputy mayor of Paris. 
On December 6, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited the 2015 Garden Landscaping and Green Rooftop Design Exhibition at the Expo Dome inside Taipei Expo Park.The 2015 Garden Landscaping and Green Rooftop Design Exhibition will last until December 13. The nine-day-long show is free of charge, and attracted over 10,000 visitors on the opening day alone.The showcase focuses on the landscaping aspect of garden cities and green rooftop design. The scale of the majority of design works is similar to those of typical households, allowing visitors to use as reference for their home design. In addition, there is also a grass field at the event venue demonstrating four aspects of greening efforts based on the following themes: Natural Landscape, Vertical Greening, Urban Purification, and Edible Landscaping.The mayor praised the design works, noting that creating a Garden City has always been one of the objectives of city government. Hopefully, visitors at the exhibition can use these design as references for their households, thereby encouraging the development of green buildings across the city.For more information on the showcase, please visit the Chinese website of the Taipei Expo Park: http://www.taipei-expopark.tw Event: 2015 Garden Landscaping and Green Rooftop Design ExhibitionDate: Saturday, December 5  Sunday, December 13, 2015Time: 10 AM  6 PMVenue: Expo Dome, Taipei Expo ParkTheme: Garden City, Innovative Regeneration
To allow people with disabilities to join the revelers at the Taipei Countdown Party at Civic Plaza, the Department of Social Welfare (DSW) announced that registration is available for accessible seating starting December 7.   DSW noted that the Countdown Party will kick-off at 7 PM on December 31 in front of City Hall. The designated zone for the disabled is located at the intersection of Renai Road and Keelung Road. The area spans 70 pings and has a capacity for 170 participants, including 85 disabled people and their companions.  Those who walk with crutches, wheelchair-bound, visually-impaired, mentally-disabled, or suffering from autism can sign up for a seat to watch the dazzling performances and fireworks spectacle to bid farewell to the year of 2015.  Registration runs from December 7 (9 AM) through December 11 (5 PM). Those interested can either sign up online (http://www.dosw.gov.taipei/) or call DSW at (02)27597728 or 27597729 to apply via fax.  The results will be published on DSWs Chinese website on December 16. Applicants will be notified by email or phone.   
With the arrival of cold spell this winter, residents are encouraged to exercise prudence from the purchase of home heaters to the usage of the equipment. The Fire Department (TFD) suggests safety awareness and operation procedures as tips to enjoying a warm environment during the Christmas holidays.According to TFD, before reactivating a heater stored away since last winter, users should thoroughly clean the main body, vent, and electric cord of the machine to ensure that the majority of dust particles have been removed. Furthermore, inspecting the exterior of the machine for cracks and damages is important  especially be on the lookout for rat bite damages on the electric cord.It is also important to note that electric heaters should be connected to outlets directly instead of extension cords, as the equipment is a device with high electricity consumption and should avoid sharing power supplies with other home appliances. If users notice any obvious burnt smell during usage, they should immediately take the heater to the home appliance company for a checkup.When considering the purchase of heaters, TFD suggests picking one with the BSMI (Bureau of Standard, Metrology, and Inspection) arrow mark. Consumers should also be aware of whether extra care is required for operations of the specific device, such as ensuring adequate ventilation for kerosene heaters or keeping heaters with quartz tube or ceramic plate parts away from combustible materials to minimize the risk of fires. TFD reminds the public to read the instruction manual before using heaters  especially for families with kids or senior citizens, paying special attention to the warning listed to minimize chances for disasters.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the rite of placing a beam atop the athletes village for 2017 Taipei Universiade as a way to pray for smooth construction of the project on December 2. During his address, Ko expressed his gratitude to contract developers for working in full swing to meet construction schedule. With less than two years before the international sports event opens, he asked all parties involved to spare no effort in ensuring the construction is completed on time and on quality. The project, the land of which is provided by Construction and Planning Agency of Ministry of the Interior, will be used as public housing following the conclusion of Taipei Universiade. Taipei and New Taipei city governments will be responsible for the leasing and sale of the property, seeking to address the issue of insufficient dwelling places in northern Taiwan.The mayor reckoned that the athletes village plays a key role in the sports event as it will accommodate an estimated 10,000 participating athletes. Citing the lesson learned from the trip to Gwangju Universiade of South Korea, he also stressed the importance of sound operations in addition to well-constructed infrastructure.Answering media questions concerning the management of the public housing units, Ko noted that the plans have yet to be finalized and negotiations are required with both the central and Taipei City government. 
"<!-- .style1 {color: #000000} -->  To mark the end of 2015, the Farmers Market at Taipei Expo Park will be organizing a series of activity during the Christmas season in December. Starting the weekend of December 5, there will be a special sales event spotlighting tomatoes and melons from Tainan. In addition to a ceremony marking the start of the 2015 Annong Sausage Festival, there will be a mini-concert, special sausage sales, and a mini-game at the stalls where the winner gets to enjoy one serving of the great-tasting Annong sausage on Saturday and Sunday! Between December 19 and 20, the farmers market will spotlight events promoting quality Taiwan tea and products such as oranges and winter tea from Chiayi. Kids also have a chance to bring home poinsettia during the afternoon giveaway! For more information on the upcoming events at the Taipei Expo Park Farmers Market, please visit our Chinese Facebook page (search: ) or the Chinese activity website: http://www.expofarmersmarket.gov.taipei  Farmers Market Activity in December     Time   Schedule   Time   Details       12/5 (Sat.)   12/6 (Sun.)     Xin Daan  Flying Pig Carnival/Tainan Tomatoes and Melons     14:0-15:00   2015 Annong Sausage Festival  Opening Ceremony   14:30   Fun and Games     15:00-16:00   Sausage and Wine Concert     16:35   Fun and Games   16:00-17:00   Music Feast 			Guitar Performance     12/12 (Sat.)   12/13 (Sun.)            Great Taipei Tea  Drinking Tea Fun at Yuanshan Expo Park     14:30   Fun Game  Lets Find Tea      16:00-17:00   Music Feast Fengshen sax       12/19 (Sat.)   12/20 (Sun.)      Taiwan Tea Promotion-Quality Taiwan Tea/Chiayi Oranges and Winter Tea Showcase      10:00-10:30   Introduction to Taiwans Quality Tea      11:00-11:30   Opening Ceremony for Taiji Tea Banquet      13:00   Poinsettia: Bring it Home!50/day, limited to kids under 12       14:00-14:30   Introduction to Taiwans Quality Tea      14:30   Fun and Games      15:00-15:30   Introduction to Taiwans Quality Tea      16:00-17:00   Music Feast-Huacui Band       12/26 (Sat.)   12/27 (Sun.)      Chinese Date Exhibition/Gongliao Abalone      14:30   Fun and Games      "
Looking for information about the location and whats on at Discovery Center of Taipei or the Plum Garden? The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) announced that the city government has launched the 360-degree panoramic virtual tour for the two tourist attractions. In collaboration with iClick, the new service allows users to browse panoramic views of the interiors of both Discovery Center of Taipei and Beitous Plum Garden. The service integrates technology employed by Google.In the age of information explosion, internet users often look up the places they plan on visiting beforehand. By typing the keywords  (Discovery Center of Taipei) or  (Plum Garden) on Google search engine or Google Map, users will be able to access the street views and take a virtual tour inside the venues.To see more views of the two venues, visit (https://goo.gl/ZGdVN5) and (https://goo.gl/jVeVzv). To learn more about the islands tourist attractions and major facilities in 360-degree view, visit (www.viewtaiwan.com).  
The once-a-year Huajiang Bridge Waterfowl Season is here again! The Animal Protection Office (APO) is joining hands with the Huajiang Wetland Guardian Alliance (HWGA) to organize the event, with an opening ceremony slated for December 5.According to the Department of Economic Development, the theme this year will be LOHAS Wetland, Sustaining Health which combines local religious pilgrimage culture with fairs and will feature exciting stage events and airing of documentaries on wetland ecology. APO pointed out that the organizers have included evaluations for a local temple parade event, hoping that such customs will be able to be held on a greater scale  even with its own carnival  to attract more attention from the community on the Huajiang wetlands. Starting in September of each year, waterfowls from Siberia arrive at the Huajiang wetlands for the winter, returning to their northern dwellings during springtime in the following year. To welcome these guests, APO has completed the habitat remediation works in the waterfowl reserve spanning two hectares. A survey conducted in October this year recorded the arrival of over 6,000 waterfowls spanning 106 bird species in the Huajiang area. These include grey herons, Eurasian teals, mallards, black-winged stilts, and more.For more information, please contact HWGA (0937-545875, Chairman Fan) or APO (8789-7158, ext. 7022, Mr. Lin).
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the kick-off ceremony for a pilgrimage group and the donation of fire alarms at the Songshan Cihui Temple on November 29.During his address, the mayor expressed his gratitude to the temple for donating 10,000 fire alarms to the city government. He remarked that he is aware of the continuous contribution by the temple to the society. Last year alone, Songshan Cihui Temple donated two firetrucks, nine ambulances, and four paratransit vehicles. In the past, it also donated 5,000 home fire alarms, bearing witness to the temples charity efforts.According to the mayor, studies on fire accident conducted by Taipei City over the years show that the installation of fire alarms in old building apartments under six floors makes a difference. While fire alarms have no effect in reducing the possibility of fire, the device helps to improve survival rates. The loud noise emitted by the alarm will allow the majority of inhabitants to know that theres a fire and flee the building at the first moment. He remarked that Taipei City Government has installed over 50,000 fire alarms over the years. With the addition of 10,000 more alarms, he believes that the donation will help strengthen fire safety for the City.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the result presentation of the city-sponsored oversea vocational training and cultural exchange program on November 30.During his address, Ko observed that the islands foreign workers outnumber unemployed people, a fact that can be attributed to structural unemployment. The skills gap has reached a point where Taiwan must take measures to transform local occupational education.   This year, students from Nangang Vocational High School and Shilin High School of Commerce embarked on trips to Germany and Japan in three groups to study mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, and commercial design.Ko noted that the city government highly supports high school students to take part in study programs abroad for the purposes of acquiring techniques while learning about cultures of other countries. Such experience will not only help them broaden their visions but also serve as a way to make Taipei an international city with a global vision.After listening to the presentations, the mayor showed great interest in the models made by the students, inquiring them about the motivations and process behind their works. Ko reckoned that the city government will conduct evaluations of the oversea study achievements and consider whether to expand the scale of such projects.
Mayor Ko Wen-je graced Taipei City Government booth at the 2015 IT Month. The annual event promoting the latest IT products and services opened at TWTC Hall 1 on November 28. During his stopover, Ko experienced the booths Smart City, 3D Taipei motion sensor technology by riding a YouBike through virtual landmarks and tourist attractions of the city displayed on the screen. He also visited the different zones showcasing a wide range of ICT achievements, including iTAP city cloud and Hackathon promoting the development of energy saving applications, among other projects and services. The Taipei City Government booth is divided into Smart Infrastructure, Smart Citizens, and Smart Government sections, featuring newly-launched civil services and interactive activities to promote a convenient lifestyle. Between November 28 and December 6, those who visit the citys booth (No.A630) and participate in games as well as quizzes about intelligent Taipei services can bring home souvenirs.In addition, the Department of Information Technology invites the public to take part in the online campaign introducing the mascot of the agency230and what the citys has been working on to enhance local IT services. Between November 27 and December 15, participants who complete the questionnaires at http://event.taipei (Chinese) and share the information on their Facebook pages will have a chance of winning attractive prizes spanning Surface 3, ASUS Zenpad, waffle maker, and Bluetooth watch!To learn more about 2015 IT Month and the 230 campaign, visit http://www.itmonth.org.tw/rwd/ and http://event.taipei (Chinese).  
In light of the lingering issue of Shezidaos development, Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived at the community to take part in a homestay on November 27. He stressed that the primary objective of the homestay is to demonstrate the citys resolve in dealing with Shezidaos problems. Arriving at the homestay location at 4 PM, the mayor immediately set out to learn more about the problem of one door number serving multiple households. He also stopped by Shung Hung Corporation, a company that specializes in the manufacturing of chairs, to learn about local industry environment.The mayor noted that any small matter for residents should be treated as major concern by the government. Throughout the process of developing Shezidao, everyone will encounter their respective challenges. The important thing is that there must be a contact window, to collect questions that could be discussed during the meetings at the mayors office. Regarding the postponement of i-voting implementation to after Chinese New Year in 2016, the mayor stressed that the main reason is that there are still many problems, and he believes that the voting would be pointless if locals have not been thoroughly informed. Therefore, he prefers that the residents acquire a better picture of the issues before they vote.The mayor enjoyed a dinner in front of the local religious center. His dinner, a typical meal of gratitude commonly seen during religious occasions, is the food dedicated as offering to the deities which is later provided to temple visitors, symbolizing the gods blessings.During the meeting with local residents, Urban Development Commissioner Lin Jou-min presented three proposals in his presentation. The mayor stressed that his main purpose is to hear what locals have to say. Apologizing for the forty-five-year-long ban on development, Ko promised to use the most effort to solve the problem posed by the building restriction.
In light of the sudden drop in temperature, the Department of Health (DOH) reminds the public to stay warm to minimize the risks of heart attack and stroke as a result of poor blood flow. DOH suggests that people adopt the following measures to keep warm and healthy in cold weather. 1. Put on clothing before getting out of bed. Ensure good blood circulation at all times. Wear gloves, socks, hats, and scarves when needed.2. Maintain a balanced diet. Avoid heavily-flavored, high-cholesterol, and greasy food. Consume more vegetables, fruit, and whole grain food. 3. Exercise regularly. Do not attempt to go outdoors for exercise in cold weather. Warm up thoroughly before exercising.4. Take your blood pressure on a regular basis. Patients with cardiovascular diseases should take medications and check their blood pressure within an hour after getting out of bed.5. Get sufficient sleep to improve your immune system and avoid excessive drinking.6. Avoid smoking or exposure to second-hand smoke.7. When utilizing hot springs, patients with cardiovascular diseases and senior citizens should not remain in the bath for more than 15 minutes. After the soaking, do not leave the bath abruptly, or switch back-and-forth between hot and cold baths. Avoid personal baths make sure you are accompanied at all times. Hot bath is not recommended immediately after meals or after alcohol consumption.Individuals who develop the following symptoms should seek medical attention immediately: - pain, tightness, or pressure in your chest - pain spreading to the arm breathing difficulty - nausea, extreme fatigue - dizziness. DOH reminds residents to take advantage of the health monitoring stations at the citys twelve administrative offices. With a Taipei Card or EasyCard, one can have his/her biological data taken and stored on the cloud to enable monitoring of his/her health status. For more information, please call 1999 Citizen Hotline, Extension 7115 or visit DOH website at http://health.gov.taipei (Chinese) 
Environmental Protection Commissioner Liou Ming-lone has submitted a letter of protest on behalf of Taipei City Government to the Compact of Mayors, Local Governments for Sustainability (ICLEI), and the Carbonn website over a news release on the aforementioned website. The article, published on November 25, included a list of 20 local governments complying with the Compacts measures on carbon reduction. However, the announcement placed Taipei and four other cities in Taiwan under China.Mayor Ko Wen-je noted that Taipei City became a member of ICLEI in 2007. Through international exchange, the City commits itself to the reduction of its carbon emission. The City also joined the Compact of Mayors in collaboration with cities around the world to respond to the impact of global climate change. Through its efforts, Taipei City achieved the status of full Compact Compliance, fulfilling the requirements including registration, compliance reporting, establishment of reduction target, and action plan. The City Government expressed its gratitude for the approval by the alliance. Ko emphasized that the Taipei City will continue to uphold its role as a member of the global community in reducing carbon emission to help reduce the impact of climate change.The mayor pointed out that the city government joined ICLEI, Carbonn, and Compact of Mayors under Chinese Taipei. He noted that the news release, which listed the city under China (including mainland, Hong Kong, Macau, Chinese Taipei) is obviously a mistake. Ko called upon the Compact of Mayors to make the necessary corrections, ensuring Taipeis participation in the organizations future activities.
The 2015 Chinese yam season is here! Dubbed Chinese Yam Generation, the festival will kick-off in retro style at the Taipei Expo Farmers Market this weekend (November 28 and 29)! The Department of Economic Development (DED) pointed out that the opening activities will introduce a rural atmosphere to the scene which features Shilin Yangmingshan Chinese yam delicacies, as well as games evoking nostalgia.  As a part of the festival, a series of Chinese yam-themed events will take place starting December. The organizers will arrange one-day tours to yam fields in Yangmingshan on the following dates: December 3, 8, 10, and 15. A sales event/exhibition of yam products will be held at Jianguo Holiday Flower Market on December 5 and 6. In addition, gourmands should not miss out on the opportunity to reserve a meal consisting of banquet-style yam dishes at Taipei Flower Village slated for December 12. Registration for the tour-and-feast package is available at http://shilin.naffic.org.tw/ (Chinese) starting 12 noon on November 25.This year, Shilin District Office joined hands with Taipei City Office of Commerce to incorporate some of the best-known restaurants in offering delicacies using Yangmingshan yam. Get a taste of the in-season vegetable at Caesar Park Taipei, Easy House, Full Want, Honey Bakery, and Teng Xiang Hou Gong tofu pudding! 
To allow residents of greater Taipei to enjoy convenient access to public bus information, Taipei City Government (TCG) and New Taipei City Government (NTCG) collaborated in establishing a new website offering the latest updates on bus routes running within the two municipalities. The website went live on November 25, heralding a new age of real-time public bus info for passengers.Having set up their respective bus information websites in 2004, these predecessors boast access number exceeding 3.5 million users on a daily basis. This demonstrates the growing importance of public bus services for the residents of both municipalities.Taipei and New Taipei worked together in 2012 to develop real-time bus information systems. Currently, the results of the collaboration  including intelligent bus stops and the toll-free bus info hotline  allow passengers to acquire accurate arrival time of buses at the bus stops. However, due to the lack of integration between the respective bus information systems, the traffic authorities occasionally receive reports of different arrival time shown on the two systems for the same bus. To minimize such inconsistencies, the two municipalities began working on integration of the two e-bus websites to provide users with accurate and timely bus information. The new Greater Taipei e-Bus Website is the result of this collaboration.The new website is available online on a trial basis starting November 25. Both TCG and NTCG invite the public to try out the service and offer suggestions and comments regarding user experience for future reference with respect to possible adjustments.Link 1: ebus.gov.taipei Link 2: ebus.ntpc.gov.tw 
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that five more MRT stations will be offering coin locker service starting today. The facilities have been newly installed at the following MRT stations: Beimen, Ximen, Dongmen, Taipei 101/World Trade Center, and Sanchong.Equipped with electronic locks, the storage cabinets are available for use during operating hours of MRT stations. There will be no access to the lockers after the closing time of the respective stations. For security reasons, TRTC will intensify patrols around locker areas and strengthen monitoring by surveillance cameras. The storage compartments will come in two sizes. The large-size lockers are spacious enough to hold a big suitcase. The numbers of lockers at the five MRT stations: 48 (Beimen), 64 (Ximen), 48 (Dongmen), 32 (Taipei 101/WTC), and 38 (Sanchong).The storage fee is calculated by the hour the fee for small lockers is NT$10 per hour and NT$20 per hour for large ones. The minimal charge for using the coin locker is one hour. TRTC reminds the public that the lockers are designated for short-term use only. Items left for more than 24 hours will be removed from the locker. Unclaimed belongings will be disposed of in accordance with Civil Code regulations after 30 days. Access to the locker is limited to once with one password.  To report loss of your stored item(s), please call the management company at 02-27253996. For more information, please call TRTC 24-hour customer hotline at 02-218-12345. 
Control Yuan members Bau Tzong-ho, Wang Mei-yu, and Chang Kuei-mei arrived at the construction site of Taipei Dome for an inspection visit on November 24. Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji explained that following the visit, the guests from the Control Yuan have acquired a better understanding of the procedures of work suspension, as well as expressing their approval to the city governments open and transparent approach.The deputy mayor noted that the overall inspection earlier in the day went smoothly. The primary purpose of the visit by the Control Yuan members was in response to a complaint filed by an association of contractors and Farglory Group. They hope to learn more about the suspension of Taipei Dome constructions and process related to restarting works, and whether the city government is just and fair in its dealings with these matters.Teng stressed that the major reason for the suspension of works is over 79 listed faults related to the construction project. He suggested that the three sides should sit down and discuss the process, since all parties seek to restart constructions and complete the building as soon as possible. The city government retains an open attitude towards the project. Referring to the details on resuming constructions, the deputy mayor noted that Farglory should begin the process by submitting the application. The application will be reviewed by the Taiwan Architecture and Building Center, the Taipei City Urban Design Commission, and environmental impact assessment before permission can be granted. The procedure is clear-cut, and each party has its respective roles during each stage.Deputy Mayor Teng noted that the two major issues being reviewed include the building emergency evacuation and the part related to the Citys comprehensive disaster prevention scheme. The process will be open to the public, and Farglory is welcome to provide opinions through their representatives at these events.
Taipei City Government delegation, led by Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang, concluded its three-day visit to Matsuyama City of Ehime Prefecture on November 22. The two cities will seek to develop collaborative ties spanning hot spring, agriculture, aquaculture, and creative industries.According to Chou, Matsuyama is a leading city in the use of solar power among other forms of green energy in Japan. As Taipei has its eyes on promoting smart and green industries, it will work to establish cooperation links with Matsuyama as well as Freiburg of Germany.In addition, Ehimes Imabari City is located along Shimanami Kaido ExpresswayJapans only cycling path that strides across islands with bridges. In light of this, Taipei and Imabari will join hands to promote cycling tourism between the two municipalities. With Imbari boasting a lions share of Japans towel market, Taipei Business District & Industrial Confederation President Chou Shui-mei also explored opportunities to introduce the high quality towel products to the capital of the island. Other highlights of this trip include marketing of agricultural products and flowers from the two sides. Taipei and Matsuyama also laid the foundation for development of bilateral relationship in terms of education, sports, and tourism.  
To mark both the 2nd anniversary of the launch of Taipei City Government account on LINE App in December and the achievement of 500,000 friends milestone, the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) will be holding an ON AIR activity offering convenient store coupons on November 27! Between 12:30 PM and 1:30 PM, individuals who participate in the quiz based on questions from the November edition Taipei Pictorial will have a chance of bringing home prizes! The question is: What is the title at the bottom of the publications cover? Answers: A  B  C To enter, please provide your answer, name, contact number, and email via LINE. The activity promises 100 prizes, including convenience store vouchers (each worth NT$500) and tourism-themed books. For those who havent registered Taipei City Government as their LINE friend, please scan the Taipei City Government QR code, shown on ads inside MRT trains or station lightboxes. They can also look up the Citys LINE ID by searching for @taipei. TPEDOIT noted that the November edition Taipei Pictorial provides a plethora of recommended autumn tours catering to families, singles, and lovers. To learn more about the publication, please visit http://goo.gl/txm6Ld (Chinese)  
On November 21, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the coming-of-age ceremony for young men and women at Taipei Confucius Temple.During his address, the mayor encouraged the group of 18-year-old participants to hold on to their victory-seeking genes. While they may appear to own nothing, they are not bounded by past experiences and have much more space to exercise their potentials.Citing his own experience as an example, Ko noted that he moved from a newbie in politics to become the mayor of Taipei City. According to the mayor, sometimes having nothing could be an advantage by itself. Starting out with nothing means that one has no burden and is not bounded by past experience, allowing one to try out different approaches. Innovation is a duty of the disadvantaged, remarked Ko.Ko noted that opinion surveys conducted during the initial phase of the mayoral election indicated that his public support was only half of his rivals. Unless he came up with an unconventional strategy, there wasnt much possibility to win the race. He hopes that the young men and women in the audience will find an opportunity to travel abroad and contemplate about what they can mimic or learn. After all, Taiwan is not the most advanced nation in the world, and there is still much to learn.The mayor also recalled his cycling journey from Taipei to Hsinchu last week. With the exception of professional cyclists, the first two hours of the trip will be a challenge to ones stamina, while the remaining time will be a contest of will. He asked the audience to think about whether they have the desire to win. Citing the long and dangerous voyage of ancestors crossing the Taiwan Strait, he lamented that today we have lost the spirit of a seafaring nation. Ko hopes that the people will pick up their courage again and explore the uncharted future.He concluded his speech with the following quote: Right now, youre what you do. Be yourself.
Mayor Ko Wen-jo presented certificates of appreciation to a number of community representatives and teachers at a Farmers Feast event marking the achievement of the citys effort to promote agricultural education on November 19. Ko expressed his gratitude to those who are dedicated to advancing the cause of Farm Cityone of the major policies of the city government. He hopes that with the continuous support from the public, Taipei will transform itself from a concrete jungle into a verdant city teeming with green power.To carry out the objective of Farm City, agricultural education are being introduced to schools and communities. The city has seen elementary and junior high schools engage in planting activities, while community colleges and NGOs are the drive of agricultural programs in neighborhoods. The mayor made a case for community participation for the success of government policies. Through dissemination of farming information and techniques, residents will be motivated to grow flowers and vegetables--eventually realizing the goal of a truly Farm City.
Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang met with a Japanese delegation from Hokkaidos Bibai City at city hall on November 18. The dignitaries and Taipei City officials exchanged opinions on tourism incorporating attractions such as wetlands and cycling.   According to Chou, Miyajima-numa of Bibai is a recognized wetland of international importance by Ramsar Convention, while Taipeis Guandu Nature Park is listed by the Convention as a role model of wetland education center. The two cities will join hands in promoting wetland and waterfowl conservation, along with biking events.The deputy mayor also invited the Bibai delegation to participate in the Velo-city Conference to be hosted by Taipei between February 27 and March 1 in 2016. The agenda includes a forum on February 28 discussing how cycling contributes to sustainable tourism with enormous commercial opportunities. On his part, Bibai City Mayor Takahashi Mikio noted that the Hokkaido city is actively engaged in promoting cycling tourism in an attempt to stimulate economic growth in a city struggling with ageing population and out migration. He will be sharing Bibais experience in planning bicycle sightseeing programs in the Velo-city event.Chou reckoned that cities have their own traits and thus different ways of promoting bicycle as a form of transportation and recreation. With Taipei and Bibai sharing the characteristics of wetland ecology systems, the two will seek to work closely on cycling tourism and city travel. 
The brand new Education Information Center at Huajiang Waterfowl Nature Park will be open to the public starting this weekend! To celebrate this important moment, the Animal Protection Office (APO) will join Taipei Municipal Dali Senior High School and Huajiang Wetlands Guardian Alliance in organizing a series of opening activities between 9 AM and 4:30 PM on November 21.According to APO, the Huajiang Waterfowl Nature Park comprises wetland habitats closest to Taipei City. This area fulfills environmental, educational, research, and leisure needs of local communities. The education information center allows the strengthening of environmental education among visiting students and youths, helping to nurture a new generation of environmentally-conscious citizens.The agency pointed out that the newly inaugurated facility provides an overview and guide of the natural environment in the park. Visitors can learn more about the biodiversity and wildlife in the surrounding area.On the day of the opening, there will be a fair and a seminar on local ecology at the park. Visitors will have a chance to bring home souvenirs by taking part in activities at the fair.
Seeking to learn more about the origins of Taipei? The Taipei City Office of Commerce (TCOOC) will offer a guided tour around Bangka starting at 2 PM on November 21. The program allows participants to explore the cultural charms of the historical block.According to TCOOC Director Tsai Tsung-hsiung, the Usual Glamorous Self of Bangka tour starts at Wanhua Station. Winding through the streets of the Wanhua District, participants will visit the Lins Mansion, Renji Nursing Home, Herbal Lane, Dali garment business area, movable type printing presses, among other tourist attractions. At a relaxing pace, participants can immerse themselves in an atmosphere evoking nostalgic memories of old Taipei, while having the opportunity to comb through the context of traditional industry development of the district. Through recounting the stories of Bangka, the journey will also serve to rekindle thinking over how the old district can transform itself while retaining its unique characteristics.     The deadline for tour registration is November 20. Those interested should like the Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/openmonga/ (Chinese) before signing up for the tour.   
On November 17, Taipei City Government organized a forum on future planning for the capital city, focusing on the relocation and regeneration of Songshan Airport at the GIS MOTC Convention Center.During his address to the audience, Mayor Ko Wen-je noted that the decision on whether to retain the airport is an important issue which will affect the direction of Taipeis development over the next 50 years. Given the fact that the facility currently boasts an annual passenger volume of 6.1 million, shutting down the airport is not an option right now. The next option in line is suggesting that the airport relocate, but that will depend on the dates of Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport expansion project. It is not a decision that can be made by Taipei City alone and would require discussions among the heads of neighboring municipalities and presidential candidates.Another issue that needs to be discussed is what to do with the property once the airport relocates. The perimeter of the nearby grounds affected by aviation height regulations span 3,000 hectares, so any adjustment in this part will definitely have an impact upon future urban development of the capital city. Dignitaries attending the forum include Taoyuan City Mayor Cheng Wen-tsan, New Taipei City Deputy Mayor Hou Yu-yi, Keelung City Deputy Mayor Ling Yong-fa, Legislator Yao Wen-chih, and Taipei City Councilor Huang Shan-shan.
Mayor Ko Wen-je kicked off the Taipei OMG (Open, Mobility, Green) application development competition and Cloud Open Data Service in a press event on November 16.Sponsored by Microsoft, the Taipei OMG contest invites software developers to utilize and analyze data made available by the citys transportation and information technology departments to create value-added applications. It is part of the city governments effort to promote green transportation and carbon reduction by making use of big data.During his address, the mayor reiterated his political philosophy of open government, public participation, and transparency. He has made it a principle to publish government information since assuming office. A Public Participation Commission has also been established to determine which data should be made open. Thanks to efforts by the commission, access to data regarding crime hotspots, areas prone to floods, and city agency budgets is available to members of the public.  According to Information Technology Commissioner Lee Wei-bin, Taipei OMG allows participants to access information such as bus and MRT train arrival/departure time, real-time YouBike rental info, and MRT station passenger flow. Microsoft will provide a cloud platform, among other technical assistance, for developers to innovate new transportation apps.Ko pointed out that unlike past Hackathons which were carried out in less than one and a half days, this competition will last for three months (November 30 through January 22, 2016), giving contestants more time to develop practical apps.  To learn more about Taipei OMG competition, please visit https://taipeiomg.bhuntr.com (Chinese). Data source: http://transportation-data.taipei (Chinese) 
A delegation from Shizuoka Prefecture arrived at Taipei City Government on November 16. Members of the visiting group included Shizuoka Prefecture Vice Governor Yoshiro Ohsuga, Director Fujiwara Naohiro from the prefecture governments Tourism Bureau, and representatives from the Shizuoka Prefecture Enshu Tourism Association. A number of city officials attended the meeting with the visiting delegation, including Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang, Transportation Commissioner Chung Hui-yu, Traffic Engineering Office Director Chen Shyue-tair, and Hydraulic Engineering Office Director Chen Shyh-haw. Ohsuga remarked that the focuses of this visit is to exchange opinions on the topics of cycling culture and tourism development. The prefecture government is seeking to host the cycling events of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics through local cycling facilities, such as one with indoor wooden racetracks.During her address, Chou noted that Taipeis riverside cycling trails have been selected as the ten classical cycling routes of the nation. The trail also won recognition for its barrier-free design. The deputy mayor hopes that in addition to the topic of bicycle industry development, the two municipal governments will be able to strengthen bilateral cooperation in other administrative areas through the dialogue. On behalf of Mayor Ko Wen-je, Chou invited members of the delegation who are interested in cycling to attend the 2016 Velo-city Global Conference slated to take place in Taipei between February 27 and March 1, 2016.
Mayor Ko Wen-je remarked on Taipeis preparedness against terrorism during a media session before giving a speech on the late cultural leader Chiang Wei-shuis legacy in Taiwans politics on November 15.  On concerns about whether Taipei has the capabilities to address similar terrorist attacks as the ones targeting Paris over the past weekend, Ko pointed out that Taipei City Police Department (TCPD) will join forces with National Police Agency (NPA) and National Security Bureau (NSB) in managing security affairs during the Summer Universiade Taipei 2017. As to the possibility of establishing a counterterrorist team often seen in other countries, the mayor noted that the issue will be tackled by NSB and he believes a united operations command will be formed for the purpose. Ko added that the three government agencies involving public and private sectors will decide whether it is necessary to form a special police unit similar to the one set up by South Korea for Gwangju Universiade 2015. Ko stressed that while Taiwan is a relatively safe place in terms of terrorist threat, the city government will draw experiences from international incidents and strengthen security measures. He noted that the security department of the sports events organizing committee will enforce identity checks to prevent the likeliness of infiltration.   
Taking part in the 2015 Ride toward Formosa, Mayor Ko Wen-je embarked on a long distance ride from Taipei to Hsinchu in the morning of November 14.During his address, the mayor pointed out that the bicycle industry is very important for the island. Taiwan is also one of the ideal destinations for tourism based on cycling. The mayor recalled that he once joined a cycling tour group which made a trip around the island. He noted that one-third of the groups members were foreigners. Highlighting the diversity of the environment around the island, Ko believes that the experience obtained from such trips can be extremely rewarding for international tourists.Noting that Taipei will be hosting the 2016 Velo-city Global Conference, 2016 World Design Capital, and 2017 Taipei Summer Universiade, Ko hopes that these major events will help boost Taipeis profile as an international city.When asked by the media for his estimation of how long it will take him to complete the ride to Hsinchu, the mayor remarked that he expects the journey to take about five hours. As for why he has been actively cycling lately, Ko explained that he seeks to promote the upcoming Velo-city event to the public.
During an interpellation session at Taipei City Council at November 12, Mayor Ko Wen-je stressed that the citys new policy of charging drivers for parking their vehicles along roads or alleys 8 meters wide or less is aimed at improving traffic management while contributing to more effective use of roads.  The new measure will take effect on December 1.Per suggestions by city councilors, Ko agreed that parking fee will only be charged during working days (9 AM to 5 PM, Monday through Friday) at residential areas. Furthermore, roads with width between 4 to 6 meters will be marked with a sidewalk zone and no parking fees will be charged for now  unless the majority of neighborhood residents vote to implement the parking fee scheme.  City councilors also urged the city government to put in place sound supportive measures to facilitate policy implementation and listen to what people really need. Ko promised that a survey will be conducted for residents of old neighborhoods across 12 city districts to gauge public opinions regarding the new parking policy.As to concerns raised by city councilors about the impact on motorcyclists, the Parking Management and Development Office pointed out that the city government will not carry out the plan before fully considering the needs of all vehicle users.
In the morning of November 12, Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over a century-old ritual at the Taipei Prefecture City God Temple, attracting a large number of followers hoping for newborns in their families.   During his address, the mayor noted that he occasionally visits the City God Temple to offer his prayer. He also prayed for the health and prosperity of the audience. Afterwards, the mayor handed out 200 dinggui to the crowd.   A number of kids in the queue also received red envelopes with 200 NT from the mayor himself.  The ceremony, known as the Dinggui Kaidao (Rites of Splitting the Ding Turtle), is held every year at the Taipei Prefecture City God Temple. It involves the splitting of turtles made out of dough.   According to traditions, families with younger generation members giving birth to boys will often donate a dough turtle (at times weighing up to thousands of catties) to the temple as a token of gratitude for the divine blessing.    In return, the dough turtle offering will be handed out to others who are wishing for a baby or those who want to be a part of the joy.  
"With the advent of an aging society, the Public Transportation Office (PTO) launched the Temple Express service to cater to the religious needs of the pious elderly who frequent temples to offer their prayers. The program will be conducted on a trial basis for a three-month period, with bus services on the 1st and 15th day of the Chinese lunar calendar. The exact dates are November 12 and 26 December 11 and 25 and January 10 and 24 in 2016. The Temple Express comprises two routes:1.	Zhinan Temple: Xinguang Stop -> Zhinan Temple -> Ciyou Temple -> Fengtian Temple -> Xingtian Temple (departs from MRT Taipei Zoo at 9 AM and 12 noon)2.	Guangdu Temple: Guangdu Temple -> Baoan Temple -> Xingtian Temple -> Longshan Temple (buses depart from Guangdu Temple and Longshan Temple simultaneously, at 8 AM and 10 AM respectively)The service will employ low-floor buses that provide friendly access for seniors, physically-challenged individuals, pregnant women, and people with mobility difficulties. Residents can wait for the temple express buses at existing bus stops. Passengers will be charged the current standard public bus fare. For further inquiries, please call bus dispatch centers or visit 5284.taipei.gov.tw (Chinese)  "
Taipei City Government will be organizing the Songshan Airport Relocation and Regeneration Forum on November 17. Members of the public are invited to the event.The event will take place at the GIS MOTC Convention Center (Address: No. 24, Sec. 1, Hangzhou S. Road, Zhongzheng District) starting at 1:50 PM. The topic of Songshan Airport relocation and urban regeneration of surrounding areas has been an important city development issue for the mayor of Taipei City. The issue also involves the rearrangement of overall city planning of the capital city, with effects spanning transportation to industry.The forum will be presided over by Deputy Mayor Charles Lin, who will also provide a briefing on the importance of airport relocation and generation to the development of the capital city. The organizers have also invited former minister without portfolio Lin Sheng-fong and former vice director of Civil Aeronautics Administration Wang Te-ho, as well as representatives from government, industry, and academia to the forum.Registration is available starting 9 AM on November 12 at the Chinese website of the Department of Urban Development: http://www.udd.gov.taipei/capital-airport/ . A total of 150 openings will be available to the public.For those who cannot attend the event, live broadcast over the Internet is available starting at 1:50 PM on November 17.
With Taipei seeing an increasing number of individual visitors, Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) has launched the Walking-Around Tourist Information Service starting at the tourist attraction Ximending. Enthusiastic young counselors will be wandering the streets providing visitors with assistance.  According to TPEDOIT, the city government has established visitor information centers at transportation hubs and major tourist spots as well as setting up booths at selected stores. Unlike traditional methods of offering information, however, the new approach will allow tourist counselors to take a more active role in helping local as well as foreign visitors, therefore creating a friendlier environment for traveling in Taipei.     A total of 15 college students have been recruited to assist tourists in Chinese, English, Japanese, and Korean. The service will be available from 11:30 AM to 5 PM, every Saturday and Sunday between November 14 and December 26 near exits of the MRT Ximending Station.Visitors who happen to be around Ximending during the service hours are encouraged to approach the counselors wearing the ASK ME and i badges near yellow i signboards and inquire about any tourism-related information.  
Taipei City Animal Protection Office (APO) will be conducting free pet behavior classes at 2015 Taipei Pets Fair taking place at TWTC Exhibition Hall 3 between November 13 and 16.According to APO, the pet care and training program held by Taipei Cats and Dogs School this year received widespread popularity among the public. The event at the Fair seeks to provide animal lovers with an opportunity to learn more about their furkids behavior and help them develop the right attitude towards raising pets.Those who are looking for a furry companion can also seize the opportunity to adopt a cat or dog at the APO booth (No.202). In addition to sheltered kittens and puppies, a number of highly sociable Super Dogssniffer dogs having been well-trained but failed to pass graduation examsare also waiting to find a home. Individuals who adopt a cat or dog at the Fair will receive an array of deals including free microchip implant, neutering, inoculation service, disease prevention program, training course, and others.  The first 125 visitors who pass the quiz on the knowledge of animal protection and pet raising tips will be able to bring home a goodie bag containing surprising gifts. 2015 Taipei Pets Fair:https://pet-fair.top-link.com.tw/(Chinese)
To better protect road trees from being toppled by typhoons, the Public Works Department (PWD) and Taiwan Forestry Research Institute will jointly hold a seminar on November 11. Experts from Japan and Australia will share their experience and provide advice on the wellbeing of urban trees. The topics covered by the agenda include typhoon relief work by Taipei and New Taipei, Tokyo parks and greens management, street trees maintenance techniques, Australias answer to enhancing resilience of trees against strong winds, and more.According to PWD Commissioner Pong Cheng-sheng, trees are considered invaluable asset of a city and contribute greatly to both the health of residents and urban landscaping. The city faces the problem of insufficient sidewalk space for road trees to grow well, hence rendering the plants vulnerable when typhoons hit. Pong added that the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) is working on tree pits improvement project, seeking to expand the size of pits from 1 meter in diameter to 1.5 meters in diameter and 1.2 meters in depth. Drainage and permeability factors will also be considered to allow tree root systems to extend out.  As the expansion of tree pits involves underground pipes rearrangement and sidewalks redesign, the task could be challenging not least because of the lack of funding. PSLO will seek assistance from the private sector, hoping to create a model sidewalk with improved tree pits as an example to follow.  The seminar will also dwell upon how to prevent damage to urban trees in the event of natural disasters, such as increasing diversity of trees, studying the correlation between fallen trees and wind speed and direction, among other topics.    
The first match of the WBSC Premier 12 Baseball Tournament kicked off in the evening of November 9, with Chinese-Taipei confronting their rivals from the Netherlands.The game was broadcast live at the Taipei Municipal Stadium through outdoor LED screen, attracting numerous fans to cheer for the local team.The outdoor broadcast, co-organized by the Department of Sports and Mercuries Life, will take place between November 9 and 16. We invite you to bring your friends and cheer for Chinese-Taipei.In addition to visits by celebrities such as Lamigirls, Anthony Neely, and Power Station, fans will also have a chance to enjoy fresh pizzas and other snacks and drinks at the broadcast venue.For more information on the live events and related programs, please visit the Chinese fan page of the activity: https://www.facebook.com/cheerforCT/
In light of health concerns due to long-existing lead water pipes in the greater Taipei area, Taipei City Hospital (TCH) is conducting a massive scale blood test project to help residents measure the lead levels in their blood. The first tests were conducted at six TCH branches including Zhongxing, Heping, Renai, Zhongxiao, Yangming, and Linsen on November 7. TCG urged residents who have made reservation for the test to have their blood drawn at designated time and location by presenting their ID card or National Health Insurance Card.According to TCH, a total of 4,532 people have signed up for the first-phrase lead screening test scheduled by the end of November. Individuals whose blood is found to contain excessive levels of lead will receive further examinations and treatment arranged by TCH. The treatment will be administered until the level of lead in the blood reaches a safe level.  TCH pointed out that residents living in areas where lead water pipes are located are eligible to register for the blood test (including Taipei City and Zhonghe, Yonghe, Xindian, and Sanchong districts of New Taipei). Department of Health suggests that children under the age of 6 and pregnant women should have their blood tested as they belong to the high risk group of lead-induced hazards.To learn more about the service and to make reservation, please call TCH customer service at 02-25553000, Ext.9 or 1999, Ext.888, or visit http://www.tpech.gov.tw (Chinese).   
A graduate of the Hsinchu Municipal Min Fu Elementary School, Mayor Ko Wen-je returned to his elementary school alma mater to attend an event marking the institutions centennial on November 7.During his address, the mayor noted that he enrolled in the school between 1965 and 1971. While he only studied at the school for 6 years, his father spent three decades at the school teaching the kids. He added that the relationship between the Min Fu Elementary School and members of his family can be traced all the way back to the Japanese Colonial Period, where his grandfather was a member of the faculty at the institution.Noting that while the image of the school today is very different from what he remembered from 50 years ago, Ko still recalled vivid memories from the 6 years he spent at the school. He recalled a statement he made at an event a while ago, which highlights the importance of education upon the pupils future personality and way of doing things. At the end of his speech, the mayor expressed his gratitude to the school and his teachers for the instructions and guidance they provided him with. He also encouraged the students at the school to look forward to the next 100 years and pass on the heritage, helping Min Fu Elementary School to become one of the best schools in Taiwan.
With the inauguration of Taipei Vision 2050 Project Office on November 4, the Department of Urban Development (UDD) invites members of the public to play an active role in shaping the future of the capital.A platform has been established to map out the plan, inviting residents, experts, scholars, and city agencies to conduct discussions and exchange opinions. UDD also launched the Citizen Partnership program which aims to address seven topics. Other interactive activities will also be conducted for the purpose of collecting public opinions from residents across the social spectrum, including forums, workshops, talks, and more. The approach seeks to determine the core issues of the Taipei Vision 2015 before arriving at a collective consensus. Citing Amsterdam as an example, UDD pointed out that the capital of the Netherlands adopts a method similar to Wikipedia that allows the public to edit the content of what the city should look like in 2040. The Wiki City of Amsterdam will serve as reference for Taipei in presenting its vision for 2050.For those interested in Taipei Vision 2050, please learn more by visiting the UDD website (http://www.udd.gov.taipei/)(Chinese) or Taipei Vision 2050 Project Office (Address: B1, No.2, Lane 339, Changchun Rd.) 
"The finals for the 2015 Taipei International Flower Design Award will take place at the Expo Dome of Taipei Expo Park on November 7. This years event will see the participation of 30 experts of floral arts from 10 countries and regions. Taking place between October 31 and November 8, the 9-day long Fragrant Flower: 2015 Taipei International Flower Design Award features an exhibition showcasing the works of international participants. The entrance of the exhibition area is decorated by the work Enchanting Flower by Taiwanese floral master Elly Lin. The work consists of over 8,000 strands of fresh flowers, forming a gigantic circular-shaped garden and highlighting the beauty of blooming blossoms.	In addition to the final rounds of the competition on November 7, there are also various activities, including floral art performances and interactive sessions with the audience. Visitors will be able to observe local experts as they practice their flower arrangement skills, while teachers from the Ohara School will provide an ikebana demonstration on November 8.For more information, please visit the official website of the Taipei Expo Park (http://www.taipei-expopark.tw)(Chinese)."
Following the success of the 24-hour pass, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that it will issue 48-hour and 72-hour editions of MRT pass on November 6. Passengers will be able to enjoy unlimited rides during the hours indicated on the pass.According to TRTC, the 48-hour and 72-hour passes are priced at NT$280 and NT$380 respectively. They will be available at all MRT stations. The tickets are valid for unlimited MRT journeys 48 or 72 hours after first use. The public are encouraged to join friends in a micro travel across Taipei with the passes! To promote the new products, TRTC will be offering a buy-one-get-one-free deal at Taipei International Travel Fair kicking off on November 6. Visitors will be able to take home two passes (of the same value) at the price of one! The offer is limited to 100 sets a day. Each individual can purchase two sets maximum and the purchase is non-refundable.In addition, those who take a photo with Machi Cat at the travel fair in the afternoon on November 7 will receive Machi Cat themed stickers. TRTC will also hold quiz sessions promising Taipei Metro merchandise at the theme pavilion at 2 PM on November 9. To learn more about the MRT tickets, please call 24-hour MRT customer service: (02)218-12345 or visit the TRTC website (http://english.metro.taipei/).
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening ceremony for the Taipei Vision 2050 Project Office on November 4.During his speech, Ko noted that it has been over 130 years since the founding of the city. It is necessary to come up with a long term plan on how the city should develop in the future. With the new approach involving the industry, the government, the academia, and the citizens, he believes that the different sectors will be able to interact through the platform provided by the project office to help move the city forward in the form of urban planning for 2050.The mayor pointed out that major cities around the world, such as London and Seoul, all have their long term urban development plans. Taipei is also trying out new approaches in urban construction, focusing on planning for the entire city rather than on individual streets and alleys. Citing examples such as Shezidao Development Project, West District Gateway Project, East District Gateway Project, Datong District Regeneration Project, Zhongzheng Wanhua Revitalization Project, the upcoming Greater Wenshan District Plan, and other undertakings, Ko emphasized the importance of integrating efforts by city agencies on the district-level.Sharing his views on Shezidao development, Ko noted that plans must be reviewed after geological surveys were conducted in 2013. While many residents think of constructing high risers, he does not believe tall buildings are possible if the ground below is subject to soil liquefaction. For him, he prefers an approach which adheres to the laws of nature, veering away from large-scale development plans.
"<!-- .style1 {color: #595959} -->  Seasonal transitions into autumn and winter present an opportune time for enhancing ones strength and health by adopting herb-based dietary regimens.  Taipei Expo Farmers Market will showcase an array of supplementary Chinese delicacies over the coming weekend on November 7 and 8. The event will feature sampling sessions, cooking lessons with food materials such as garlic and turmeric, raffle activities promising quality agricultural products, and dance performances. Interested individuals should not miss the opportunity to try out the delicious herbal dishes. For more information on the event, please refer to the Chinese website of Farmers Market (http://www.expofarmersmarket.gov.taipei) or search  on Facebook. Event Details:     Saturday, Nov. 7   Sunday, Nov. 8       10 AM   Sale begins   10 AM   Sale begins     10:30 AM   Prize draw 			(300 sets/service counter)   10:30 AM   Prize draw 			(300 sets/service counter)     11-11:30 AM   Expo mascot photo opportunity   11:30 AM   Sampling of rice with chicken and mushrooms cooked with sesame oil     1 PM   Prize draw 			(350 sets/service counter)   1 PM   Prize draw 			(350 sets/service counter)     1 PM   Sampling of agricultural produce   1 PM   Sampling of agricultural produce     2-2:50 PM   Zhongshan-dance performance/ Opening ceremony/ Prize draw (get tickets at stage starting 1:40 PM)   2-2:30 PM   Expo mascot photo opportunity     3 PM   Songshan-dance performance     2:50-3 PM   Expo mascot photo opportunity   3:30 PM   Sampling of Pouchong tea chicken stew     2:50 PM   Sampling of Tieguanyin tea vege soup     3:10 PM   Zhongshan-dance performance   4-4:20 PM   Recommended merchandise of the day     3:40 PM   Sampling of yam porridge     4 PM   Prize draw 			(300 sets/service counter)   4 PM   Prize draw 			(300 sets/service counter)     4-5 PM   Flora Expo concert   4:30 PM   Songshan-dance performance     6 PM   Raffle   6 PM   Raffle     "
The first WBSC Premier 12 Baseball Tournament will kick-off on November 9. To offer baseball fans in Taipei a chance to watch the games together, the Department of Sports has joined hands with Mercuries Life Insurance to set up live outdoor broadcast of the games between November 9 and 16.The 5 + 1 games will be aired at the Taipei Municipal Stadium starting November 9. Equipped with a 500 inch LED screen and a sound system befitting outdoor concerts, watching the games live with other like-minded fans will be exciting. The organizers welcome fans to come to the events and cheer for the local team!Guests including Wang Yi-cheng, Chou Ssu-chi, Chang Tai-shan, Lin Che-hsuan, Lamigirls, Power Station, Anthony Neely, and other celebrities will also join fans to show their support for the baseball players.Mercuries Life Insurance also pledged NT$100,000 in donations to cultivation funds for young athletes in its effort to support baseball. 
The city government announced plans to resurrect the North Gate of Taipei (Beimen) as part of the upcoming West District Gateway Project. The demolition of Zhongxiao Bridge Ramp and adjustment of Zhongxiao West Road shape will be carried out in stages starting next year to breathe new life into the ancient city gate. The North Gate, constructed during the Qing Dynasty, is a nationally-designated historical site. Archaeologists suggest that the ancient wall area could have extended all the way to Zhongxiao West Road through research via overlay mapping.Based on the findings, Department of Urban Development (UDD) plans to conduct a series of trial excavation and archaeological evaluation to determine the perimeter of the old fortification. The work will be carried out in line with Zhongxiao Bridge Ramp demolition and installation of a temporary road base to minimize the impact on surrounding traffic. The city government will also report to Bureau of Cultural Heritage on the North Gate resurrection plan. According to UDD, the Beimen Wall Plaza will not be a replica of its former self, but a re-presentation of its images and historical stories. It will feature pavements, waterscapes, vegetation, and landscaping facilities to evoke old memories of the edificeand showcase a facet of the rich urban fabric of Taipei. 
The Department of Information Technology (DOIT) announced that it will be readjusting the TaipeiFree Wifi Connection Service to adhere more closely with the programs objective of meeting the basic needs of users.The new approach involves the implementation of a 30-minute cap regarding connection time and a speed limit of 2Mbps for both uploads and downloads. According to DOIT Commissioner Lee Wei-bin, a data analysis of TaipeiFree user behavior indicates that the majority of service users connect to the service to browse websites, search for information, access instant messaging, send/receive emails, download apps, or watch films on YouTube. Nearly 90-percent of the users remain connected for less than 1 hour, with 80-percent of the users accessing the service for 30 minutes or less.Following evaluation, DOIT believes that the new measures will not affect the quality of connection for the majority of TaipeiFree users.Regarding the time and details on the implementation of new measures for TaipeiFree, the agency will make an official announcement after completing system setting adjustments.
Mayor Ko Wen-je embarked on a bike ride around Taipei fully geared to show his support for Velo-city Global 2016 on October 31. The total distance of the route spans 69.55 kilometers.During his address, the mayor noted that the city government is sparing no effort in implementing cycling-related policies, with the YouBike public rental scheme alone costing NT$1 billion. He pledged another NT$4 billion for biking trails over the next four years, seeking to make cycling one of Taipeis public transportation tools.Under the principle of sharing economy, Taipei will work to roll out U-CAR and U-MOTO services following the success of YouBike. The measures expanding the scope of green transportation will help further the cause of environmental protection. The media asked whether the event was a warm-up for the One Day Twin Lighthouses  Kos plan to facilitate the one-day travel on bicycle from the northern tip to southern tip of the island (Fugueijiao Lighthouse in New Taipei and Eluanbi Lighthouse at Kenting). The mayor replied that the vision will not be realized until One Day Taipei-Kaohisung becomes a reality.Before the ride kicked off, Ko told reporters how he would enjoy the ride as a cycling enthusiast. Saying with pride that he didnt so much as practice before he took the challenge of round-the-island bike tour, Ko did not worry about the round-Taipei lap. 
On November 1, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the mikoshi-clashing ceremony organized by teams from Matsuyama City at the Civic Plaza on November 1.  A delegation consisting of 400 people from the Japanese city brought four mikoshis (portable Shinto shrine) to Taipei City for the performance. Each of these shrines weighs roughly 800 kg and cost roughly between 6 to 7 million yen to construct.   At the ceremony, Ko took part in the Japanese Taiko drum performance, while the Governor of Ehime Prefecture Tokihiro Nakamura sang an entire song in Taiwanese, winning applause and calls of Encore! from the audience.  During his speech, the mayor expressed his gratitude to the guests for coming all the way from Japan, including Governor Tokihiro Nakamura, Mayor Katsuhito Noshi of Matsuyama City, Representative Nishioka, and other members of the 400-member delegation.  Noting that the shrine-crashing ritual has over 400 years of history, Mayor Ko hopes that the event will bring blessing upon both the citizens of Taipei City and Matsuyama City. He also looks forward to the strengthening of relationship between Taiwan and Japan through exchanges between the people of the two nations. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je joined former Taipei Mayor Huang Ta-chou in attending a result presentation of the citys public roof garden program at Wenshan Senior Care Center on October 29.According to Ko, transforming Taipei into a Farm City is one of his top administrative objectives. The policy is implemented with a two-pronged approach: cultivating a habit of planting vegetables in elementary schools and introducing the horticultural therapy to community and social welfare institutions. The mayor stressed that the city is exploring methods to carry out the Farm City plan. He took the opportunity to thank Huang for sharing his expertise and helping to promote the program.As an environmental advocate, Haung lauded Mayor Kos pioneering effort to change the urban ecology. He noted that Taipei boasts at least 350 public sites from schools, hospitals, district offices, to markets where there is space for greening. Taipei residents will benefit from the initiative which is conducive to urban sustainability.   Ko also believes that by providing a garden on the rooftop of senior care facilities, the elderly will be able to engage in horticultural activities as a form of exercise while serving therapeutic purposes for the mental health.
Taipei City Gender Equality Office is holding a competition to raise public awareness on the importance of treating both sexes with respect.  The competition is divided into two categories. Find a facility requires participants to take a picture of any of the ten gender friendly facilities cited by the organizer. Conceive a design encourages participants to design or photograph a gender neutral image, product, or facility from Taiwan or abroad (excluding the ones cited by the organizer).Submissions should be sent by postal mail or email. The deadline for submission is November 18. Those who take part in the activity have a chance to bring home 70 prizes worth NT$100,000 in total. The top prize is an NT$20,000 cash reward! The activity seeks to familiarize the public with the notion of gender neutralism and provide every individual who lives or works in Taipei with a pleasant environment.More information of the activity can be found at https://www.facebook.com/ogeTaipei (Chinese). For inquiries, please call 1999 Citizen Hotline, Ext. 4531.
Taipei City Government is heralding a new era of public bills payment with mobile devices!On October 28, Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji presided over a press event seeing the launch of the mobile payment service. Starting now, residents will be able to inquire about their parking fee and make payments--all via their mobile phones!  Teng pointed out that mobile wallet and third-party payment have become widely used in advanced countries or cities to promote commercial districts, as well as serving as a marketing tool. The Citys inauguration of mobile money transfer service is an important event, being the first of its kind among all the municipalities on the island. Taipei City Government will work to expand the practice to include other types of public bills, with a view to realizing the ideal of putting government service in your palm, noted Teng.Pi Mobile Wallet Chairman Jan Hung-tze believes that combining public services with cell phone payment marks a milestone in the development of electronic payment, the ultimate goal of which is to facilitate financial transactions and to make peoples life more convenient. The Department of Information Technology also requested service providers to apply mobile wallet to charity purposes, allowing residents to donate money anytime and anywhere with the help of technology. 
In light of upcoming plans about overall transportation planning in the vicinity of Taipei Railway Station, the Department of Transportation will be holding a public hearing session at the auditorium on the third floor of Fuxing Elementary School at 7 PM on November 11.The session will cover issues such as the future vision of Taipei Railway Station, traffic environment, placement of bus stops, and adjustment of bus routes and services.Participants can sign up for time slots to voice their opinion on stage. Registration for speaking on stage will be available starting at 6:45 PM at the venue on the day of the public hearing session.The West District Gateway Project seeks to highlight the historical characteristics of old Taipei City and reutilize these factors and resources. The project involves the dismantling of the Zhongxiao Bridge ramp, designing of the Beimen Plaza, and adjustment to the shape and directions of thoroughfares and roads in the vicinity.As the project will affect public bus and long-distance coach services, the agency welcomes local residents, commuters, and bus operators to come and share their opinions during the session.
The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) announced the subsidy program for 2016. Organizers of events taking place in Taipei between January and June of 2016 are welcome to apply for the subvention. The application period will last from November 21 through December 10.  In line with the administrative highlights to promote historic blocks of Taipei and blue highway, events or activities to be held around Dadaocheng, Beimen, Bangka, Keelung River, and wharfs will be given priority during the evaluation process. The grant of money could be as high as 50 percent of the total expense of an event.  According to TPEDOIT, the city government offers two subsidy programs a year, joining hands with the private sector to foster local tourism and market Taipei. The agency invites applications involving events related with folk culture, festivals, or ones which exhibit local characteristics.   In 2015, TPEDOIT granted subsidies to 12 tourism-related events, including Beitou Nagashi Fest, bakery trade shows, Taipei City Mall Summer Yukata Festival, Hot Spring Season, Ximen guided tours, and TaipeiEYE traditional Chinese performing arts theater.   The sponsorship scheme seeks to spur creativity and momentum in the tourism industry, hoping to maximize the promotional effect by incorporating private resources. The city government stressed that the events should target both local and international visitors and are regularly organized.    To apply, please visit https://www.e-services.taipei.gov.tw (Chinese) to download related documents. 
Ahead of a new round of policy discussion with Shezidao residents on October 26, the city government invited the borough chiefs of Fuzhou and Fuan boroughs for a briefing session. The policy discussions took place on October 27 and 28.The project talks concern urban development plans for the area, with topics covering issues such as dismantling of buildings and relocation of inhabitants. Opinions regarding the three proposed alternative plans will take place between government representatives and local residents during the upcoming session.The general guideline for development plans of Shezidao is to relocate the inhabitants before working on the dismantling of the facilities and housing. Possible approaches include housing subsidies for a given duration, rental of public housing units, purchase of designated housing units, and others. Deputy Mayor Charles Lin vowed to adopt the most appropriate strategy to handle the relocation of affected households to interim housing units.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the 2015 Taiwan Innovation &Entrepreneurship Forum on October 26. The forum, inviting experts and scholars from the island and abroad, sought to probe into the various challenges facing start-ups and small and medium enterprises.Ko opened his address with the question: How much do you earn by selling iron sand? And how much do you earn by converting iron ore to Rolex watches? He used this example to exemplify added values brought by the knowledge economy. According to Ko, Taiwan is a tiny island lacking natural resources. The only way for it to spur economic growth is making the most of knowledge economy  the core of which lies in innovation and entrepreneurship. In order to improve the environment for starting a business, Ko remarked that the city government invested much effort over the past year in services such as the one-shop window at city hall, which integrates 48 items of public resources related to entrepreneurship. Not only has the city government reduced the amount of red tape for establishing a company, but it also launched the StartUP@Taipei website and set up a funding platform among other measures.  Noting that Taiwan could be ushering in a year of gloomy economic outlook, he believes that the capital city should start making preparations to shoulder the responsibility as the islands engine of growth. Claiming to be a political entrepreneur, the mayor joked that he is liable to make Taipei a friendly city for entrepreneurship undertakings.
Taipei City will be holding a hackathon at the National Taiwan University Sports Center on Sunday, November 8. According to the organizer, the purpose of this event is to encourage the development of intelligent application focusing on reducing electricity consumption.As a warm-up to the hackathon, the Department of Information Technology organized a press conference for the upcoming hackathon at the Taipei Expo Park during the weekend of October 24.Spotlighting polar bear mascots along with other impromptu performances, the organizers sought to attract public attention on the hackathon and the issue of energy conservation. The hackathon will offer total awards of up to NT$700,000, with the top winning team walking away with NT$200,000 in cash. The city government invites the public, software developers, and the internet community to join us in coming up with innovations to reduce power-use and electricity consumption!For more information, please visit the official Chinese activity website (http://doit-hackathon.tca.org.tw) or the Facebook fan page in Chinese (https://www.facebook.com/EnergySaving.Taipei)
Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang and city officials met with a South Korean delegation led by Gyeonggi Province (Gyeonggi-do) Deputy Governor Lee Ki-woo on October 23.Chou pointed out that Taipei and the Korean province have actively engaged in exchange activities since the two inked an MOU in 2000. Bilateral collaboration includes the establishment of direct flights and the setting up of artist-in-residence programs between Taipei Artist Village and National Museum of Modern Temporary Art in Gwacheon.The meeting highlighted issues related with smart city policies and ICT industries. Chou told the visiting dignitaries that Taipei boasts sound ICT infrastructure rich resources from industry, government, and academia sectors a convenient transportation network a complete industry chain and an abundant talent pool. A Smart City Project Office has been established after Mayor Ko assumed office, seeking to provide solutions to citizens problems on the back of the synergy generated by public-private partnership. Deputy Governor Lee reckoned that Gyeonggi-do, a manufacturing center surrounding Seoul, is home to a number of processing factories for South Koreas global IT companies, including Samsung Semiconductor, LG LCD, and Hynix. He hopes to draw lessons from the history of Taiwans IT development during the visit as the province places the utmost importance on meeting its residents needs.   The deputy mayor echoed by saying that Taipei relies on big data analysis through information collected by services such as  City Affairs Mailbox, 1999 Citizen Hotline, polls, and i-Voting system for policy formulation. Gyeonggi-dos core policy resonates with Mayor Kos emphasis on open government, bottom-up approach to participatory budgeting, and public participation. 
The procession for the 2015 Hakka Yimin Festival set out from the Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall on October 25. The 6-kilometer route spans the administrative districts of Xinyi, Daan, and Zhongzheng.The procession route also featured six congregation points along the way. A series of performance by groups were conducted at these locations to entertain spectators and participants while demonstrating the creativity and vitality of Hakka people.This is the first time for Mayor Ko Wen-je to take part in the event with city councilors and representatives of civic organizations since assuming office. The procession traveled from Sun Yat-sen Memorial along Renai Road, Fuxing South Road, and arrived at the Taipei City Hakka Cultural Park.Unlike previous events, the procession of the Hakka Yimin Festival took place in the afternoon to encourage more participation among the public. The participants of the procession carried loads balanced with a shoulder pole, symbolizing their willingness to take on responsibilities. There are also floats in the procession showcasing themes spanning the history of Hakka people in Taipei City, allowing spectators to catch a glimpse of Hakka life and adorning the procession with colors and vibrancy.The mayor joined dignitaries for the Yimin ritual at the Hakka Cultural Park. Guests attending the event include Vice President Wu Den-yih and other officials.
On October 22, Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang and city officials met with German Institute Taipei Director General Martin Eberts at Taipei City Government to discuss topics ranging from cultural affairs to collaboration in sustainable city projects. During the meeting, Chou greeted the visiting representative in German. The deputy mayor noted that she received her doctorate degree in Germany and recalled how grateful she was for the help from her friends, teachers, and others in the European country. Having witnessed the unification of Germany in the 1990s, she is very impressed with how the Germans from both public and private sectors can work together for the prosperity of their nation.Eberts noted that Germany has established five institutions on the island to strengthen relationships with Taiwan. These include the German Institute Taipei, the German Trade Office Taipei, the Goethe-Institut Taipei, the DAAD Information Center Taipei, and the German Section of the Taipei European School. According to the director general, each of these institutions is responsible for handling interactions within their respective domains. Chou pointed out that Taipei City has increased exchange efforts with German cities in recent years, including Berlin, Munich, Hamburg, and Leipzig. She said that since the director general assumed office, the Germany Institute Taipei has expressed active interest in topics such as recycled energy and sustainable city. At the end of the meeting, Chou asked Director General Eberts for his assistance in helping to promote the attractions, food, and culture of Taipei to German travelers. Hopefully, this will boost Taipeis profile as a tourist destination. Roughly 50,000 people from Germany visit Taipei each year.
Being one of the most well-known night markets in Taiwan, the Shilin Night Market has drafted plans to establish its own website and create its own logo! The merchants of the night market have gotten together to work on possible logo designs and website layouts. They want to invite members of the public to take part in the selection process. From today until October 30, you can cast your vote online for your favorite logo and website layout for Shilin Night Market at the following activity website: http://www.shi-lin-night-market.com.tw/ (Chinese)The popular vote will account for 50-percent of the final score. The choice with the highest score will be selected as the official logo and website layout for the renowned night market.The winner will be announced at the official Chinese website of the Market Administration Office in early November.
Mayor Ko Wen-je wished the grandparents and kids happiness and good health at a party marking the Double Ninth Festival at the Wanhua Parent-Child Center on October 21.Pointing out that Taipeis elderly population (aged 65 or older) is set to reach 20 percent  in five years, Ko made a case for a sound welfare scheme and related infrastructure to cope with the growing needs of senior citizens.He noted that numerous construction projects will be underway to establish senior nursing facilities across the twelve districts. In fact, the city government will incorporate public spacessuch as child or senior care centersinto the 20,000 new public housing units to be built in the course of four years. The mayor stressed the importance of a systemized approach to addressing senior welfare. He reminds the elderly to take advantage of the citys offers on Double Ninth Day, such as free admission to an array of recreational venues.  Concerning a possible backlash against his plan to scrap the senior subsidy program next year, Ko reckoned that the one-off expense will be reallocated to constructing infrastructure, which is longer-lasting and conducive to long-term care of the elderly. As a responsible government official, he believes it is the right thing to do, even though it is likely to create a negative impact upon his approval ratings. 
The Department of Economic Development (DED) organized a press conference to promote the 2015 Taipei Fairtrade City concept at Carrefours Neihu store on October 21.According to the agency, the event is to witness the collaboration between Carrefour and Fairtrade Taiwan to implement fair trade practices at the big-box retailer, hopefully bringing more interested parties to join the movement.DED Deputy Commissioner Wu Hsin-pei noted that the primary goal for Taipei City Government is to educate the public and promote the concept of fair trade, in an attempt to meet the requirements for its application to become a Fairtrade City in 2016. One of the first steps adopted by the agency is to start with big-box retailers, and this specific collaboration will serve as landmark case to help Taipei connect with the international community through promoting fair trade practices.The Public Relations Manager of Carrefour Taiwan Margaret Ho remarked that the company will set up fair trade areas at franchise stores featuring related merchandise such as coffee, chocolate powder, and coconut oil. Each of these products will provide information on source to ensure the rights of producers as well as strengthening food safety.According to Fairtrade Taiwan, the concept of fair trade seeks to establish a long-term relationship between goods producers and consumers to ensure transparency of production and trade process for commodities. The movement seeks to protect the rights of growers and individual suppliers in developing nations, creating a supply chain which is transparent, responsible, and sustainable. 
Taipei City Office of Commerce (TCOOC) will be rolling out the Three Mao initiativeMaokong, Maokong Gondola, and Maoxiong (Giant Panda)--to propel local tourism.According to TCOOC, the plan aims to provide visitors with in-depth exploratory tours incorporating local specialties and natural landscape of the Muzha area to create the experience economy. The plan consists of four perspectives: ecology-themed tours integrated with local industries creative interpretations on the word cat (pronounced as Mao in Chinese) with art media a comprehensive land control strategy which takes into account the factors of recreational agriculture development, conservation area protection, and promotion of commercial districts and guesthouses and a connected transport network and diversified choices spanning MRT Taipei Zoo Station, Maokong Gondola, buses, bicycles, and trails.TCOOC noted that discussions are open regarding whether traffic control measures should be implemented at night during consecutive holidays for the Maokong area to encourage the use of public transportation, as those put in place during the Yangmingshan Flower Season. The city government will ensure effective communication with local residents and businesses on the execution of the measure, in an effort to enhance travel quality by reducing traffic congestion. Preferential offers regarding transport fares will also be put on the table. As for tour itineraries, TCOOC remarked that a talk will be held at Maokong Zizai Tea House at 2 PM on October 22. The event will feature guests such director Ho Hsiao-hsien, writer Chu Tien-hsin, illustrator Miss Misu, Cat Lady Chien Pei-ling among other influential figures in the cultural world. Interested individuals are invited to participate in the talk to probe into the development possibilities of the neighborhood.  
The widely anticipated Taipei International Bird Watching Festival will take place at the Guandu Nature Park on October 24 and 25!The theme for this years activity is See Wild Birds, Conserve Nature. The organizers hope to raise public awareness on environmental protection and ecology. The Animal Protection Office (APO) invites the public to come to the park and witness the success of Taipeis conservation efforts.Established in 1987, the Guandu Nature Park seeks to protect the bio-diversity and wildlife residing in the surrounding environment. Through efforts invested by the city government in maintenance of the core areas of conservation in and around the park, the venue has become an ideal habitat for the many migrant avians that passes through the island, ensuring an array of food sources. This is the seventeenth year that the event is being held at the Guandu Nature Park. In terms of scale, the Taipei International Bird Watching Festival is only second to the British Birdwatching Fair, and the largest in Asia.Taking place between 9 AM and 4:30 PM on the aforementioned weekend, the park will offer free admission to participants on the days of the event. For more information, please visit the official Chinese event website (http://birdfair.org.tw/) or call (02)2325-9190.
Mayor Ko Wen-je launched the Integrated Community Care Featuring Family Doctors program during a ceremony at Taipei City Hospital Yangming branch on October 19.The program, highlighting family medicine, graded service, referral system, and capitation payment, will be implemented at Shilin and Beitou districts during the preliminary phase before expanding into other districts.Speaking from the standpoint of an experienced doctor, Ko stressed that the four practices are pivotal to maintaining the financial health of Taiwans National Health Insurance system. Only when the four concepts are institutionalized can the insurance system find the path of sustainable management.He pointed out that introducing family physicians to the community is a preferable approach than having patients go doctor shopping. Graded service implies management of separate levels spanning medical centers, community hospitals, and local clinics. Referral system addresses the abuse of medical resources. Capitation payment, based on a payment-per-person scheme rather than payment-per-service-provided, aims to control healthcare costs while offering more effective treatment to patients. The mayor expressed his gratitudeto the 50 grass-roots level doctors who participated in the program and whose service will be paid humbly as if doing charity work. He also requested the program leader to record both the advantages and disadvantages of the trial program for future reference.  
The Taipei City Joint Coming-of-age Ceremony will be held at the Taipei Confucius Temple on Saturday, November 21. Registration for the event is now available online. Applicants should be students enrolled in senior high schools, vocational schools, or colleges in Taipei City with birthdays in 1997 or 1998. Only 250 participants will be accepted, and registration is free.The ritual for the first 18 participants to register for the event will be conducted by Mayor Ko Wen-je. The organizers have also prepared tailor-made commemorative attire, book vouchers, and other gifts for students participating in the ceremony.In addition, there will also be a talent show, inviting participants to show off their talents and gifts before the public. The audience and participants can cast vote for their favorite performer(s), with cash rewards of NT$10,000 for first place winner, NT$6,000 for second place winner, and NT$3,000 for 3 third-place winners respectively.For more information on the coming-of-age ceremony or registration process, please visit the official Chinese website of Taipei Confucius Temple (http://www.tct.gov.taipei/) or the institutions Facebook fan page (search for ). You can also call the organizers at TEL: 02-2592-3934, ext. 13 (Ms. Lin).
"  <!-- table.MsoTableGrid {border:solid windowtext 1.0pt font-size:12.0pt font-family:""Calibri"",sans-serif} -->   <!-- .style1 { 	font-family: Calibri 	color: #555555 } -->   To mark  the Double Ninth Festival on October 21, the Department of Sports (DOS) announced  that seniors aged 65 or older (and indigenous people aged 55 or older) will be eligible  for free admission to gym and swimming pool at any of the citys 11 sports  centers.  The 11  sports centers are located in Zhongshan, Beitou, Nangang, Wanhua, Shilin,  Neihu, Xinyi, Datong, Songshan, Daan, and Wenshan districts. (Zhongzheng Sports  Center has been closed since October 6 for renovation.)  In  addition, Taipei Gymnasium (badminton court and table tennis court), Tianmu  Tennis Court, and Youth Park swimming pool are also among the list of venues  where the elderly can enjoy free admission on October 21. The golf course at  Youth Park will provide seniors with two boxes of balls for free practice.  Details  of the free admission and complimentary measures are as follows:   Venue Offers   11 Sports Centers (Excluding Zhongzheng Sports    Center) Free admission to swimming pool and gym, 6 AM to 10    PM   Youth Park golf course Two boxes of balls for practice   Youth Park swimming pool Free admission, 8 AM to 5 PM   Taipei Gymnasium (tennis court, table tennis court) 6 AM to 6 PM (by reservation only) Reservation: 25702330#6711 or 25796553   Tianmu Tennis Court 5 AM to 6 PM (by reservation only) Reservation: 25702330#6711 or 25796553   "
During the memorial concert honoring Chiang Wei-shui on October 18, Mayor Ko Wen-je pointed out that the renowned doctor who passed away at the age of 40 is an iconic figure for Taipei, Yilan, and Taiwan. The mayor noted that with the collaboration between Taipei City Government and Yilan County Government, the remains of Chiang have been relocated from Taipei to the neighboring municipality. Recalling his earlier visit to the Cherry Blossom Cemetery, Ko mentioned that the facility demonstrates high construction standards. He admitted that Taipei has much room for improvement, especially considering the fact that Yilan County approaches the project with plans for a long term perspective of 50 years.At the end of his speech, the mayor noted his personal goal is to succeed Chiangs missions, especially his vision related with Taiwan Cultural Association. Chiang believes that Taiwans social movement cannot be successful without changing the way of thinking and culture of Taiwans people. According to the mayor, his core political belief is also to change the political culture.As one of the iconic political figures from the Japanese Colonial Period, Chiang was responsible for the establishment of various political associations and media, including the Taiwan Peoples News, Taiwanese Peoples Party, Taiwanese Workers League, and Taiwanese Cultural Association. Following the event, Ko and Yilan County Magistrate Lin Tsung-hsien autographed three items (a commemorative wine, activity poster, and artwork) for a charity drive organized by the Yilan County Social Welfare Joint Foundation, helping to raise a combined total of NT$20,000, NT$20,000, and NT$100,000 in funds.
To inspect the living environment of retired military personnel, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited the Ministry of Defense Dormitory for Single Military Retirees on October 14. The mayor indicated that the issue of top concern for the 800 retired military personnel living at 14 dormitories across Taipei City is medical care. He instructed the director of Mayors Office Tsai Pi-ru to meet with the staff of Taipei Veterans General Hospital to look into the possibility of setting up medical teams to provide site visits for these elders.Ko remarked that the retirees currently have access to services from agencies such as district health centers, borough representatives, Veterans Affairs Council, and Reserve Command. However, he pointed out that the important thing is to identify an approach that allows integration of these different resources to provide better care for the retired military personnel. During the inspection visit, the mayor noted that the fact that the 14 dormitories are managed by different agencies likely leads to quality control issues, due to the difference in standards.Responding to the question raised by Wuxing Street Retirees Dormitory Self-rule Association Chairman Yang Chung-hsing on potential cuts to the Double-Ninth Festival Grants starting 2016, Ko explained that the one-time spending for the annual grants will be appropriated to the construction of senior citizen-related facilities. According to the mayor, the grant requires a funding of NT$700 million each year, accounting for 88-percent of the budget dedicated to senior citizens. He believes instead of giving out money in this fashion, it would be more meaningful to use the money to build facilities such as sports centers and daycare centers for senior citizens. While individual citizens prefer to have the actual cash in their pocket, from the standpoint of the government it is more important to establish a longer-lasting system.
At the invitation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MOFA), Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang delivered a speech on New Opportunity for Taipeis City Diplomacy on October 15.According to Chou, i-voting sets the tone for Taipeis city spirit. A series of transformation projects have been carried out with the aim of establishing Taipei as a leading Global City in the Chinese cultural sphere.Chou pointed out that Taipei boasts 46 sister cities, 5 friendship cities, and 3 partner cities, as well as membership in 43 international organizations. The International Affairs Division under the Secretariat has been working at full steam since Mayor Ko assumed office, inviting experts in the fields of culture, economy and trade, as well as foreign affairs to map out Taipeis international strategy. The city government arranges international study visits in areas from arts, labor policies, tourism, environmental protection, transportation, disaster prevention, to industry development--an approach which aims to export Taipei Experience. Between January and September 2015, the city government received 29 more visiting delegations compared to last years figures. The city government has also been actively engaged in international conferences and events, citing CITYNET, APCS, ICLEI, among others.Chou stressed that major international events are the engine for marketing Taipei to the global audience. She took the opportunity to request MOFA for support in promotion and dignitary reception as Taipei gears up for hosting the World Design Capital 2016, Velo-city Global 2016, and Taipei Universiade 2017. In addition, Taipei also conducts international exchange projects such as artist-in-residence programs, scholarships for learning Chinese, dragon boat competitions, year-end parties, and more. The City will invest resources in promoting cultural events classified as international city fests. An example of such events is the 2016 Taipei Lantern Festival, which will be modeled after the Lyon Festival of Lights.Reckoning that Mayor Ko places great emphasis on developing tourism, Chou remarked that Taipei will highlight Tourism ABC (App, Bus and Culture) this year with the aim of creating a friendly environment and designing different itineraries to cater to the various needs of backpackers and business travelers. The city government will also hold symposiums to learn about the interests of foreign companies to solicit investment.  
The first forum on the collaboration between Taipei City Government and Yilan County Government took place at city hall on October 14. The event was co-hosted by Taipei City Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong and Deputy Magistrate of Yilan County Wu Tse-cheng.On the issue of railway connection between the two municipalities, the two sides agreed on the necessity of a Taipei-Yilan line which meets the requirements set by environmental regulations. The organizers plan to invite the Ministry of Transportation and Communications, Railway Reconstruction Bureau, New Taipei City Government, and other involved agencies under the central government for further discussions.To further encourage the public to utilize public transportation for traveling between the two municipalities, the two sides agreed to establish two more terminals to serve as basis for inter-municipality coach services. Taipei City plans to expand the number of boarding gates at both Nangang Bus Station and Yuanshan Bus Station to accommodate the additional coach operators. Taipei City also proposed the readjustment of public bus services during weekends and holidays, reallocating buses from city bus lines to support services running between the two municipalities to reduce traffic congestion on Freeway No. 5.Finally, the two municipalities finalized plans for the spirit relocation ritual of Chiang Wei-shui, which will take place on October 17. The ceremony will be attended by both Mayor Ko Wen-je and Yilan County Magistrate Lin Tsung-hsien.
The Ximen Pedestrian Area Development Association organized a press event to promote Ximending Commercial District. The tourist attraction boasts a dazzling array of products, lively street performances, and easily accessible location. This year, with 10 shops in the area making to the 100-featured-stores list of Exchange Taipei campaign, the Association is ramping up effort with assistance from Taipei City Office of Commerce to promote Ximending through highlighting food safety, fire safety, and toilet availability.In the absence of regulation mandating restaurants to publish the source of food materials, a total of 40 leading restaurants in Ximending have been urged to conduct self-administration on food hygiene to provide customers with a quality dining environment. A reward scheme is implemented to laud the effort of those which contribute to enhancing the image of the commercial district.  On the issue of fire safety, an educational program has been launched to teach Ximending business stores on examining their firefighting capabilities. A task force was also established to carry out evacuation measures in the event of a fire. To serve customers who need to answer natures call, three restaurants will be providing free access to friendly restrooms. These facilities are decorated with themes befitting the different characteristics of the respective establishments.     The initiative also involves designing a shopping guide to market more than 90 Ximending storesspanning categories of food, drinks, garment, music, beauty products, and hotels. More detail about the booklet can be found on the Facebook fan page https://www.facebook.com/ximenting (Chinese)
A tea competition based on consumers choice will take place in Taipei starting October 18!Since the 1970s, municipalities across the island have been organizing tea competitions to promote Taiwan tea. The standard procedure of these tournaments involves participants signing up, paying registration fee, passing pesticide residue checks, and choosing the winners by the judge panel.However, the selection of prize-winning tea leaves should not be based solely upon top recognitions at contests. Different individuals have their own respective preferences, so do prize-winning tea leaves necessarily fulfill everyones criteria? To challenge the traditional approach, the 2015 Taiwan Baozhong Tea Consumers Choice Award invites experts from the Tea Research and Extension Station (TRES) to serve as visiting scholars to help consumers decide which tea selection appeals to their taste buds. Through collaboration with the Wenshan branch office of TRES, the organizers of the competition seek to attract the attention of consumers through analysis and design of different kinds of Baozhong tea, as well as providing feedback on consumer preference to tea farmers in Nangang and Northern Taiwan.In addition to deciding the winners of the various awards, the 2015 Taiwan Baozhong Tea Consumers Choice Award will also feature free hands-on experience with tea-related activities and tea-tasting sessions to promote the culture of Baozhong tea.For more information, please call Taipei Tea House (TEL: 2653-0333) or the Department of Economic Development (TEL: 2725-6586).
The Department of Health (DOH) announced that rapid diagnostic test (RDT) for dengue fever is now available at a number of local hospitals. It is part of the countermeasures adopted by the city government to fight against the spread of the mosquito-borne disease resulting in 48 indigenous and 48 imported cases in Taipei.According to the Division for Disease Control and Prevention, dengue RDT is a quick screening method used for detecting whether a suspected patient is infected with the virus. The RDT shows high sensitivity and specificity (>90%), but those diagnosed as negative should not rule out the possibility of infection and should be reported to Centers for Disease Control (CDC) for further examination.Patients assessed by a doctor and meeting all of the following criteria will be able to take advantage of the RDT service: domiciled or living in Taipei, exhibiting dengue fever symptoms within 14 days after staying at or traveling to dengue epidemic areas, within 7 days after illness onset, and not published by CDC as qualified for public subsidies.    The rapid diagnostic test tools are available at five Taipei City Hospital campuses (Renai, Zhongxiao, Yangming, Zhongxing, and Heping), NTU Hospital, Mackay Memorial Hospital, Shin Kong Wu Ho-Su Memorial Hospital, Cathay General Hospital, Taipei Veterans General Hospital, Tri-Service General Hospital, Taipei Municipal Wanfang Hospital, and 12 district health centers. 
At the invitation of City Councilor Wang, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the screening event for the documentary Wansei Back Home at the Songshan Cultural and Creative Park in the evening of October 12.  According to the mayor, the documentary will allow the public to learn more about the group of Japanese born in Taiwan between 1895 and 1946, sharing their experience as they revisit their respective places of birth.  Ko remarked that lately he has the opportunity to watch several films on Taiwan history including Attabu and Wansei Back Home. He admitted that it is hard to imagine how people are willing to invest the time and capital to produce these documentaries to record the history of Taiwan.  After watching the film, the mayor noted that the record of history is a symbol of a civil society. After becoming the mayor, he noted that there are often conflicts between agencies on issues such as development versus preservation. He noted that the best approach is to find a point of compromise yet, such compromises are often dependent upon economic power. In other words, more funding allows preservation of larger areas. If there are no funds, the preservation of culture would be more difficult  comparatively speaking.  On the issue of diversity, Ko pointed out that Taiwan is basically a society of immigrants. From the perspective of history, the island witnessed transition across powers such as indigenous people, Dutch, Spaniards, Koxingas army, Qing Empire, Japanese, and Nationalist Government. The city of Taipei can be considered the immigrant city within the society of immigrants  something that could be seen through the rapid drop of local population during the first two days of Chinese New Year.  This is why the city government highlighted the theme of ethnic diversity during the flag-raising ceremony on Double-ten Day this year, encouraging the participants to wear their respective ethnic attire while singing the national anthem together.  
The Department of Social Welfare (DSW) announced that it will organize babysitting courses targeting new immigrants. The class is an effort aimed at helping new immigrant families access infant care resources without language barriers.       According to DSW, the program will focus on making sure students comprehend the instructions of teachers, ensuring that the knowhow on looking after infants can be conveyed. Free temporary babysitting service during class hours will also be available for students with preschool kids. DSW hopes that the participants, who will be certified following completion of the training course, can constitute a force to provide their communities with professional childrearing consultation and emotional support. The approach will help construct a friendly environment for baby care, especially for the citys new immigrant families.The classes, held between November 3 and December 10, will take place at the new immigrant halls in Nangang and Wanhua. This will provide students with an opportunity to learn more about public resources available for new immigrant community.A cash deposit of NT$500 will be required for registration. Those who complete the entire courses and obtain the certificate will have their deposit returned. A 10-hour attendance requirement from new immigrant-related activities is also compulsory as a way to help participants expand their social network.  Information sessions will take place at Nangang New Immigrants Hall (10 AM on October 15) and Wanhua New Immigrants Hall (1:30 PM on October 21). Please call 02-2785-6129 and 02-2266-5151 respectively for further inquiries.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the League of Legends (LOL) World Championship live broadcast event at the Youth Development Office (YDO) in the evening of October 11.The final rounds of the competitions group stage took place in Paris. To show its support for e-Sports, Taipei City Government organized the live broadcast at the YDO, allowing fans in Taipei to come together and show their support for local favorites.The mayor joined the crowds to witness the exciting game between Taiwan team AHQ against the North American team C9. The audience burst into applause when AHQ defeated their rival at the end of the match.After watching the game, Ko remarked that tournament players have to undergo training, learn how to work together as a team, and analyze information on other teams. While youths may see e-Sports as a kind of competition, the city government regards it as an industry by itself.The mayor promised that the city government will offer more support in areas such as game broadcast. However, he believes that the guideline should be private sector taking the initiative and public sector providing support. 
"To address potential health risks posed by light pollution and to enhance the quality of life for residents, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) held public hearings involving representatives from the private sector, as well as experts and central government officials for drafting the Taipei City Light Pollution Control Ordinance. The draft, adopted by the City Executive Meeting on October 6, will be submitted for deliberation by Taipei City Council.According to DEP, Taipei is a densely-populated metropolis teeming with mixed-use (commercial and residential) buildings. Vibrant business activity has led to an increasing number of luminous signs and lighting, generating glare and affecting the quality of life for locals in a negative way. A total of 568 complaints have been filed against light nuisance between 2004 and 2015.In light of this, the new regulation entails: 1.	Setting standards for luminance and brightness of light sources and prohibiting flickering lighting from disturbing peoples life.2.	Establishing a mechanism to evaluate the effect of roadside lighting (covering an area of 25 square meters or more and located 30 meters within the boundary lines of the road) on traffic safety for freeways and express roads before the lighting construction is implemented.3.	Stipulating a time frame within which improvement should be made and fines shall be increased if the violator fails to make improvement.4.	Enforcing the measure of cutting off power as penalty.5.	Notifying violators to implement improvement measures within a specific period of time after the Ordinance takes effect. Those who fail to do so will be subject to penalty.      "
To share the excitement of Halloween, Taipei Zoo will be organizing the annual Zoolloween event in the month of October!For the first time, the event will be held at the Conservation Corridor of the Formosan Animal Area, which will also feature various displays of Adventure in the Hills. The exhibition will convey the hazards endangering Taiwans hill ecology through showcasing indigenous animals such as armadillos, otters, and leopard cats.The exhibition will last until November 1. Taipei Zoo will also organize pumpkin-feeding events on October 17 and October 25, respectively. Participants will have a chance to find out how European otters and the baby panda will respond to a meal of pumpkins.On the night of Halloween (October 31), the Zoolloween party will allow participants to enjoy a masquerade of beasts and creatures as the echoes of roar and howls of Taipei Zoos denizens resonate in the surroundings!For more information, please visit the zoos Chinese fan page on Facebook.
Mayor Ko Wen-je announced the launch of Taipei Wi-Fi Alliance service during a press event on October 6. Starting October 10, Taipei will boast a wi-fi network of 9,000 AP hotspots (6,000 by Taipei Free and 3,000 by Taipei Wi-Fi Alliance)heralding the advent of a new era in free internet access. According to the Department of Information Technology (DOIT), users will be able to access free wi-fi service at MRT stations, parking lots, government agencies, school campuses, libraries, department stores, convenience stores, cafs, movie theaters, and other places by logging in either with their Taipei Free account or via Taipei Wi-Fi Alliance App.The Taipei Wi-Fi Alliance App will be available on Android and iOS platforms  the former to be released on October 10 while the latter pending approval. Those who already have a Taipei Free account can use the same account to sign in to enjoy free internet connection.The first 9 private sector members to join the Taipei Wi-Fi Alliance include ATT 4 Fun, Cama caf, SOGO, Taipei 101, FamilyMart, SPOT Huashan, Miramar, SHIN KONG MITSUKOSHI, and SKCINEMAS. Reiterating his ideal of drawing on resources from the private sector for the public good, Ko pointed out that the alliance helps to reduce the burden of government spending from NT$120 million to NT$60 million a year. DOIT Commissioner Lee Wei-bin noted that the establishment of Taipei Wi-Fi Alliance aims to integrate broadband infrastructure resources from the government, industry, and academy to benefit the public.Lee added the alliance will seek to forge partnerships with TANET, 4FREE among other wi-fi service providers, as well as incorporating more business establishments to expand the scope of the free wi-fi service.
On October 6, Mayor Ko Wen-je led a delegation comprised of city councilors to inspect the progress of ongoing constructions for the Taipei Performing Arts Center in Shilin. Following a briefing on work progress, the mayor noted that the city government is aware of how constructions of the center is behind the schedule, so he is visiting the site to see for himself. He pointed out that putting the issue under the spotlight before it becomes a question encourages discussions and assistance. However, discussing the issue after it becomes a problem will only invite criticism. Ko stressed that hes here to see if theres anything the government can be of assistance. If the answer is yes, he instructed the constructor  the East District Project Office of the Department of Rapid Transit Systems (DORTS)  to list them down and report directly to the Mayors Office.The mayor added that DORTS Commissioner Chou Lie-liung indicated that construction of the main structure of the facility is slated for completion in June of 2016. The Taipei Performing Arts Center should be ready for operations by mid-2017.
A city delegation led by Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang has arrived at Sidoarjo, Indonesia for the 2015 CITYNET 33rd Executive Committee Meeting and International Seminar. She will be giving a presentation on Taipeis green transportation and ICT policies in the seminar highlighting Asian Perspectives on Sustainable Urbanization on October 7.Chou interacted with representatives from member cities, inviting them to visit Taipei for World Design Capital 2016, Velo-city 2016, and Summer Universiade 2017. The city delegates also presented Taipeis administrative achievement during the City Exhibition. Mayor Park Won-soon of Seoul, which takes the role as the current Secretariat of CITYNET, extended his welcome to attendees from the Asia Pacific region through a written address. He noted that CITYNET members are closely connected in terms of economic, social, and cultural relations. Park cited the joint relief work for the April 2015 Nepal earthquake as an example which testifies to the strong bond and willingness to help each other between members of the organization. On the sidelines, Chou met with Secretary General Vijay Jagannathan and Seoul ambassador Kim Chang-beom. She expressed Taipeis interest in becoming involved in collaborative programs launched by CITYNET. She also took the opportunity to invite Vijay Jagannathan and Park Won-soon to visit the capital of the island.CITYNET, established in 1987 with the support of UNESCAP, UN-HABITAT, and UNDP, is an international organization dedicated to promoting sustainable development through a cooperative network among Asian Pacific cities. The organization currently consists of 135 member cities and 2 corporate members.
The Enjoy Taipei Restaurant reopened its doors to the public on October 5. The restaurant, located in the south wing on the first floor of city hall, is under the management of Children Are Us Foundation as from July, 2015.During the opening ceremony on October 5, Mayor Ko Wen-je joined workers with intellectual development disorder in making honey mustard chicken Panini to promote the restaurant to the public.The Enjoy Taipei Restaurant has been in business for over 15 years. First opened in 2000, the facility is the first sheltered restaurant hiring workers with intellectual development disorder to operate on a site provided by the public sector. After Children Are Us Foundation took over the helms of the facility in July this year, the organization has hired 13 sheltered workers to work at the restaurant. The facility is open daily between 8 AM and 6 PM.During the opening period, customers making purchases during noon and afternoon tea hours will receive a drip coffee filter bag with fair trade coffee.The city government welcomes the public to utilize the restaurant when visiting city hall, as each spending at the restaurant will help support these workers by affirming their status as independent wage-earners. 
The city government held the fourth outdoor discussion panel on East District Gateway Plan at Nangang Vocational High School on October 3. Mayor Ko Wen-je led a number of agency heads to discuss the policies shaping the future of Nangang with residents of the district. During his address, Ko stressed that just as West District serves as an important hub in connecting northern municipalities including Greater Taipei, Taoyuan, and Keelung, East District serves similar functions by providing High Speed Rail, Taiwan Railways, MRT, and Bus networks. The transportation advantage adds to its significance in the development of biotech, software, and MICE industries.In light of this, the mayor pointed out that five major plans have been set out for East District, focusing on the formation of a center highlighting transportation, software development, MICE events, biotech advancement, and start-ups incubation. Deputy Mayor Lin elaborated that the East District Gateway Plan comprises 23 projects based on seven key notions. The plan spans four years time and aims to solicit eight-year private investment.The details of the plan include setting up new YouBike rental stations and cycling trails creating a biotech supply chain accompanied with 5,000 job opportunities building an incubation center for entrepreneurial undertakings completing the Taipei Pop Music Center promising 52 major performances a year and implementing four environmental programs covering Nangangs parks and Sifeng River.Ko reckoned that seismic change in transportation and industry will lead to the relocation of populations as well as the redrawing of the employment map. He hopes to realize the vision of a new Nangang made possible through innovation and synergy between the public and private sectors.He also promised residents to lay out a comprehensive urban renewal plan for Nangang by March of 2016. The issue has been of great concern for locals and requires serious planning by the government, Ko noted.
The platform broadcast inside MRT stations has received an update! Starting this week, the broadcast at the platforms of high passenger volume capacity MRT routes will include English announcements. The English announcement comes in two versions  males voice and females voice. Platform 1 announcements for trains running in the north/east direction will be recorded in males voice, while Platform 2 announcements for trains running in the south/west direction will be recorded in females voice.According to Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation, the company will continue to work on implementing English language station broadcast along its network to ensure the convenience of international travelers. The new English announcement will be implemented first for MRT stations with large volume of commuters. The broadcast adjustments for all stations are expected in mid-October. The new broadcast will replace the current scheme of announcing train arrival twice in Chinese followed by an English announcement. For example, passengers waiting at the platform of MRT Shuanglian Station for trains heading to Tamsui will hear  in Chinese followed by Platform 1 for Tamsui in English.
On October 1, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a press event for Exchange Taipeia campaign promoting the 100 featured stores in Taipei. Selected through online nomination and recommendation from four city observers, the shops are divided into Old Taipei, Hipster, Night Owl, and Bosom Friends categories. According to Ko, Taipei is a place boasting diverse culture and vivid character. A unique style is pivotal for marketing a city while serving to drive up momentum for commercial development and lure tourists. He stressed that creating Taipeis own brands will help leave a lasting impression on visitors.The stores on the list span old and new shops, well-known ones as well as small establishments tucked in alleys. They come in a great variety, spanning bistro, teahouse, cafe, eatery, bookstore, craft shop, type foundry, writing brush and ink stick store, pastry shop, jazz bar, chic restaurant, to beauty salon. To promote the event, an art installation project spearheaded by Tu Chao-hsien will be stomping Taipei streets. A number of acclaimed artists will present installation artworks featuring manga, robots and other themes at locations such as Xinyi Eslite and Ximen Red House.In addition, a Mission Booklet containing information of the one hundred stores and guided tours is also available now. Individuals who complete any of the missions designated in the booklet and share their experience on the activity website will have a chance to win an EasyCard wristlet!The Office of Commerce has also collaborated with travel agencies such as Hotels.com, Hong Tai Travel Services, and Taipei Navi to launch travel packages and accommodation offers in support of the Exchange Taipei campaign.  To learn more about Exchange Taipei, please visit http://www.exchange.taipei/ (Chinese)
In light of the upcoming Velo-city Global 2016 hosted by the Taipei City Government, a warm-up activity involving a city tour on bicycle will be held at the Taipei Expo Park on October 31.The VELO Taipei City Bicycle Tour offers two routes  a route for participants of the family division comprising a 19-km ride and one for the cyclist division featuring a 70-km ride.Participants who registered for the event and report to the registration counter on the day of the event will receive an activity souvenir. Those who complete the entire trail will receive an additional gift and a completion certificate. Registration for the VELO Taipei City Bicycle Tour will be accepted from today until October 9. A total of 2,000 openings will be available for the public. During the press conference for the event on October 1, Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang noted that Taipei City Government is collaborating with local businesses and commercial districts to implement the friendly store policy, which has brought benefits to the tourism industry and strengthened interactions between the public and private sectors. She also took the opportunity to invite the public to take part in the upcoming cycling tour.
To mark the 688-day countdown to the 2017 Summer Universiade Taipei, Mayor Ko Wen-je unveiled the official logo, mascot, and slogan of the international sports event on September 30.Inspired by the Chinese character  (north) as in Taipei, the logo incorporates the concepts of track and field and the motion of leaping upward. The mascot, an animated take on Formosan black bear, aims to convey the characteristics of power and fearlessness which are associated with the islands indigenous animal. The bear also sports a gold medal right across its signature crescent-moon chest. The organizers hope to share with the global audience the friendliness and vitality of the Universiade through the slogan: For YouFor Youth.Ko pointed out that the international sports event is less than two years away. Citing the remarkable performance of Taiwan athletes at the Gwangju Universiade this year, he urged local contestants to train harder and bring Taiwans total score to the top seven by taking home field advantage. The organizers of the Taipei Universiade invite the public to have their say over the Chinese name of the mascot bear and the Chinese catchphrase for For You, For Youth via the online voting activity held between October 1 and November 2.Available options include Bobi, Ubear, Bravo, Sean and Golden, each of them having a particular meaning related to the image and character of the bear. Those who cast their votes have a chance to bring home round-trip tickets between Taipei and Tokyo!Vote here: http://app.creatidea.com.tw/UTMascot/Event (Chinese)Taipei 2017 Summer Universiade official website: http://www.taipei2017.com.tw (Chinese)Facebook fan page:https://www.facebook.com/taipei2017 (Chinese) 
The Arcadia Little League Baseball Team from Arizona will be taking on local teams from Dongyuan, Fulin, Shezi, and Changan elementary schools between September 30 and October 3.The matches will be conducted at the baseball field inside Youth Park. The kick-off match took place at 2:30 PM on September 30, pitching the visitors against the 2015 Little League Baseball Asia-Pacific champion from Dongyuan Elementary School.Phoenix Sister Cities Taipei Committee Chairperson Lin Ling Lee remarked that she is happy for the baseball exchange opportunity between the teams of the two cities. Lee noted that there was very little time between receiving the invitation and arrival in Taipei, and she is very impressed with the city governments administrative efficiency to make the trip possible. The Deputy Commissioner of Sports Liu Chia-tseng welcomed the team from Arcadia on behalf of Taipei City. He noted that the baseball exchange between the two cities demonstrated Taipeis achievements in promoting baseball.
Taipei Mortuary Services Office (MSO) released a video clip promoting eco-friendly funerals starring senior showbiz artist Chen Shu-li. Religious leaders have also been invited to voice their support for the city governments green funeral campaign.  As part of the campaign, MSO introduced a service allowing individuals to create a letter of intent indicating their preference for an eco-friendly funeral. According to Article 61 of Mortuary Service Administration Act, Families or contractors handling the funeral matters shall respect the will or the letter of intent of the deceased.Those interested should bring their ID document to sign the Letter of Intent Regarding Eco Funerals at the MSO service counter or entrust others to handle the matter on their behalf. Their families and friends will be informed of their will by MSO in the future.Chen shared her personal experience on preparing a sea funeral for her mother at the press event. She also joined MSO Superintendent Hwang Weng-ting and other government staff in signing their letter of intent.MSO has been promoting green funerals since 2003, offering the public with alternative options from tree, sea, to flower burials. Statistics show that a total of 7,604 tree burials at Fude Public Cemetery, 482 sea burials, and 1,013 flower burials at Yangmingshan were performed. With limited land resources, the agency will continue to promote the virtue of sustainable natural funerals. To learn more about the different choices of eco funerals, please visit the Chinese website of MSO at: www.mso.taipei.gov.tw 
With the departure of Typhoon Dujuan, Taipei City Government and affiliated agencies embarked on the mission of cleaning up the debris on September 29.Areas given the priority for restoration include those related with transportation, utilities, water, and sanitation. According to the Emergency Operation Center, all fallen trees in Taipei City have been cleared from major roads as of 5 PM on September 29. Downed tree removal for other roads and streets were carried out before midnight on the same day. Those at city parks, greens, plaza, and alleys should be completed on October 3 at the latest.Water service has been restored for Zhongzheng, Wanhua, Xinyi, Daan, and parts of Jingmei districts. Supplies to the remaining districts will be restored by 6 oclock on September 30. Regarding 88,753 households experiencing blackouts during the typhoon, power has been restored to 86,321 households. The city government has requested Taipower to expedite repairs for the remaining 2,432 households. 
The city government has submitted its plans for readjustment of bus fares starting January 1, 2016 to Taipei City Council for review.According to the new plans, the standard fare for one zone will be increased to NT$16.The current bus fare scheme is as follows: standard one-zone fare  NT$15 discount fare for military personnel, police, and students  NT$12 concessionary fare for seniors, disabled, and children  NT$8. The prices have remained unchanged since implementation in 1997.The Fare Regulations for the Highway Motor Carrier Industry mandates that discussions on public bus operation costs should be carried out every two years. However, according to the Taipei City Bus Association, the operation costs have not been adjusted for over four years.In light of this, the association has submitted the latest proposal on operation costs to the Public Transportation Office on June 17, 2015. The final version, putting the costs at NT$18.5668, has been approved by the City Executive Meeting on September 22, 2015.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the seminar on Neighborhood Traffic Improvement Plan at Zhongzheng District Office on September 24. He pointed out that the key to the plans success lies in sound planning, mediation by borough chiefs, and cross-department cooperation.According to Ko, the plan was initiated with the aim of reducing unnecessary work such as repeated implementation and removal of red lines due to unwise suggestions. Citing a borough chief, Ko reckoned that neighborhood traffic issues should not be addressed by answering the needs of a specific road or lane, but by drawing up a picture for the neighborhood as a whole. By taking into account the overall traffic and parking situation of a neighborhood, the project helps improve pedestrian safety, allows fire engines to access small lanes, enhances traffic efficiency, and increases parking spaces for motorcycles. The mayor expressed his gratitude to borough chiefs who volunteered to mediate between the government and residents for the plans implementation. The city government incorporated resources from Traffic Engineering Office, Public Works Department, Police Department, and Civil Affairs Department to facilitate work progress.Ko stressed that the Neighborhood Traffic Improvement Plan may not be an ambitious undertaking, but it effectively improves peoples quality of life while serving as an example of community empowerment.  
As a warm-up event to the Velo-city Global 2016, the Department of Transportation will be holding a round-Taipei cycling tour on Saturday, October 31. The excursion will start at Taipei Expo Park.The VELO TAIPEI tour will be open for registration starting at 12 noon on September 23. The activity is subdivided into a Professional Division (70 km) and a Family Division (19 km), with 2,000 participants at the maximum fortwo groups combined. The riders will begin their tour at 9 AM. Route for Family Division: Dajia Riverside Park, Dazhi Bridge, Bailing Right Bank Riverside Park, Shezi Bridge, Bailing Left Bank Riverside Park, Zhongshan North Road, Taipei Expo Park.Route for Professional Division: Dajia Riverside Park, Chengmei Left Bank Riverside Park, Academia Sinica, Fude Restoration Park, Taipei Zoo, Huazhong Riverside Park, Dadaocheng Wharf, Shezidao, Zhongshan North Road, Taipei Expo Park. Those who complete the entire course can bring home a certificate and a commemorative gift. A carnival will also take place at the event venue featuring booths, bicycle stunts, photography contest, and more. Velo-city, an international conference for the exchange of cycling affairs, will be hosted in Asia for the first time in 2016. The organizers will present an array of events incorporating Taipei International Cycle Show, Tour de Taiwan, and World Design Capital 2016. Cycling enthusiasts are invited to get involved and help promote Taipei as a cycling-friendly metropolis.VELO TAIPEI Chinese website: http://www.velotaipei.tw 
On September 23, Mayor Ko Wen-je appeared at the press conference for Chengshi Jingsi (City Contemplation), a lights-off event involving 14 major businesses and enterprises for the cause of energy saving and carbon emission reduction. The lights-off activity calls on participants to turn off all lights at their facilities between 8:30 PM and 9:30 PM on the last Monday of the month. The event will kick-off on September 25 and last until the end of March in 2016.During his address to the audience, the mayor noted that Taipeis project is one part of the overall energy conservation plan drafted by the Ministry of Economic Affairs. Hopefully, through the city governments implementation of energy-saving initiatives at nine major business districts across the city, Taipeis energy consumption will be able to achieve a reduction of 2-percent compared to last years number. According to the mayor, the lights-off event also seeks to provide people with a chance to slow down their pace in their daily life and take a rest to allow time for contemplation and meditation. In this sense, the activity also comprises a more cultural aspect.The mayor also took the chance to express his gratitude to the representatives of private sector participants, especially Shin Kong Bank which promised the involvement of 27 buildings and 105 branch offices across the island. He presented a small autographed bonsai to each of the representatives.
Getting tired of barbeque for the upcoming Moon Festival? How about embarking on an eating spree spotlighting autumn crabs from northern Taiwan! To mark the season of crabs, the Department of Economic Development (DOED) announced that it will hold a crab festival over the weekend of September 26 at Taipei Expo Farmers Market, in collaboration with Taipei Fishery Marketing Corporation and Keelung City Government.The fair will feature prime quality crabs and aquatic products from fishery associations across the northern Taiwan. There will also be a sampling session with a supply of 300 dungeness crabs, crab racing and a cooking demonstration, among a series of fun-packed activities on September 26!Autumn is the season of crab harvest, when the meat tastes exceptionally sweet and delicate. Connoisseurs seize the opportunity to relish over the fresh catch at ports in Keelung, Wanli, Miaoli, and Yilan. They will now able to taste all of them just by visiting the crab fest!To learn more about the event, please visit the website of Taipei Expo Farmers Market http://www.expofarmersmarket.gov.taipei (Chinese) or search for the fan page on Facebook.Taipei Expo Farmers Market Hours: 10 AM-6PM
Join Mayor Ko Wen-je in celebrating Double Ten Day! Taipei City Government will be holding a flag-raising ceremony at the Civic Plaza at 7 AM in the morning of October 10. The flag-raising ceremony will kick-off with the performance by dance groups Touqianbei and TTQS, as well as a Good Morning Taipei warm-up exercise by the staff of World GYM at the main stage.The flag-raising will feature the singing of the national anthem by eight new immigrants wearing the ethnic costumes from their respective home countries. Finally, indigenous performers will use their dance to conclude the event.A special weng weng pouch will be given away to participants of the ceremony. A total of 3,000 pouches will be available, with exchange coupons being handed out starting 6:30 AM. The exchange time for the pouches is between 8 AM and 10 AM. To celebrate Taipeis diverse culture, a series of cultural activities spotlighting the contributions of new immigrants will take pace starting 8:30 AM at the Civic Plaza. The gathering will feature cooking events, childrens book reading competition, and photography contest.According to the Department of Civil Affairs, there are approximately 50,000 new immigrants in Taipei City. The agency hopes that members from this group will feel at home and join their fellow citizens in attending the flag-raising ceremony.
Mayor Ko Wen-je wished the citys new immigrants a joyful Moon Festival at a gathering organized by the Department of Civil Affairs (DCA) on September 21. The event was conducted in a light-hearted manner, with Ko offering toasts to the attendees table-by-table against a background of culinary exchange, spotlighting exotic entrees the new immigrants brought to share with each other.  During his address, the mayor noted that Taipei has a new immigrant population of nearly 50,000. The number is even higher if taking the second generation members into account, suggesting that these residents can no longer be considered minority groups. Ko reckoned that new immigrants represent an important force in society. As an island proud of its cultural diversity, Taiwan should embrace their presence as they contribute to the richness of the demographic makeup. In light of the growing number of new immigrants, the government must invest more in the welfare of the group. DCA, the agency in charge of new-immigrant related affairs, convenes a meeting every month involving members from social welfare, education, health, and labor departments. The cross-department meeting is assigned with the task to provide better services for this community.    Taking the opportunity to listen to the needs of the attendees, Ko promised to relay their problems to the responsible agencies. He hopes that with the governments continued effort in promoting new immigrants welfare, these community members will call the island their second home rather than treating it as a mere place of residence. 
"In light of the approach of Moon Festival, the Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) announced that it will designate 23 locations at riverside parks across Taipei as venues for the public to conduct barbeque-related activities.       The venues will be available between 5 PM on September 25 and midnight on September 28.        However, the plaza in front of Yanping Temple at Dadaocheng will be closed on September 25 and 26 for the Dadaocheng Fireworks Show.       HEO added that staff will patrol the riverside parks during this period.  Those conducting barbeque activities outside of the designated areas or not during the assigned hours will be cited and fined NT$2,400 or more.       Those holding barbecue events should wash their ingredients at home first and help maintain a clean environment when using the parks. Waste materials should be thrown away at trash cans following recycling guidelines.  List of Riverside Park Sites Available for Barbecue Activities   Park Designated Areas  Suggested Entrance    Yanping Riverside Park Yanping Riverside Park	Plaza in front of Yanping Temple (excluding bike trails)  Take a left turn at the Dadaocheng floodgate located at the end of Minsheng W. Road    Huazhong Riverside Park Area located to the north side of the bike trail under Huazhong Bridge Huazhong Floodgate at the end of Wanda Road     Daonan Left Bank Riverside Park  1. The plaza between the parking lot and the bike trail located near the MRT bridge on the left banks 2. The circular plaza located downstream from Hengguang Bridge on the left bank   1. The parking lot in front of Taipei Zoo located on Xinguang Road Section 2 2. Follow the walkway ramp leading to  Hengguang Bridge on the left bank     Bailing Left Bank Riverside Park  Designated plaza beneath Bailing Bridge  Walkway ramp located at the intersection of Shezheng Road and Tonghe W. Street Section 2     Shuangxi Right Bank Riverside Park  Designated area beneath Shilin Bridge  Path leading up to Shilin Bridge from Wenlin Road    Chengmei Left Bank Park (Nangang and Songshan side)  Riverside walkway between Chengmei Longevity Bridge and Firts MacArthur Bridge  Rainbow Bridge ramp staircase on Tanmei Street     Rainbow Riverside Park   Designated area beneath Second MacArthur Bridge  Walkway ramp next to Tiding Boulevard Sec. 1    Guanshan Riverside Park  Designated area under Neihu Bridge of Freeway 1  Tayou Evacuation Gate (Ji 6) on Tayou Road    Meiti Riverside Park  Designated area beneath Dazhi Bridge  Dazhi Bridge pedestrian staircase    Dajia Riverside Park  Designated area beneath Dazhi Bridge  Yingfeng (No.7) Evacuation Gate next to Binjiang Street's Songshan Radar Station or Dajia Elementary School (No.9) Evacuation Gate    Yuanshan Riverside Park  Designated area surrounding the skating rink in the upstream of Zhongshan Bridge  Walkway ramp located next to Zhongshan Bridge near Grand Hotel    Bailing Left Bank Riverside Park  Designated area beneath Zhoumei Bridge  Walkway ramp located at the intersection of Shezheng Road and Tonghe W. Street Sec. 2    Daonan Riverside Park  Designated area under Wanshou Bridge on the left bank  Wanshou Bridge bicycle ramp on Xinguang Road Sec. 1    Daonan Riverside Park  Designated area under Wanshou Bridge on the right bank  Walkway ramp located at Muzha Road Sec. 3    Jingmei Riverside Park  Designated area under Beixin Bridge  Ramp entrance at the intersection of Jingwen Street and Jingmei Street    Fuhe Riverside Park  Designated area under Fuhe Bridge  Next to the Taipei Water Museum parking lot on Siyuan Street    Machangting Memorial Park  Designated area in front of Machangting Evacuation Gate Plaza  Machang (Xin 1) Evacuation Gate at the end of Qingnian Road    Huazhong Riverside Park  Unutilized space under Huazhong Bridge, circular plaza on the downstream side, and designated area under Guangfu Bridge  Huazhong flood gate located at the end of Wanda Road    Shuangxi Riverside Park  Designated area on the left bank under Fulin Bridge  Walkway ramp under Fulin Bridge on Zhongshan N. Road    Shuangxi Riverside Park  Designated area on the left bank under Wenchang Bridge  Ramp staircase next to Wenchang Bridge on Wenchang Road    Shuangxi Riverside Park  Designated area on the right bank under Yunong Bridge  Ramp staircase next to Shangxi Bridge and Yunong Bridge     "
Mayor Ko Wen-je joined Car Free Day organizer Eric Britton and city officials to embark on a bicycle ride by YouBike from Shezidao wetlands all the way down Shezi Daotou Park on September 18.The event seeks to drum up support for the two biking trailsNo.31 Taipei Riverbank Cycling Trail and No.32 Taipei Winter Hot Spring Tourwhich are competing in the Top Ten Cycling Routes held by the Ministry of Educations Sports Administration. Having accomplished the feat of round-the-island cycling, Ko noted that the 2.5 km ride was not challenging at all. He expressed his enthusiasm for the leisure activity, especially along the citys riverbank paths, which boast vast vistas and beautiful views at nightfall.The mayor pointed out that cycling paths constitute the last mile of the citys public transportation network. The city government will invest NT$4 billion in implementing biking infrastructure in four years with a view to transforming Taipei into a green city. Ko called on the public to vote for the two routes in Taipei. He also took part in an aerial photo session with hundreds of residents in Shezi Daotou Park who were engaged in an edible landscaping event. The Hydraulic Engineering Office pointed out that the No.31 Taipei Riverbank Cycling Trail starts in Jingmei and meanders through six major riverside parks in Taipei. Each park along the trail possesses its own characteristics, including flower seas, wedding installations, cultural heritage, family fun facilities, wetland ecosystems, and more.Cast your vote for Top Ten Cycling Routes at: http://www.top10cycling.tw/about.html (Chinese) 
With the 2015 Dadaocheng Fireworks Show and Concert taking place on September 26, the city government encourages the public to take public transportation to the event venue to avoid traffic congestions. According to the Public Transportation Office (PTO), two temporary fireworks show shuttles will serve on the day of the event. The buses include Fireworks bus 135 (which runs between Taipei Main Station and Taipei City Hospital Zhongxing Branch) and Fireworks bus 136 (operating between MRT Shuanglian Station and Dadaocheng Wharf).Fireworks bus 135 has a stop right outside of the East Exit of Taipei Railway Station, while the stop for Fireworks bus 136 is located next to Exit 2 of MRT Shuanglian Station. The two shuttles will be running starting 3 PM on the day of the event. The bus fare charged for using the shuttles is one zone per trip. Service intervals will be 6 to 10 minutes before 4:30 PM, and 4 to 6 minutes after 4:30 PM. From MRT Daqiaotou Station, visitors can take the following buses outside Exit 2: 2, 9, 215, 223, 288, 302, 304 Chongqing Line, 601, 757, and Chongqing Main Line.For those taking the MRT, the venue is located 250 meters from Exit 3 of MRT Beimen Station. 
The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) is holding an On Air activity via the mobile communication app LINE. Between 12:30 PM and 1:30 PM on September 23, users who follow the instructions provided by the Taipei City Government account and answer the questions will be eligible to enter a raffle promising prizes including an Apple Watch! Both old and new friends of Taipei City Government are welcome to participate in the session. Search ID @taipei and friend Taipei City Government for an opportunity to bring home the much coveted prize!According to TPEDOIT, the city government has continued to organize On Air activities every month since May 2014. This time, the event features a quiz about Taipei Pictorial ()  a publication introducing the various aspects of Taipei.TPEDOIT pointed out that the monthly magazine underwent an overhaul in April. Adjustments were implemented in areas such as size, style, and content. Taipei Pictorial now sports a fresher and easy-to-read layout as well as providing richer and more up-to-date information.Having received positive feedback from readers regarding the renewal, the agency hopes to further explore what readers wish to see from the monthly. The On Air activity will ask users about which section of the publication they like. Their opinions will be used for future reference.  For more information, please visit http://goo.gl/mdeT5V (Chinese)
To strengthen public knowledge regarding earthquake preparedness, the Fire Department (TFD) will be holding an earthquake education fair at the Taipei Expo Park between 1:30 PM and 5 PM on Saturday, September 19.In addition to marking the National Disaster Prevention Day, the fair also seeks to promote the importance of earthquake preparedness to young kids through various activities and demonstrations. To allow visitors to acquire hands-on experience of severe earthquakes, the agency brought earthquake simulation vehicles to the fair grounds. Participants will also have a chance to climb a turntable ladder mounted on fire engines. In additions, visitors can also learn about emergency procedures such as first aid and resuscitation at the booths. Trainers and their rescue dogs will also take part in a performance on the main stage, hosted by the cute mascot MOMO and friends. The fair is the collaboration between the fire departments of Taipei City and New Taipei City. In addition, a booth organized by the emergency supplies promotion association from Shizuoka in Japan will also showcase disaster preparedness at the fair. 
Taipei City Youth Development Office (YDC) is holding a photography contest based on the theme Campus Life. The agency encourages students to capture important moments of their school life to keep forever.The competition, while offering an opportunity for youths to exert their creativity through the lens as well as to showcase the beauty of campus life, will also allow them to pay more attention to their surroundings and cultivate an acute sense of observation.  Eligibility (Maximum number of participants for each division: 150) 1. Middle School Division: Students aged 13-15, attending junior high schools in Taipei or domiciled in Taipei 2. High School Division: Students aged 16-18, attending senior high/vocational schools in Taipei or domiciled in Taipei3. College/University Division: Students aged 19-24, attending universities/colleges in Taipei or domiciled in Taipei Submission Period: September 14  October 23 Announcement of Winners: November 10 on the website of YDC (http://www.tcyd.gov.taipei/)(Chinese) Subject: Anything found on campus, be it architecture, events, figures, school club activities, environment, or others. Prizes (Prizes worth NT$25,500 in total): 1. First Place (1 Winner): gift voucher NT$3,000 and award certificate2. Second Place (1 Winner): gift voucher NT$2,000 and award certificate3. Third Place (1 Winner): gift voucher NT$1,000 and award certificate4. Merit Award (10 Winners): gift voucher NT$500 and award certificate5. Honorable Mention (15 Winners): gift and award certificate6. Judges Award (10 Winners): award certificate More information on the competition can be found at: http://www.tcyd.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=116710654&ctNode=69022&mp=10400A (Chinese)Fore inquiries, please call (02)2351-4078, extension 1725. 
On September 15, Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang met with members of a Philippine delegation led by Quezon City Vice Mayor Josefina Belmonte and Manila Economic and Cultural Office Deputy Representative Carlo Aquino. The Philippine delegation comprises over 40 Barangay officials. Barangay is equivalent to theborough, the bottom level of the government structure in the tropical country.The two female deputy mayors, both being in charge of soft-power-related affairs, exchanged opinions and explored cooperation opportunities in areas spanning culture, art, sustainable development, green energy, and gender equality.With a sister-city bond established in 1968, Belmonte noted that Taipei and Quezon have enjoyed a vibrant exchange through cultural and art activities. She also lauded Taipei City Government for its leading-edge effort in promoting green policies, citing examples such as the MRT and YouBike services. Chou pointed out that despite being the second largest city in the Philippines, Quezon has the largest population. As the former capital of the country, the city houses a number of government buildings. Quezon has been actively taken part in many cultural events hosted by Taipei, including the dragon boat and lantern festivals. In addition to inviting Quezon to participate in Taipeis artist-in-residence program, the deputy mayor also welcomed the Filipino delegates to return for the World Design Capital 2016, the Velo-city Global 2016, and the Summer Universiade 2017. 
On September 15, Mayor Ko Wen-je took to the podium at Taipei City Council to deliver the State of the City Address to city councilors. He stressed that developing SOP is important and that changes should be made in case of errors or inadequacies. Regarding demands by city councilors insisting EasyCard Corporation to submit a list with name of city councilors who received limited edition EasyCard (which features a Japanese actress from the adult movie industry) and the number of cards received, he promised to carry out the decision reached by the city council.The mayor outlined his approach in his PowerPoint presentation, emphasizing urban renewal, sustainable development, humanity concerns, and government efficiency.On the issue of urban renewal, Ko proposed six major revitalization projects spanning regions in Zhongzheng-Wanhua, Shilin, Datong, and Shezi Island, as well as both the East and West district portals of Taipei. If the opinion survey of local residents could be completed by the end of this year, the project will be implemented starting 2016.When speaking about public housing policies, Ko noted that the goal is to build 20,000 units in 4 years, as well as allowing the Department of Rapid Transit Systems to decide whether to sell or rent public-owned units from joint-development projects. Regarding rents for public housing, the standard will be 85-percent market price, with subsidies available based on tenants status.As for transportation policies, he pointed out that concession price for students and senior citizens will continue. However, those for police and soldiers will last for one more year and to be discussed again and standard fare will increase. The new fare scheme based on distance traveled will be implemented in 2017, and bus routes will be readjusted in 2018.On the subject of pre-school education, the mayor believes that the public budget is not enough to build public kindergartens. His policy is to encourage private sectors to establish non-profit kindergartens, where the tuition of these schools will be the same as public ones. He hopes to create a 30-percent/70-percent distribution between private and non-profit kindergartens. He also took the opportunity to express his gratitude to New Taipei Mayor Eric Chu for his help in resolving the crisis over school admission policies this year. He noted that the admission policy for the next year has already been published, and would consult the central government if any problem arises.On the subject of humanity concerns, the mayor praised Labor Commissioner Lai Hsiang-lin for taking a proactive stance on labor issues such as conducting inspection visits accompanied by industry experts and incorporating labor rights education into high school and vocational school curriculums.At the end of his presentation, the mayor noted that he has cut back on the use of Mayors allowance and saved up the money as rewards for outstanding employees. He also supports for a pay raise for employees of Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation, hoping to inspire more innovations and stronger performance.
Taipeis annual marathon event is taking a new turn this year!The Department of Sports (DOS) announced that the event for 2015 will be named simply as Taipei Marathon to strengthen the city image. The starting time of the marathon will be moved to 6:30 AM in the morning to mitigate the impact on traffic.The number of participants for each division will be as follows: Marathon (7,000 participants), Half Marathon (12,000 participants), and Open Group (8,000 participants). The goal is to reposition Taipei Marathon as a single division event in the future, an approach that is in line with other international races. Registration started at noon on September 14. To ensure fairness, this years competition will adopt a lucky draw system to select runners. Three types of participants will be exempt from the rule: 1. Runners whose scores in designated races qualify 2. Visually-impaired individuals and 3. Emergency Medical Technicians (EMT) runnerswho will be wearing an identification badge during the competition and providing first-aid assistance in the case of emergencies.The mens and womens champions will receive a NT$800,000 cash prize respectively. Athletes setting a new record will receive an additional NT$1 million reward. First place runners from Taiwan will also be granted a NT$100,000 cash prize as a way to drum up spirits for local athletes.For the first time, 2015 Taipei Marathon wants participants to have a say in the shirt designed for the race. The public are invited to vote for their favorite shirt from the three choices on https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1BKMtY-rN7fP_ul52aglsCFDIEZOJSjR7euQYtM8pkRw/viewform (Chinese).2015 Taipei Marathon: http://www.sportsnet.org.tw/20151220_web/index_en.htm#index_4  
PAWS, a search and rescue dog of Taipei Fire Department (TFD), will be taking part in the 2015 IRO World Championship for Rescue Dogs in Denmark!According to the agency, the number of rescue dogs at the department has increased since the establishment of Taipeis Urban Search and Rescue Team on September 21, 2000. There are currently 10 dogs serving in the task force.Among the 10 rescue dogs, 8 of the hounds have passed the International Rescue Dog Organizations (IRO) level B testing. The canine task force was also assigned to various search and rescue operations overseas, including Iran and Chinas Sichuan Province, as well as emergency rescue operations related with typhoon aftermath or accidents in mountainous areas.During the 2014 National IRO Rescue Dog Competition, PAWS took first place with 282 points, beating rivals from other municipalities and qualifying for entry to this years world championship. TFD noted that Europe is the place of origin for rescue dog organizations. The region is also known for quality training programs for both rescue dogs and rescue dog trainers. The agency remarked that it is honored to represent Taiwan at the international event and will take the opportunity to conduct exchanges with rescue teams from around the world.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the TLC Picnic Day at Meiti Riverbank Park on September 12. The event was hosted by the Travel and Living Channel.  As the weather becomes cooler with the advent of Autumn, Ko urged the public to engage in more outdoor activities and reduce the time spent on using the computer at home. He reckoned that exposure to sunlight triggers vitamin D production in the skin, thus allowing for less intake of the vitamin.   Ko also took the opportunity to express his gratitude to the organizer for inviting citizens to go on a picnic and get close to nature. He stressed that the government has limited resources but the private sector has immense power.       In a gift exchange session, the organizer presented the mayor with a specially-designed picnic basket, while Ko reciprocated with a xiaolongbao(soup dumplings)shaped pepper shaker. Ko joked that the picnic basket was filled with delectable food and cutlery, but a bowl and a spoon were all that he needed.  
In an effort to market Taipei as it readies for World Design Capital 2016 and Summer Universiade 2017, Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) has rolled out a campaign for next year to promote the citys historical blocks from Bangka, North Gate, to Dadaocheng in major Asian cities.  According to TPEDOIT Commissioner Chien Yu-yen, the city has been organizing Bangka tours introducing visitors to the old district from the perspective of history, industry, and local cuisine. She noted that Bangka, which used to be the center of boisterous activity, possesses rich cultural assets and has the potential to lure more foreign tourists.     Surveys conducted by TPEDOIT also indicate that Longshan Temple is one of the five must-visit tourist attractions for Japanese travelers. In 2014, approximately 4.53% of the total 9.06 million travelers to Taipei paid a visit to Longshan Temple.  Chien pointed out that highlights of Bangka area include fortune-telling services around the MRT Longshan Temple Station, herbal lane, revamped old hotels, antique bazaar, Bopiliao, Huaxi Night Market, and more. Buoyed by the popularity of the tour program, next year the agency will launch digital tours providing an in-depth look at Bangkas tourist spots such the history, customs, and calligraphy on the walls of Longshan Temple.
On September 10, Mayor Ko Wen-je presented flags to members of Campus Watch Team, a force established to help maintain security at 42 schools in Taipei spanning elementary schools to senior high schools. The force is the collaboration among the Citys Department of Education (DOE), schools, and communities members of the squad will undertake the task of patrolling school campuses and be on the lookout for anything suspicious during open campus hours.  According to Ko, the security of school grounds is an important issue on the agenda of his administration. DOE has taken measures to improve campus safety following the assault in Beitou Elementary School which led to the death of a student. The measures include requiring visitors to wear ID cards at all times on campus and asking guests to exchange their ID for a badge and put on a special vest for better identifiability.    He pointed out that a pilot program involving the installation of high-definition CCTV cameras complete with recognition software have been carried out by two schools. The city government will work to integrate existing surveillance network across police department, transportation department, and schools. The use of artificial intelligence will be incorporated into the CCTV systems.On the issue of school walls reinforcement, DOE is examining the possibility of setting up infrared fences as part of the plan to overhaul the walls of schools. Changes will be implemented step-by-step after new designs have been completed. Noting that assigning fulltime security personnel to school campuses will increase the citys financial burden, the mayor made a case for incorporating community sources. The approach also serves the purpose of community empowerment. 
Deputy Mayor Lin met with Kyoto Prefecture Vice Governor Akimasa Yamashita and signed the MOU on promoting smart city policies on September 10.According to the deputy mayor, both Taipei and Kyoto agreed to share experience and knowhow pertaining to smart city policies. He looks forward to both municipalities developing concrete IT policies to realize this vision. The two sides will work towards involving more participants from both private and public sectors, as well as moving forward with concrete discussions.The deputy mayor also paid a courtesy call to Kyoto City Government, meeting with Deputy Mayor Minoru Tsukamoto. One of the purposes of the visit was to establish a contact channel between Kyoto and the Department of Information Technology, allowing Taipei to draw upon the municipalitys experience for the organization of Taipei Smart City Industry Alliance slated for March of 2016.Lin praised the Japanese city for successfully organizing the Smart City EXPO in May this year. The participants of the exhibition included top companies such as Matsushita, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Cisco, and Microsoft.
Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang joined city officials and President Chou Shui-mei of Taipei Business District and Industrial Confederation in kicking-off the Velo-city Global 2016 Friendly Stores campaign on September 14. The city government welcomes cycling enthusiasts to visit Taipei and indulge themselves in the fun of biking and shopping when Taipei hosts the international cycling convention next year.  According to Chou, the campaign is a collaboration between public and private sectors, seeking to attract over 10,000 visitors from Taiwan and abroad and helping to boost tourism revenues. A total of 14 commercial districts, each with its unique characters, have enrolled in the eventincluding Gongguan, Rear Station, Bangka, Qingguang, Yuanshan, Maokong, and others.From February 1 through March 31 next year, individuals who fall into any of the categories mentioned below will be eligible for preferential offers at over 500 friendly stores across Taipeis commercial districts. The categories include: dignitaries participating in Velo-city Global 2016 Meet Taiwan Card holders and those who ride a bike to make purchases at the contracted stores. The two world-leading manufacturers from TaiwanMerida and Giantalso joined the ranks of offering good deals. The city government is now calling for more stores to get involved in the campaign by providing discounts, coupons, or goodies. The Department of Transportation will design an emblem identifying which store has enrolled in the campaign. The list of contracted stores will be published on the official website of Velo-city Global 2016 (http://www.velo-city2016.com/index.php/en/)
In light of the upcoming Double Ninth Festival, district office directors visited a number of centenarians residing in Taipei City to wish them happy holidays.On behalf of Mayor Ko Wen-je, Songshan Office Director Shieh Chiou-huo and Ciyou Borough Chief Li Tsu-min visited district resident Yeh Yang Mei-fen and presented her with a package consisting of longevity noodle, a souvenir, and a birthday card. Yeh Yang, who is 113 years old, is the oldest female resident of Taipei. Despite her age, she still makes regular visits to Hawaii to see her family members.Residing on the fourth floor of a building in Songshan District, 112-year-old Chia Tsai-tien is the oldest male resident of Taipei City. After his son passed away in 2008, Chia is looked after by his sons wife. Despite his failing eyesight and hearing, the senior citizen expressed his gratitude to city officials for visiting.The Department of Civil Affairs (DCA) pointed out that Taipei City implemented a proactive elderly care program for Taipeis centenarians in 2010. Each year, district directors will visit local centenarians on the day of their birthday to send well wishes and gifts on behalf of the mayor. DCA Commissioner Lan Shih-tsung noted that there are 376 centenarians in Taipei City as of September of 2012. The population of centenarians in Taipei grew to 580 as of September this year, showing a 54.3-percent increase. Among the centenarians, the male-to-female ratio is 276:304, indicating a higher life expectancy for the female population.
A delegation led by Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong visited Fujisawa Smart Community in Japan on September 7, drawing experience to serve as reference for Taipeis implementation of intelligent public housing policy.The township building project, sponsored by Panasonic with an investment of $60 billion yen, will be developed in three phrases. Expected to accommodate 3,000 people, the 19-hectare base will comprise 600 houses and 400 apartment units, as well as commercial, medical, welfare, and educational facilities. Lin pointed out that the city government plans to build 20,000 public housing units in four years. He believes Taipei can learn from Fujisawa project, which incorporates techniques to remotely monitor and analyze biological data of residents for better care of the elderly. Noting that Fujisawa lays great emphasis on sustainable living, the new town has installed a large number of solar panels across the premises. Consumption of water, electricity, and gas can also be examined via a management system for the purpose of energy conservation. Meanwhile, a community car-share scheme is in the planning, in addition to the availability of electric vehicles and bicycles charging stations. The deputy mayorwas impressed by the high level of intelligence of Fujisawa, where all the residential buildings are equipped with facilities and appliances controllable by mobile devices. The streets are also outfitted with intelligent security and energy management systems. According to Lin, the Organization Act for Taipei City Public Housing Management Company will be submitted to Taipei Council for approval in the coming session. Plans to construct the citys smart communities will be implemented based on the regulation.  
As households prepare for the upcoming Moon Festival at the end of September, Taipei Expo Farmers Market will be offering pomelo from Eastern Taiwan at affordable prices starting this weekend!       On September 12 and 13, farmers from Taitung County will bring pomelo, atemoya, and other local agriculture produce to the farmers market. The renowned Fuli rice and Reisuei pomelo from Hualian County will also be available at the farmers market on September 19 and 20.   Visitors will also find a wide selection of fruits and vegetables from eastern Taiwan, including Chihshang rice, orange day lily, roselle, pitaya, and tea.       The hours of the farmers market is from 10 AM to 6 PM on Saturday and Sunday.  For more information, please visit the Chinese website of the Taipei Expo Farmers Market (http://www.expofarmersmarket.gov.taipei) or its fan page on facebook (search for ).    September Moon Festival Related Events    Date (Sep.)   Featured Municipality   Events    12-13 Taitung Ring toss with pomelo    9-20 Hualien  Pomelo weight-guessing game      
Taipei Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong met with Yokohama Deputy Mayor Katsunori Watanabe and Tokyo Metropolitan Government Vice Governor Nobuhiro Maeda following his visit to the smart community in Fjuisawa City on September 7.According to Lin, Yokohama has years of experience in the field of intelligent city development with the launch of the national level Yokohama Smart City Project in 2010. The Japanese city is also prone to natural disasters such as typhoons and earthquakes. Taipei, which has established its Smart City Commission in July, has a lot in common with Yokohama. The officials from the two sides exchanged opinions on topics of smart city implementation and eco-friendly disaster prevention approaches.   As Tokyo is recognized for long-term urban planning, Lin pointed out that he shared Taipeis blueprint for 2050 with his counterpart of Tokyo and the two also discussed the visions of the capitals of Taiwan and Japan.With Taipei and Tokyo gearing up for the Summer Universiade 2017 and Summer Olympics 2020 respectively, Lin took the opportunity to invite Yokohama Mayor and Tokyo Governor Yoichi Masuzoe to participate in the upcoming international design and sports events in Taipei.
The Sheliu Wetland Working Holiday kicked off on September 7 and received acclaim from the participants, who expressed their excitement about the rare opportunity to try their hands at cutting reeds with sickles.It is part of a series of activities highlighting the results of the redevelopment of Shezidao by Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) over the past decade. According to HEO Director Chen Shyh-haw, the city government has completed construction works at the wetlands of Daotou Park, Sheliu, and Old and New Embankments, accounting for 21 hectares in total.To promote the importance of wetland conservation and encourage local participation, HEO has launched the Shezidao Ecology event, opened with Sheliu Working Holiday. The public will surely fall under the natural charms of Shezi Island from these activities.   In an elevated mood, one of the participants recounted how she enjoyed swishing the tops off reeds with a sickle. Describing it as a novel experience, she said the act was meaningful in that it helped free up muddy land for the reproduction of wetland creatures.  .Thanks to the guided tour conducted by locals, she embarked on an exploration of Shezi Island and noted she was impressed at a hundred-year-old mansion which features red brick architecture and evokes nostalgia. HEO invites the public to sign up for the activities, the next one to take place at Daoto Park on September 19 with the theme of land art creation. Registration starts noon on September 9, limited to 500 participants. To learn more, please visit the Chinese website of HEO (http://heo.gov.taipei/)
Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived at the Kinmen County for a day trip to salute army conscripts from Taipei serving on the offshore island on September 5. The mayor presented the conscripts with meal money bonus of NT$230,000 during his visit to the base. During his address, the mayor pointed out that the delegation from Taipei City Government is visiting the island to bring thanks and best wishes to the young men serving in the top teams of the armed forces. He expressed his personal respect to those undergoing tough training.He stressed that it is the sacrifice of soldiers which allows the people at home to enjoy prosperity and economic growth. Emphasizing the importance of the army for the nation, Ko stated that the public should support and respect the armed forces for the role they serve. He also took the opportunity to wish the conscripts an early happy Moon Festival.Stopping by Kinmen Hospital, the mayor recalled that his first visit to the island was as a member of the evaluation committee for the Kinmen Granite hospital. With a background in medicine, the mayor pointed out that he hopes to take this opportunity to learn more about Kinmens medical care environment. 
On September 4, Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang presented the city flag to a delegation from the Museum of Contemporary Art (MOCA) which is leaving for New York to take part in the exhibition titled The Moment-- The Taiwanese Art Project. This event is the first ever art exchange program between MOCA and the Big Apple in the institutions 15-year history.During her address, Chou noted that transforming Taipei into a capital of culture is one of the core objectives of Mayor Kos administration. The exhibition, jointly curated by Taiwan American Arts Council and MOCA, will be held at Flushing Meadows Corona Park and Tenri Cultural Institute in New York starting September 27 and October 2 respectively.The showcase features outdoor installations, public sculpture, interactive community murals, and other forms of artworks presented by ten Taiwanese artists. The collection, resonating with the theme of the moment, takes a look at the diversity of the media employed by the artists when dealing with multi-faceted issues. It opens a dialogue between the art communities of the two cities, while offering an opportunity to introduce the vibrant creativity of local artists to the international stage. MOCA is dedicated to staging exhibitions focusing on interdisciplinary themes spanning modern art, fashion aesthetics, architecture design, and life. The agency has actively engaged in holding art exchange programs to reach out to a broader audience, leaving traces in Shanghai, Beijing, Venice, and now New York.The Moment  The Taiwanese Art ProjectDate and Location:September 27- November 23 at Flushing Meadows Corona Park, Queens, New YorkOctober 2-30 at Tenri Cultural Institute, Manhattan, New York Website: http://themoment.taac.gallery/  
Taipei City Government held a press event to set out its strategy on energy conservation on September 3. Mayor Ko Wen-je, who took the lead role in a promotional clip for the campaign, urged both the public and private sectors to work towards the goal of reducing energy consumption by 2% in 2015. According to Ko, the 2% target was set by Bureau of Energy, asking municipalities across the island to show their support and make efforts to attain the goal. However, it could be a difficult task to cut down on energy consumption by 2% without sacrificing economic growth. Ko pointed out that service industry and households account for 52% and 39% respectively of the citys total energy consumption. The public sector makes up less than 9% of the total, which means if Taipei is to achieve the goal, it will need cooperation from the corporate world as well as the households.To city government has established nine circles for the campaign, each representing a community or approach that will seek to save as much energy as possible. Ko calls on the public to adopt measures to reduce electricity consumption, upholding the values of green energy, carbon reduction, and sustainability.
Department of Legal Affairs (DLA) has thrown out an appeal filed by a resident regarding fines imposed on him/her by Hydraulic Engineering Office for not removing his/her car parked in the citys riverside park within a designated period of time when a typhoon hit. In compliance with Taipei City Park Management Act, individuals who fail to remove their cars parked inside or around the citys riverside parks during a designated period of time announced by the city government in the case of typhoons or torrential rain will be subject to a fine of NT$1,200 or more. Exceptions apply under circumstances where the city government has not issued a statement in this regard two hours before towing away vehicles.   In this case, the ruling finds that the appellant did not remove his/her car in a designated period of time following the issuance of the order by the city government, thereby violating the law.   DLA urges the public to pay heed to information released by the city government during typhoons or torrential rain to avoid being penalized.
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the inaugural meeting of Youth Affairs Commission of Taipei City Government on September 1.The commission comprises 10 members selected by an independent committee out of the list of individuals who recommended themselves through an online event held by the city government.During his address, the mayor remarked the number of people aged 65 and older has exceeded 14% of the citys population as of January 2015. The figure is expected to reach 20% by 2021. As the capital of the island is aging, it is imperative that the government create an environment allowing the young generation to invigorate the city. Ko stressed that listening to the needs of different communities is what a diverse city should be capable of. With the establishment of the Youth Affairs Commission, the government will able to hear the voice of the young population and reflect their opinions on related policies. He urges more young people to engage in public affairs and contribute to society. 
Care for a tour during which you can relish the beauty of the woods, the freshness of the river, the chirping of the birds and crickets, and a rare visit to the farms? Sign up for the free guided tour brought to you by Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) introducing treasure of Neigou River on September 19.According to GEO, Neigou River has undergone ecological river restoration, an approach that not only is conducive to flood management but also provides a platform for ecological education with the construction of riverside trails and stepping stones in the river. Neigou River Ecological Exhibition Hall also allows visitors to get an insight into the geological environment.      Tour guide Lin Wei-hong noted that a highlight of the tour will be a closer look at the creatures living in and around Neigou Riveran amazing variety of dragonfly species, for example. Tour Time: 3 PM  5 PM on Saturday, September 19Registration Period: September 7 (10 AM) to September 8 (Midnight)Online Registration Only: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1cAwAivGg8k4g-Tv6H78KePIJqV5MwVpI-20F3aSy5nU/viewform?usp=send_form (Chinese)    How to Get There: 1. By Car: Drive to Neigou River Ecological Exhibition Hall (Address: No. 236-3, Kangle Street, Neihu District, Taipei City)2. By Public Transportation: Disembark at MRT Kunyang Station or Donghu Station and take bus S1 shuttle to Qitou.
The 25th bi-annual congress of the International Committee for Documentation of Cultural Heritage (CIPA) is taking place at Taipei for the first time between August 31 and September 4. Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang hosted a soiree for the dignitaries at Zhongshan Hall on September 1. CIPA is an influential international organization which serves as a source of reference on the preservation of cultural heritage for UNESCO based on scientific research and technology applications. CIPA conducts international symposiums attended by experts in the fields of digital conservation and education, among others.During her address, Chou noted that Taipei is best known for the skyscraper Taipei 101, despite being home to a plethora of cultural assets. The capital of the island boasts tangible historical sites, architecture, and artefacts as well as intangible customs and traditions. The hosting of the event provides momentum for Taipei to strengthen its efforts in heritage preservation as it prepares for the World Design Capital 2016, Velo-city Global 2016, and Summer Universiade 2017.She recalled her excitement after receiving notice of CIPAs decision to select Taipei as the location for its bi-annual convention in 2015. She also invited the guests to explore what Taipei has to offer and feel the vibes of the city. On the part of CIPA, President Andreas Georgopoulos observed that Taipei is a city highly sensitive to and attaching great importance to heritage preservation. The venue of the dinner banquet, Zhongshan Hall, well demonstrated how a 1928-built building can be restored and put to special use. 
Good news for owners of iPASS! Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that starting September 1, all MRT stations will accept iPASS for traveling in Taipeis rapid transit system. The Yellow-color smart card reader at designated gates across 117 MRT stations can be identified by its width and barrier-free design. The screen at these designated turnstiles will also display information such as the remaining charges on the specific card when they enter or exit. iPASS Users also enjoy both the 20-percent discount on MRT fares and the discount available for bus/MRT transit. According to the company, roughly 1,622 riders utilized iPASS for MRT travel as of 4 PM on the first day. A total of 18 iPASS cards were sold at MRT stations and 239 iPASS recharging activities were conducted during the same period.The company remarked that the Kaohsiung Rapid Transit Corporation is working on compatibility of the EasyCard with Kaohsiungs metro system. It hopes to realize this vision by July of 2016.
On August 29, Mayor Ko Wen-je took on the role of Taipeis ambassador when he visited Wanhua District for a short city travel experience to promote a community boasting a mixed culture of the old and the new.The trip featured an itinerary spanning Taipei Renji Hospital, Gushanyuan Inn, Dali Garment Street, Longshan Temple underground mall, Monga Park, Herb Lane, Bopiliao Historic Block, and Heritage and Culture Education Center of Taipei. These locations play roles in shaping the various facets of Wanhua.At Gushanyuan Inn, the mayor tried his hand at the art of folding a quilt into different patternsa signature specialty of the hotel. He joked that the owner should develop an SOP for quilt-folding to allow the tradition to be passed down. As each room comes with a specially-arranged quilt, he believes it will serve as a surprise with creativity for guests. Wrapping up his city tour, Ko expressed his contentment in the exploration of Wanhua. Among all the stops during the trip, he lauded Bopiliao Historic Block for its unique value as an intact cultural asset, noting a more thorough approach is needed to fully unlock the potential of the area. During a media Q&A session, Ko remarked that the city government is tackling challenges confronting Wanhua District. Efforts include cleaning up Monga Park and lowering the number of homeless people congregating at the site. He promised that city officials will continue to implement measures to subvert the unpleasant image of Monga Park.  
To observe the implementation of measures seeking to enhance the traffic environment at local boroughs, Mayor Ko Wen-je conducted an inspection visit to Xinying Borough in Zhongzheng District on August 31.The mayor explained that Xinying Borough has been selected as the pilot site for adjustment aimed at changing the traffic environment. These changes include the addition of pedestrian walkways, deployment of red and yellow lines, planning of parking spaces for cars and motorcycles, and restriction of motorcycle parking along pedestrian arcades.Accompanied by Transportation Commissioner Chung Hui-yu and borough chief Ho Kuo-jung, the mayor attended a briefing session at the community arts and culture center followed by a short trip to Jinhua Street, Ningpo E. Street, Hangzhou S. Road, and Lane 119 of Roosevelt Road Section 1.Noticing the large number of red lines on the side of the streets, reporters asked the mayor what his plans were for roadside parking space. Ko replied that with so many rivaling opinions on where red lines and parking spaces should exist, it is important to conduct comprehensive planning on the borough level rather than on the level of individual streets and lanes. Doing so will prevent the unnecessary drawing and redrawing/removal of red lines and parking spaces.Ko remarked that the maximum implementation budget for each borough is roughly NT$600,000, though he admitted not all the neighborhoods will require the full amount. He looks forward to project execution as soon as possible, hoping that this project will help ameliorate traffic pain from the approach of community participation and public involvement.
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over an outdoor talk on the Revitalization of Zhongzheng and Wanhua Districts at Longshan Junior High School on August 29.During his address, the mayor noted that Longshan Temple, which used to be the origin of Taipei, has lost its luster over the years, becoming an old community. He assured residents that the city government will not seek to transform Zhongzheng and Wanhua districts into another Xinyi District by tearing down old buildings. The plan aims to preserve what is considered worth preservingsuch as edifices of historical significance--while adding new elements to the region. It will be implemented on the principles of open government and public participation, taking into consideration the opinions of locals. Deputy Mayor Lin, along with a number of department heads, took the opportunity to explain the details of the project. The Department of Urban Development will construct 2,064 units of public housing and propel the urban renewal program  as well as Ximen Gateway Plan. The Department of Rapid Transit Systems took the opportunity to introduce MRT Wanda Line, which is now under construction. The Development of Economic Department laid out the plan on renovating four major markets and upgrading three commercial districts. The Public Works Department will enhance riverbank landscape and bring North Gate to its past glory. The Department of Social Affairs will integrate the citys resources to provide a one-stop care center covering the needs of kids, women, and the elderly. The mayor added that the city government has strengthened its effort to reduce the number of homeless people at Monga Park. He remarked that the problem, though difficult to address, will be resolved as the government is determined. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a press conference for the volume 4 of the comic series Crazy Hospital at the Taipei Expo Park on August 29.During his address to the audience, the mayor joked that the primary reason for him showing up is for an opportunity to obtain a free copy of the book.Ko pointed out that the process of creating a comic book is not only about drawing skills, but also about its content. He stressed that comics convey messages. Citing the works Black Jack and Team Medical Dragon, the mayor noted that these comics show that the authors possess in-depth knowledge about medical science. Lin Tzu-yao, the author of Crazy Hospital, pointed out that the author of Black Jack is also a doctor.The mayor remarked that the comic industry is an interesting industry that plays an important role in Japan. Since many people in Taiwan enjoy talking about cultural and creative industries, he believes that the growth and development of comics in Taiwan will serve as a highlight.
Commissioner Liou Ming-lone of Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) led a city delegation on a visit to the Bureau of Environment of Tokyo Metropolitan Government and Super Eco Town to study the environmental effort of the capital of Japan.The trip involved discussions spanning methods to enhance the efficacy of incinerators, techniques regarding anaerobic fermentation of kitchen waste, urban waste management, and particulate matter 2.5 (PM2.5) control.  With a population of 13 million, the Tokyo Metropolis places great emphasis on waste treatment. Effort has been invested into boosting incineration capacity and advancement of air control equipment over the years.On the other hand, the Food Recycling Law enacted by Japan in 2001 stipulates that food manufacturing and retailing industries should conform to different standards for waste recycle. Food waste should be delivered to the nations 170 anaerobic digestion plants, animal fodder plants, or fertilizer plants with a recycling rate targeting 85%.The environmental cooperation between the capitals of Taiwan and Japan is based on Asian Network of Major Cities 21--a network of major Asian cities jointly working for the development of the Asian region. Project collaborations cover the fields of urban design, industrial development, risk management, sustainability, among others. Both Taipei and Tokyo are members of the 13-member international organization.
Taipei City Emergency Rescue Team received invitation from Tokyo Metropolitan Government to take part in the upcoming Tokyo Tachikawa City Joint Comprehensive Disaster Prevention Exercise on September 1. Fire Department Sub-division Chief Chiu Kuang-ting will be leading a team comprising six members to take part in this years drill. The delegation will head for Tokyo on August 28.Commissioner Wu Chun-hong of the Fire Department presented the flag to the members of the team. During his address, the commissioner noted that Taipeis emergency rescue team is the first of its kind to be established in Taiwan. He hopes that the members can demonstrate their best sides at the upcoming event.To boost transnational cooperation in disaster prevention and to enhance emergency rescue capabilities, the Tokyo Metropolitan Government has been working with major cities across Asia in establishing a Network for Crisis Management. Taipei City has been invited to take part in this exercise for nine consecutive years.This years scenario spotlights the aftermath of a huge earthquake ravaging Tokyo area. Taipeis task force has been dispatched to Japan to conduct emergency rescue operations after receiving the request from Tokyo Metropolitan Government through the Network for Crisis Management. The exercise will not only demonstrate the skills of Taipeis team, but also serve as a platform for exchange among the rescue team from different countries. 
The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) teamed up with Shanghai Municipal Tourism Administration (SMTA) and EVA Air to kick off the campaign promoting Taipei-Shanghai tourism at Shanghai Science Hall on August 26.The event marked the first ever cooperation between government tourism agencies from both side of the Strait since the two metropolises inaugurated the city forums in 2010. Dubbed Micro Travel between the Twin Cities, the campaign highlights five themes--food, nostalgia, literature, covert places, and city silhouette. During the press event, TPEDOIT Commissioner Chien Yu-yen joined local travel expert Chiu Yi in introducing Dadaocheng to Shanghai residents, discussing topics from historical traces to culinary specialties.Taipei has designed a brochure containing five recommended itineraries, each highlighting a unique theme. These routes are suggested by travel bloggers with various styles who are tasked to lure more Shanghai visitors by writing about the charms of Taipei from their own experience.   As a way to encourage travelers to utilize Taipeis MRT system, the first 1,500 individuals from Shanghai who sign up for Micro Travel will receive a limited-edition EasyCard. According to EVA Air, the company has rolled out special packages, collaborating with both Taiwan and Shanghai travel agencies to promote bilateral trips in line with the new campaign. Currently there are 136 Taiwan-Shanghai flights a week operated by 10 airlines. 
The Department of Civil Affairs (DCA) announced that it has begun the implementation of waiving household registration certificate during application for city services. The first phase of the project involving amendments to regulations is slated for completion by the end of 2015.In the past, application for services such as subsidies for senior citizens from low income families, status verification for low income and mid-low income households, and benefits for disabled individuals require submitting a copy of the applicants household registration certificate. For low income families, the additional process to acquire the copy of the certificate is not only time-consuming, but also incurs extra cost. With the aforementioned cases reaching 300,000 each year, the certificate waiver will significantly reduce the cost of service application for the public. In the case of a certificate requiring NT$30 for 2 A4-size pagers, the elimination of the document will reduce NT$12 million in fees for the public each year.The agency pointed out that for services requiring household registration certificate, other documents  ID card, new version household registration certificate, or digital household registration certificate, and more  can be used as alternatives.DCA Commissioner Lan Shih-tsung pointed out that in addition to saving NT$12 million in expense for citizens, the policy also helps to reduce paper use by 400 boxes of A4 papers, reduce travel time for acquiring the certificate, and cut back CO2 emission by about 32,450 kg.
Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang met with a delegation led by French Senator Jean-Marie Bockel on August 25. Bocker is also the vice president of French Senates Taiwan Friendship Group.The dignitaries include French Senators, National Assembly members, and Economic Counsellor of French Office in Taipei Pierre Moussy.Chou exchanged opinions with the guests on a wide range of topics including urban design, culture, sustainable development, and green energy. She also expressed hopes to expand cooperation ties with the European country. The deputy mayor noted that Taiwan and France have established closer ties in culture, education, and technology fields in recent years. For example, Taiwanese art groups stage an average of over 150 performances annually in France, while Taipeis artist-in-residence program has seen the participation of 21 artists from Paris, Lyon, Bourges, and Alpes-Maritimes. The French politicians remarked that they were impressed with Taipeis urban renewal efforts, clean streets, and success with YouBike. They recognized the challenges the city faces in renovating derelict buildings, preserving historical sites, and pushing ahead with urban renewal polies posed by its dense population, limited availability of land, and old edifices blended with the new ones. The attendees also discussed bicycles right of way and methods to increase civic awareness. According to the city government, France enjoys an international reputation in scientific achievements despite its romantic image. The worlds first high speed rail, for example, was developed by the European country. Taiwan and France have 58 joint scientific programs, the latest two involving robotics and green energy. Having established a sister city bond with Versailles, the deputy mayor pointed out that Taipei is interested in connecting with more French cities. The two sides can explore further cooperation opportunities and share experience as in creative industry and animal conservation. 
The Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) greeted two local high school students dispatched to the agency for three day hands-on experience from August 17 to 20. The two students from Taipei Municipal Zhongshan Girls High School are participants of the City Government Summer Camp program. During their stay with the agency, the students followed agency staff on chores ranging from environmental inspection, maintenance, and pest control, as well as trips to the Recycled Furniture Center, Yanhui Book Warehouse, and Taipeis incinerator facility. Through hands-on experience during the summer camp, the students were able to learn more about the daily chores of frontline city sanitation workers and the challenges in maintaining a clean environment. DEP welcomes the public to join the rank of volunteers to help make the city clean and protect our environment. 
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that the MRT network will launch its multi-electronic card system on September 1. Passengers will be able to use iPASS to take the MRT, in addition to EasyCard.The iPASS is a contactless smart card issued by iPASS Corporationa joint venture established by Kaohsiung Rapid Transit Corporation (KRTC) in cooperation with a number of municipal governments and businesses. Like EasyCard, iPASS can be used as a transportation ticket in selected municipalities, as well as to make payments at partner stores across the island. The information counter at all Taipei MRT stations will also offer services spanning iPASS purchase, value-adding, inquiry of card use history, and assistance with operational problems. According to TRTC, the yellow iPASS reader machine will be installed at the broader-type or accessibility fare gates. iPASS holders also receive the 20 percent discount of MRT fares and preferential offer for MRT-Bus transfer.For more information on the use of iPASS, please dial the 24-hour TRTC hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or visit the TRTC Chinese website http://www.metro.taipei/  
On August 24, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) published a case of individual contracting dengue fever abroad and reported that it has completed disinfection measures for areas around where the individual lives, works, and sought medical assistance. The agency also took the opportunity to announce the implementation of Mosquito Eradication and Clean-up Day, calling for city sanitation workers and volunteers to clean up the environment at local districts and boroughs to help prevent the spread of the disease.In light of a rise in dengue fever patients with recent travel records to Southeast Asian nations, DEP pointed out that it conducts regular insecticide administration at all of the 456 boroughs in Taipei City once every two to three months. Between January and July of 2015, it carried out 1,401 such visits to boroughs across the city. To further implement vector control, agency staff and volunteers also emptied stagnant water from 1,914 containers and 1,220 deserted tires, as well as cleaned up 3,634 vacant plots. DEP reminds the public to eliminate standing water from containers and inspect places where water may accumulate after heavy rainfall such as old tires, flower pots, Styrofoam containers, unused buckets, and PET bottles. These places should be thoroughly cleaned and unwanted containers disposed of to reduce chances of mosquitos breeding.
On August 21, the city government held a forum to share its vision of Dihua Street with local businesses and residents. The organizers of the forum invited them to express their opinions to help shape the future of the neighborhood, as Dihua Street neighborhood is facing the challenge to transform itself while preserving its unique culture.Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong pointed out that Datong District, where Dihua Street is located, used to be the citys hub of thriving economic activity. The City has earmarked NT$10.3 billion for the development of Datong District in four years time. A work station was also established on July 23 in the neighborhood to facilitate communication between residents and the government. Following three sessions of Civil Caf, the city government has obtained the opinions of locals regarding transportation, tourism, and industrial development for the area. The forum on August 21 further explored the issues about loosening restrictions on setting up B&Bs (bed and breakfasts) in the area, reviving traditional industries, and preserving historical blocks.The Department of Information and Tourism and the Department of Cultural Affairs will work to remodel historical buildings into lodgings to attract backpackers. The Department of Economic Development will integrate traditional businesses with emerging creative stores and incorporate technology into the old commercial district. In addition, both the Department of Urban Development and the Urban Regeneration Office will endeavor to keep intact edifices which bear historical significance and hold activities through Urban Regeneration Stations to breathe in new life. 
To show his support for environmental conservation, Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over a recycled furniture auction at the Neihu Recycled Furniture Exhibition Center and Auction House on August 23.According to the mayor, Taipeis environmental protection policy is considered to be well implemented compared to others around the world. However, he added that there is still room for improvement, and policies on waste separation, reduction, and recycling should be continued.The mayor remarked that this is his second visit to the facility in Neihu. His previous visit was to promote the Yanhui Book Warehouse, and he took the opportunity to thank Carrefour for setting up used book collection points at stores around the island. He pointed out that the Department of Environmental Protection categorizes the donations and places them on its website, offering them to children with needs.Noting that many of the refurbished pieces consist of rare and precious wood such as Taiwan cypress, he encouraged the public to visit the auction to find bargains.The mayor presided over the auction of an antique camphor box, a refurbished bicycle, and a chest made of Taiwan cypress.
As one of the most important policies of Mayor Ko Wen-jes administration, the city government will launch a brand-new i-Voting system by the end of 2015 to realize its vision of public participation.According to Commissioner Lee Wei-bin of the Department of Information Technology (DOIT), the agency will use feedback from users in their online voting experience as reference when developing the new i-Voting system. The ultimate goal will be to create a system that incorporates diverse verification methods, accessible user-friendly interface, and intuitive operational features on a safe and reliable platform.The current Taipei City Government i-Voting system employs a simple interface with verification choices spanning accounts on social networking websites, ID, mobile phone number, and email. The new i-Voting website--to be used for either marketing or policy implementation purposes--will boast a more diversified and flexible authentication system depending on the nature of the topics specific subjects might require different security levels for voters identity verification. DOIT noted that the tender process was completed in August and development is now in full swing. The public can expect the new i-Voting system by the end of this year. The agency also encourages individuals to participate in the various online voting events by visiting the following website: http://www.ivoting.taipei.gov.tw/ (Chinese).  
Deputy Mayor Chou met with Swiss legislators Guy Mettan, Eric Leyvraz, and Jean-Romain Putallaz at City Hall on August 20. The guests hail from the Grand Council of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.The deputy mayor noted that Switzerland has placed a heavy emphasis on sustainable development, implementing strict measures regarding emission standards and waste management. Through its actions, the Swiss nation demonstrates to the world the integration of environmental protection with day-to-day living.The two sides exchanged opinions on a wide variety of issues including culture, environmental protection, education, and medical care.During the meeting, the guests lauded Mayor Ko Wen-jes policies on open government, public participation, and promotion of i-voting. Despite the absence of official diplomatic ties between the two nations, they believe that de-facto relations between the people will be boosted through city-to-city exchange and look forward to strengthening such interactions in the future.Geneva is home to many international organizations and a winner of European Energy Award Gold. The city is a long-time advocate of sustainable energy policies through programs such as offering free Geneva Transport Ticket to tourists to encourage the use of transportation during their stay. 
Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang met with members of a delegation led by Speaker of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly Vicki Dunne at city hall on August 19. Canberra, the capital of Australia, is also the largest inland city and political center of the Oceanian country. The meeting signifies the willingness of the two cities to boost bilateral relations. During the meeting, Chou pointed out that Taipei has established ties with Australian cities such as Gold Coast and Perth. The capital of the island will seek to forge closer relationship with Canberra, building upon past achievements. Future cooperation includes artist-in-residence programs, language exchange, green energy promotion, city tourism, among other areas.The deputy mayor also took the opportunity to invite the dignitaries to future international events to be hosted by TaipeiWorld Design Capital 2016, Velo-City Global 2016, and Summer Universiade in 2017.According to the Department of Information and Tourism, Taiwan and Australia have both seen significant growths in visitor numbers in recent years. Taking 2013 and 2014 as examples, the island saw an increase of Australian tourists from 65,777 to 78,674, while the number of Taiwanese visitors to Australia surged from 19,824 to 85,745. Set on highlighting the Tourism ABC (App, Bus, Culture) campaign in 2015, the promotion of tourism flows between the two countries will be a priority on the city governments agenda. 
Department of Information Technology (DOIT) Deputy Commissioner Kao Yung-huang attended the joint signing ceremony organized by the Industrial Development Bureau of the Ministry of Economic Affairs for the subsidy program of its Construction of 4G-based Smart City project on August 19.The 4G project will become the collaboration among Chungwa Telecom, Industrial Development Bureau, and local governments. Chungwa Telecom will also invest NT$312 million in developing three major application service areas for Taipei, including smart obstacle-free application services, creative industry and tourism application services, and smart commercial district application services.Deputy Commissioner Kao pointed out that the use of the smart obstacle-free application service will provide assistance to facilitate movement for visually-challenged citizens, disabled individuals, and senior citizens in Taipei. The service employs tools such as location identification, 4G visual guidance, and coordinates assistance by volunteers to help these individuals get to the place where they want to go.As for applications focusing on tourism and creative industry, a trial project will be carried out for Songshan and Huashan creative parks combining technology and creative contents, as well as diverse positioning and mobile visual and audio guides. This will allow visitors to tour the parks while obtaining key information on their mobile devices. With visitor numbers reaching 6.5 million, the commercial district application will help boost Taipeis tourism. The O2O service combining local characteristics and marketing information will help commercial districts improve their contact with potential customers and boost business through smart management.
On August 18, Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang met with a delegation consisting of members from the Liberal Democratic Party of Japan at city hall. The delegation is led by Japanese Parliamentarian Makihara Hideki, the director of the partys Youth Division. The Youth Division of the LDP Party is an important channel for exchange between Taiwan and Japan. Many prime ministers used to serve as the director of the division. Delegations from the agency have visited the island on a regular basis since 1965, a tradition initiated by the then-director Toshiki Kaifu (who later became prime minister of Japan). It is the first official visit by the LDPs Youth Division since Mayor Ko Wen-je assumed office. Makihara conveyed his congratulations to the deputy mayor. Chou took the opportunity to express her gratitude for the delegations visit, which takes place during the current session of the Japanese Diet. She invited Japan to take part in the upcoming Velo-city Global 2016 and the 2017 Summer Universiade, which will both be hosted by Taipei.The two sides exchanged opinions on topics ranging from tourism, art, culture, to sports exchange.
Mayor Ko Wen-je delivered an address at the Taipei-Shanghai Forum in Shanghai on August 18. This is his first trip to the Chinese city since he assumed office. He began with remarks to reassure the long lasting friendship between Taipei and Shanghai in the changing world. The Taipei-Shanghai Forum will continue to play the role as a platform for innovative exchange between the two metropolises, according to the mayor. Laying out his vision for the capital of the island in 2050, Ko noted that Taipei will seek to implement plans in the spirit of public participation and open government. He emphasized the three elements in policy formulation  public opinion, professionalism, and value.  Ko stated that this year the city forum will set a new model for cooperation between public and private sectors through four symposiums, attended mostly by people from non-government backgrounds. He took the opportunity to thank Shanghai City Government for accommodating the 130-strong delegation from Taipei City. Speaking of memorandums to be signed by the two sides, Ko pointed out that the experience-sharing on public affairs and electronic ticket system will be the highlights, in addition to administrative exchange. Taipei Easy Card Corporation has issued a special-edition EasyCard for the Taipei-Shanghai Forum, signaling possible collaboration in transportation smart cards between the two cities in the future.Ko stressed that Taipei will continue to engage with Shanghai--a first-tier city in one of the worlds biggest economies--based on cultural affinity and four mutual valuesmutual recognition, mutual understanding, mutual respect, and mutual cooperation. He reckoned that Taipei will seek to promote exchanges and increase goodwill among people on the two sides of the straits based on these principles. This forms the core of his 2015 New Perspective. Expressing his interest in visiting some of the iconic historical sites in Shanghai, Ko remarked that men are insignificant in the face of buildings bearing historical marks. Therefore, we should treat each other with a humble heart and pursue the path of peace through forging cross-strait ties.
On August 17, Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived in Shanghai for the Taipei-Shanghai Forum. He was greeted at the airport by Deputy Mayor of Shanghai Weng Tiehui and Deputy Secretary-General Zong Ming.  At a meeting with Shanghai Mayor Yang Xiong, Ko expressed his gratitude to his Shanghai counterpart for the hosts hospitality. He hopes that the event will contribute to a better understanding and strengthen mutual trust between the people of the two cities. According to Ko, the forum will highlight private sector participation. In addition to the official agenda, topics spanning community medical services, smart city, youth entrepreneurship, as well as a neo city that honors both modernity and tradition will be featured. He believes that developing closer ties between the private sectors on the two sides of the strait will help create a win-win situation for all.In a display of good will, the two leaders prepared gifts for exchange during the meeting. Yang presented Taipeis mayor with a lacquer plate bearing the patterns of Yulan Magnolia and Azaleacity flowers of Shanghai and Taipei respectivelyto symbolize everlasting friendship. Ko reciprocated with an award-winning painting by a Taiwanese junior high student conveying a message of peace and hope.
Do you possess a two-stroke motorcycle? Do you know that the emission of pollutants such as HC, CO, and PM2.5 from these fuel guzzlers may reach as much as 20 times more than those emitted from a four-stoke bike?To encourage the public to replace their old two-stroke motorcycles with newer ones equipped with more environmental-friendly technologies, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) will be adopting a two-pronged approach of boosting incentives and strengthening examinations. Motorists can register for replacement subsidies of NT$1,500 through the Citys scrappage program when they want to retire their old two-stroke motorcycles. Furthermore, those who replace their old motorcycles with new electrical ones will receive incentives up to NT$26,300. The subsidy is available for motorcycles which can produce emission exam records from the year or previous year of the old vehicles retirement. On the other hand, DEP suggests that the central government should change the regulations and lower the HC emission standard of vehicles currently being used to 2,000 ppm. At the current stage, the new emission standard set by the Environmental Protection Agency for transportation vehicles applies only to new vehicles, while older vehicles only have to comply with the standards set before 2004. This results in large numbers of high-emission cars out in the streets, creating a negative impact on air quality. DEP reminds the public that those failing the emission tests may be subject to fines between NT$1,500 and NT$3,000. For more information, please visit the Chinese website of DEP (http://www.dep.gov.taipei/) or call the agency (TEL: 02-2728-7241, Mr. Chou).
At a banquet on water resource protection on August 15, Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over an charity auction featuring items donated by environmental protection groups to raise money to preserve invaluable water resources.Ko also took the opportunity to donate NT$100,000 to various environmental protection organizations including Taiwan Water Resources Preservation Alliance, Changhua Medical Alliance for Public Affairs, Fight for Health Womens Group, and Taiwan Electromagnetic Radiation Hazard Protection and Control Association to support efforts in protecting water resources.During his address, the mayor noted that he experienced a lot of pressures from developers to start on projects. Pressure also comes from developers and representatives when he prohibits development projects. Yet, whenever a typhoon approaches the city, he cannot help but ponder about the problems created by continued developments. The mayor pointed out that while the island enjoys a diverse ecology, the overall environment is considered to be fragile  especially in the area of water resource. It is quite unbelievable that even though theres abundant rainfall every year, Taiwan still faces problems related to drought and flooding. The problem is that heavy rainfalls are often too concentrated, which creates problems such as inability to retain water before water flows back into the sea and heavy rain over short period of time resulting in flash floods. When talking about Taipeis drainage system, he remarked that the design can handle 78 millimeters of rainfall per hour. However, rainfall exceeding this standard will inevitably lead to flooding. Furthermore, according to report by Taipei Water Department, mere rainfall can increase the turbidity level of water to over 10,000 Nephelometric Turbidity Units. In the future, it will be necessary to strengthen efforts in soil conservation to protect our water resources as well.
The city government announced the opening of the Water exhibition at Pavilion of New Fashion in Taipei Expo Park on August 14. The exhibition will run for two years.As the first expo hall in the world constructed with recycled PET bottles, the Pavilion of New Fashion is a green architectural landmark which has received much international media coverage since the days of the Flora Expo.Following the conclusion of the floral showcase, the pavilion was donated to the city government by the Far Eastern Group. A total of 20 activities spanning art, recreation, health, and environmental education have taken place at the venue, among which a butterfly and botanical garden event attracted over 50,000 visitors. To raise awareness on sustainability and the importance of natural resource recycling, the Pavilion of New Fashion will feature an exhibition dedicated to the dissemination of water-related knowledge, as well as incorporating public and private sector entities such as Industrial Technology Research Institute, Taiwan Public Television, National Geographic Channel, and others. Guided tours will also be available for elementary and junior high school students, with the aim of reinforcing aqua education at an early age. The extracurricular program can also be integrated with trips to Zhongshan Family Center, Maji Marketplace, Taipei Fine Arts Museum, and other facilities in the proximity of the Pavilion of New Fashion.Water Exhibition at Pavilion of New FashionDate: August 14, 2015 (lasting two years)Time: 10 AM to 5 PM on Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and national holidaysGuide to the Exhibition:Ground Floor: Water and Lifewater science, experiencing the travail of African people to access waterFirst Floor: Water and the Environmenttorrential rain VS droughtSecond Floor: Water and Citytesting your knowledge of waterThird Floor: Water and Earthtaking a peek into the secrets of water  
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the 14th Council for Promotion of Tourism in Asia (CPTA) on August 13. He welcomed dignitaries from Seoul, Tokyo, Hanoi, among other cities across Asia on behalf of the city government. Ko noted that Taipei isreadying itself to host international events in the coming years such as Velo-City Global 2016, World Design Capital 2016, and Universiade Taipei in 2017. He hopes to drive up the momentum and boost the citys appeal as an ideal tourist destination.According to Ko, tourism industry not only serves as a pillar of the economy but also contributes to cultural exchange and mutual understanding among different nationalities. He believes that travel and tourism help boost mutual understanding, leading to a more peaceful world. The mayor also shared his views on expanding the presence of Muslim tourists in Taipei. Recognizing the special culinary requirements and religious needs of Muslims, Ko pointed out that Taipei will work to create a Muslim-friendly environment, hoping to lure more visitors from Islamic nations. The city government is cooperating with Chinese Muslim Association to establish Halal certification for restaurants and accommodation businesses. Packages and deals dedicated to Islamic travelers will be put in place in the coming year. 
Taipei Water Department issued a warning regarding a sudden rise in the turbidity level of water supplies following torrential rain in the afternoon of August 13.Examination shows the turbidity level of Xindian River rose to 10,000 Nephelometric Turbidity Units (NTU) from 600 NTU following the heavy rain. This exceeds the regular turbidity level by nearly 1,000 times.To lessen the impact upon filter facilities at water purification plants, the City has implemented measures such as decreasing water intake from rivers and reducing the pressure when supplying water to the public.The agency reminds the public to store water in case of emergencies  especially for residents of Yangmingshan and Beitou, who might experience irregularities in water supply. It also emphasizes the importance of saving water.For any questions regarding water use, please contact TWD by calling the 24-hour customer service hotline (TEL: 8733-5678).
During the 2015 Smart City x Mayor Forum on August 12, Mayor Ko Wen-je shared with the audience his views on the next steps in the development of Taipeis smart city policy.The mayor emphasized the key principles of open government, public participation, and an accessible platform to both businesses and the public. As for the governments role, Ko pointed out that it is impossible to ask the government to do everything. However, what it can do is to provide the people and businesses with a platform where they can exercise their potentials. He also believes in having city employees to exercise their skills freely, because it is not realistic to have all initiatives coming from the mayor. He encourages city workers to contribute their expertise to the overall effort.Talking about the recent challenges to the concept and mechanism of democracy, the mayor pointed out that he believes that a possible way to solve the dilemma is through openness. The concept of Gov 3.0, which sports open government, public participation, and transparency, allows the voices of the public to be heard, inviting them to participate and making the process more transparent to all.Regarding the boom in app development, the mayor noted that both private and public sectors are coming up with their own apps related with Taipei City. He instructed the Department of Information to place apps from both sectors onto the same platform, creating something in the lines of a Roman Coliseum, presenting all available options before the public and let them choose for themselves. Ko also discussed his vision of implementing the use of tablets and inclusion of internet course in the curriculum from elementary school through high school. Schools will be given the priority in receiving funding related with the smart city and digitization projects.
Taipei City Fire Department and Department of Health conducted the 2015 Greater Taipei Regionalized Trauma Care System Seminar at the Taipei Emergency Operations Center (Address: 5F, No. 2, Aly. 11, Ln. 391, Zhuangjing Rd., Xinyi Dist., Taipei City) on August 13.Representatives from the National Fire Agency, Fire Department of other municipal departments, 10 hospitals in the Greater Taipei area, and the Department of Health in New Taipei City and Keelung City attended this event.In light of the recent dust explosion accident, Mayor Ko stated the importance of sending the right patient to the right place at the right time through integrating the emergency medical care system in the greater Taipei area, allowing the delivery of victims to the nearest hospital.The Fire Department of Taipei City Government noted that 5 administration offices, National Taiwan Hospital, Taipei Municipal Wanfang Hospital, and Shin Kong Wu Ho-Su Memorial Hospital have established regionalized Emergency Medical Services Systems to implement the bypass principle and deliver injured personsto adequate hospitals in time since April of 2011.Withthe mayors new policy, Taipeis Department of Health and Fire Department seeks to implement the patient dispatch bypass plan based on severity of injury and establish a trauma care online registration system, hoping to expand services to cover the entire greater Taipei area. 
"Mayor Ko Wen-je joined city officials and borough chiefs to inaugurate the Shezidao Development Office on August 11. Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong and Land Department Deputy Commissioner Yi Li-min have both been appointed as the convener and executive of the project, respectively. The office will be responsible for coordinating and tracking the progress of programs related to the rejuvenation of Shezidao. Any up-to-date information will be reported to the city government within one hour, thanks to a dedicated work station set up at Kuntianting Temple on June 15.  On the same day, Taipei City Council approved a preliminary NT$ 199.21 million budget for the project.	 According to Deputy Mayor Lin, Shezidao redevelopment was officially launched on June 27, when Mayor Ko visited the area and met with local residents. Since July 16, a total of seven city departments have been involved in conducting research to obtain an overview of the area, including building conditions, water and power supply, doorplate arrangement, middle and low income household survey, temple locations, industry status, and more. The research is slated for completion in September. The city government has also promulgated guidelines based on which the illegal building issue and water and electricity provision for Shezidao should be dealt with.     	Yi Li-min pointed out that staff from the Land and Urban Development departments will be stationed at the office. The establishment of a database will continue, with final development plans expected around the end of the year. "
While most visitors know about the excellent hot spring facilities in Beitou, fewer people realize that the northern district of Taipei also produces quality yunohana (hot spring flowers  crystalline compounds found in the environment surrounding hot springs).  To promote product recognition, identification, and value of the hot spring flowers produced in Beitou, the Department of Economic Development (DOED) implemented a full production management mechanism to ensure the quality of these crystal snowflakes, receiving a stamp which serves as a certificate on the original source of production issued by the Intellectual Property Office of the Ministry of Economic Affairs.  In a matter of two years, the gross output of the yunohana industry in Beitou has exceeded NT$25 million. While 20 businesses submitted applications for the stamp of authenticity, only 6 were approved due to the difficulty in meeting the requirements such as strict monitoring process on production, rigorous certification standards, and green light from third party inspection.   During the press conference promoting the hot spring flowers, spokesperson and skincare specialist Niu Er noted that the component of sulfur in the hot spring water of Beitou makes it one of the more special places across 17 hot spring areas across the island. The residue resulting from mineral property mixing with water helps keep the skin clean. He agreed to the position as spokesperson because his shares the belief in using natural products to help sustain the environment.  DED Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh also presented the certificate of production to the six businesses approved by the City for their yunohana products at the event. He also promoted the upcoming raffle event to market the product.  For more information, please visit the Chinese facebook fan page of Hot Spring Flower Baby Bo (Bo) (https://www.facebook.com/iliketaipei)  
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the opening ceremony for the first ever City Administration Summer Camp on August 10. Camp participants  students from elementary and junior high schools  will accompany the mayor on his daily itinerary and serve as interns at various city agencies during the three-day camp. During his address, Ko remarked that the camp seeks to boost bilateral communication between the government and the people. By allowing students to observe what the public officials are doing, the summer camp offers them an opportunity to learn about how city government operates and invites them to provide feedback and advice.In addition to making administrative affairs more transparent to the outside world and allowing the government to reflect upon itself, the summer program also serves the purpose of policy marketing, Ko noted.   The mayor joked that as children will not be punished for speaking their mind, he encourages the students to ask questions whenever they feel like it. He believes that the City will be able to make improvements through incorporating the fresh perspective of the youngsters.     
Following initial repair works after the typhoon, Taipei Zoo announced that the facility will reopen to the public on August 11.According to zoo officials, Typhoon Soudelor inflicted unprecedented damage upon the premises of Taipei Zoo, with damages to plants, animals, and structures exceeding NT$10 million. Staff, volunteers, and interns worked on cleaning up the debris and restoring the surroundings over Sunday and Monday.While basic typhoon prevention measures such as dredging of drainage and equipping of backup generators were adopted, the heavy winds and rains of Typhoon Soudelor brought down large trees and parts of buildings across the premises. Despite mobilization of manpower and heavy machinery, overall effort remained insufficient to clean up and remove the fallen debris in time. Fortunately, the effects of strong winds and rain upon zoo animals were limited inspecting staff members even reported that the zoo ostrich laid an egg during the typhoon. However, the zoos Botanic Garden which opened in 2004 sustained substantial damage, including a missing plant-made sculpture of a Tyrannosaurus. Taipei Zoo indicated that several zoo facilities will remain closed following the reopening of the zoo due to ongoing repair. These include the areas housing denizens such as raccoon, clouded leopard, parrot, aldabra giant tortoise, and orangutan. 
To ensure public safety, Taipei City Construction Management Office (CMO) announced a crackdown targeting illegal building structures used as kitchens for commercial purposes. The measure has been implemented starting August 1.Owners of the illegal structures will be requested to make improvements within a designated period of time. Those who fail to comply with the order by the deadline will have their properties forcibly torn down by the authorities starting October 1. According to CMO Director Chen Huang-cheng, kitchens illegally built for business premises are often equipped with high-risk equipment such as gas ranges and ovens. Accidents will likely lead to fire, which could cause damages to the building  even casualties. Cooking fumes could also pose risks to public health and lead to resentment among the neighbors. In light of this, CMO has made the project top on the agenda to be implemented in the second half of 2015. An estimated 421 cases have been placed on the list, with demolition work to be carried out from October through December.Related information on the illegal structures in question is available on the Chinese website of CMO (http://dba.gov.taipei/mp.asp?mp=118021). For inquiries, please dial 1999 Citizen Hotline.
Following the weekend landing by Typhoon Soudelor, Taipei Water Department (TWD) reported an alarming rise in the water turbidity level along Xindian River, resulting in a severe impact upon Taipeis water source.According to the department, turbidity level set a new record with a measurement of 39,300 Nephelometric Turbidity Units (NTU) at one point, surpassing the previous record of 12,000 NTU set by Typhoon Jangmi in 2008. The figure exceeded the processing capability of standard water treatment facility by six times.Household tap water across the city saw a rise in turgidity level due to suspended water treatment operations by TWD for six hours to allow facility cleaning to be conducted over the night, as well as electricity outages during the typhoon which hindered operation at various pumping stations across Taipei.TWD noted that restarting of operation at the three main water purification plants has helped to lower the turbidity level of water supplies to Taipei households. The turbidity level at these facilities has been reduced to 2 NTU or less, meeting the national standard.The agency suggests that the brown-color tap water should be used for cleaning or toilet use. If used for consumption, the tap water should be boiled beforehand.For any questions about water supply, please call the 24-hour customer service hotline of TWD (TEL: 02-8733-5678).
Do you want a website name that is catchy and unique? Now is the best opportunity to apply for a website with the top-level domain (TLD) of .taipei. The city government invites individuals or businesses to register for a .taipei website with either Chinese or English words as the subdomain. The deadline for applications is September 2. In an age of the internet, an easy-to-remember website is vital to creating an identifiable image while also serving to boost business opportunities. However, securing an ideal domain name is not easy under the traditional TLD of .com and could be costly. According to the Department of Information Technology (DOIT), many international brand names have rushed to apply for .taipei websites since the service was made available to enterprises earlier this year. From now on, any individual  regardless of gender, age, or location  will be able to go with the tide and obtain a one-of-a-kind .taipei website at preferential prices. To apply, please visit the official registry website at (http://www.nic.taipei/eng/index.html). Inquiries can be directed to service@nic.taipei or (02)2531-1330. The City also invites those interested to participate in the information sessions held by .taipei registry agency in Taipei, Taichung, and Kaohsiung in the months of September and October.
In compliance with the Citys flood prevention measures, the Department of Transportation (DOT) announced temporary adjustments to bus services with stops at riverside parks and wharf areas.1. BR20: The five daily services to Meiti Wharf will bypass the stop, traveling from Lequn 2nd Road to Jingye 3rd Road to MRT Jiannan Station, and taking the detour from Jingye 3rd Road to Lequn 2nd Road on the return route. 2. R33: The bus will skip the stops Yanping Temple and Dadaocheng Dock, taking the detour from Xining N. Road to Changan W. Road to Tacheng Street to Zhengzhou Road to Xining N. Road to Minsheng W. Road.3. G17: The bus will be rerouted at MRT Beimen Station, taking the detour from Tacheng Street to Zhonghua Road. Services to the following stops will be suspended during this period: Yanping Temple, Dadaocheng Dock, TCH Zhongxing Branch (Tacheng), Yuquan Li, Nanjing Xining Intersection, and Minsheng Xining Intersection. 4. Regular bus services will resume with the reopening of the floodgates.In addition, an Exit Only  No Entry policy has been implemented for the riverside area beyond the floodgates at Zhongshan, Songshan, Shilin, Wanhua, and Datong districts starting 7 PM on August 7.For more information on the latest public bus-related updates, please visit the 5284 city bus website in Chinese (5284.taipei.gov.tw), the 5284 mobile version website in Chinese (pda.5284.com.tw), or call the public bus information hotline (TEL: 0800-005284).DOT reminds the public to keep up with the latest traffic updates by visiting the agencys Chinese website (http://www.dot.gov.taipei/) or by calling the 1999 Citizen Hotline. 
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced the release of TRTC-developed  Go (Taipei Metro Go) application. The iOS version will be released at 10 AM on August 6. The public can access the latest MRT-related information, which is available for both iOS and Android platforms. According to TRTC, Taipei MRT Go currently includes information spanning real-time train arrival time, Youbike rental sites around MRT stations, park-and-ride facilities, bus transfer info, elevator locations, as well as a special function calculating the best route  in terms of the time and fare required.Should any irregularity occur that affects the operations of the MRT network, push notifications will be dispatched immediately to help passengers plan their travels in advance.   The app has seen over 30,000 downloads since its launch. TRTC will work on updating Taipei Metro GO to incorporate features such as accessibility map, locker availability, public parking lots in the vicinity, and more.In compliance with Taipeis open data policy, TRTC has made available 22 data sets regarding the  Go App to the public, thereby encouraging the development of value-added applications by the private sector. To learn more, please visit the Chinese website of Data.Taipei at: http://data.taipei/opendata/datalist/datasetByOrg?oid=379620000M 
In light of the approaching Typhoon Soudelor, the Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) completed several measures related with landslide preparation and established 17 LINE groups to strengthen communication among staff during emergencies.GEO Director Huang Li-yuan pointed out that the agency mobilized disaster prevention measures on August 4, ahead of a possible typhoon landing. These measures include inspections of over 50 creeks and streams, 24 old villages, and 65 industrial roads vulnerable to landslides, as well as sediment removal at 30 settling basins and examination of soil and water conservation along the Maokong Gondola.Ongoing constructions at 28 sites in mountainous areas across the city have also been suspended during this period. The 17 disaster prevention LINE groups include ones for emergency report by borough chiefs and inspection teams, for emergency repair involving constructions and sites, and one for engineers. Through the use of LINE software, the agency hopes to keep staff members updated on the latest development and strengthen the dissemination of typhoon-related information.The agency also established 12 depositories across the 7 administrative districts of Beitou, Shilin, Neihu, Xinyi, Daan, Wenshan, and Nangang. These facilities comprise staff members and rescue equipment on standby, ready to respond to landslides and other emergencies. The agency reminds the public to pay attention to the latest development of the typhoon and avoid conducting activities in mountainous areas during this period. Taking preparation measures before the typhoon will also help reduce the chance of hazards. For disaster prevention information on slope lands, please visit the following Chinese website: http://163.29.36.178/sora/
As part of the city governments policy to promote eco burial, Taipei Mortuary Services Office (MSO) announced that those who apply for the citys joint natural burial service will enjoy free shuttle service both to and from the burial ground starting August 4.  According to the agency, individuals signing up for tree/flower interment at either Fude tree burial ground or Yangmingshan flower burial ground are eligible for the one-stop service.Fude area (Yongai Park) boasts approximately 3,000 trees of different varieties, including cypress, Sweet Osmanthus, cherry trees, magnolia, pine, and shrubs. Yangmingshan (Zhenai Park) is home to a remarkable 20,000 trees of 22 species, featuring cherry blossom, Chinese fringe tree, azalea, camellia, and more.MSO pointed out that following the joint memorial services where families pay their last respects to the deceased every Tuesday and Thursday, guests attending the funeral will head to the natural burial grounds on the shuttle. They will return to the hall via the shuttle after the interment of the deceased. To sign up for joint funerals and shuttle services, please visit either the Taipei First or Second Funeral Parlor between 8 AM and 4 PM, Monday to Saturday. More information can be found at the Chinese website of MSO (www.mso.taipei.gov.tw).
Mayor Ko Wen-je presented the flag to the young athletes from the baseball team of Dongyuan Elementary School in the afternoon of August 4.The team defeated their rivals from South Korea in the Asia-Pacific tournament of Little League Baseball (LLB), winning them a ticket to the LLB World Series in the United States.During the event, the mayor wore a team jersey carrying the number 66 to join the young players in light warm-up and practice. The jersey will be auctioned online later, with the fund going to support the young athletes for the upcoming trip to Pennsylvania.In addition to praising the young athletes for their outstanding performance, the mayor also praised the coaches, school faculty members, PTA members, and supporters for making the achievement possible.Ko pointed out that this was not the first trip for Dongyuan Elementary School to the LLB World Series. The team won its first LLB World Series title in 1972. After four decades, the younger generation from the school will have a chance at bringing the title back home again.With Taipei preparing to host the Summer Universiade in 2017, the mayor hopes to utilize this opportunity to promote Taipei as a city of sports, making it a part of the daily life of local residents. 
On July 31, Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang met with her counterpart of Copenhagen Pia Allerslev, who is in charge of children and youth affairs in the capital of Denmark. The two leaders exchanged views on city administration in areas of youth education, innovative education, cultural exchange, strengthening city partnerships in the international community, and others. Extending a warm welcome to the dignitaries, Chou invited Allerslev and the visiting delegation to participate in the events of the 17th Taipei Arts Festival which kicked off on July 31.During the meeting, Deputy Commissioner of Department of Education introduced to the visiting officials Taipeis educational system and an outlook of the international educational scene, seeking to establish a student exchange program between Taipei and Copenhagen to help the youngsters broaden their worldview.  Allerslev pointed out that the two metropolises share common experience in urban and sustainable development. She was impressed at the hospitality and enthusiasm exhibited by the citys volunteers during the 2010 Taipei International Flora Expo.As Taipei gears up for the 2016 World Design Capital, Velo-city Global 2016, and 2017 Taipei Universiade, Chou also invited the Copenhagen dignitaries to visit the following events in Taipei. According to Allerslev, cycling has become a major means of transportation in the Danish city, which boasts a biking network of 400 kilometers. 
Taipei City Foreign and Disabled Labor Office (FDLO) announced that the third session of 2015 Free Health Checkup for foreign laborers will take place at the area from West 1 Exit to North 3 Exit inside Taipei Main Station on August 9 (1 PM - 4:30 PM).     Jointly organized by FDLO, Buddhist Tzu Chi International Medical Association, and Taipei City Hospital, the event has received positive feedback from participants in the previous two sessions.   According to FDLO, foreign workers often suffer from muscular and skeletal injuries because of taking care of elders and children or heavy work. In light of this, there will be free medical checkups performed by experts in Ophthalmology, Dermatology, Dentistry, otolaryngology, General Medicine, Gynecology, Orthopaedics, and traditional Chinese medicine.   In addition, interpreters proficient in Filipino, Vietnamese, Bahasa Indonesia, and Thai will assist foreign workers at the venue.   Based on statistics from the previous check-up sessions, a majority of participants have tooth decay, xerophthalmia, skin allergies, or sore muscle. FDLO will invite personnel from Taipei City Hospital to promote health awareness. FDLO encourages foreign workers to visit the event venue to receive free medical examinations.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je joined Italian Economic, Trade, and Cultural Promotion Office Representative Donato Scioscioli in unveiling the vending bicycle for the OPTOGO (One Pavilion To Go) project to promote the island at the 2015 Milan World Expo on August 1.The Taiwan Pavilion, seeking to introduce Taiwan delicacies and culinary culture to Italians and expo-goers, will open for business in September. It will feature three themesCasa di Taiwan (Cuisine Apartment), Vendors Taiwan (Vending Bicycle), and The Pavilion without Roots. Casa di Taiwan, located at Palazzo Bovara Corso Venezia 56 in Milano, will open from 4 PM to midnight starting September 5. The Renaissance-style building will recreate the Taiwanese local food scene. Vendors Taiwan will see three vending bicycles peddling across Milan between 10 AMand 8 PM starting September 10, distributing recipes of Taiwan snacks around the Italian city, such as stinky tofu, pearl milk tea, oyster omelet, tofu pudding, beef noodle, fried sweet potato balls, and more. The Pavilion without Roots, on the other hand, will open 10 AM to 8 PM starting September 25 featuring an exhibition of the islands civic gastronomic culture. According to founder of OPTOGO Su Min, the project has seen the participation of 230 volunteers, among which 68 volunteers and seven journalists have traveled to Milan to work on the preparation of Taiwan Pavilion at their own expense. The mayor took the opportunity to express his gratitude to the civic groups for their dedication to increasing the international profile of Taiwan. This is the first time for the island to participate in World Expo with the campaign mounted by citizens. He stressed that Taiwan should not be absent from the quadrennial event.  
To commemorate the first month of the Childrens Fun Fair at Dajia Riverside Park, the organizer is offering new one-day ticket starting August 1.The ticket offers unlimited access to the following facilities for the day: water slide, bubbly cushion boulevard, bouncy house, and paddle boat. The price for one-day ticket is NT$199 for weekdays, and NT$250 for weekends and holidays. Starting August 4, the new schedule for the fair will be as follows: 2 PM to 7 PM on weekdays and 9 AM to 8 PM on weekends and holidays.The Hydraulic Engineering Office noted that new facilities operating at the Childrens Fun Fair include canoes, water bicycles, and four-seat water cycles. Both kids and adults will no doubt find exciting waterborne fun at the local riverside fair!How to Get There:Driving: Exit the National Freeway at the Binjiang Interchange, turn right (or turn left after traveling on Binjiang Street) toward Dajia Elementary School. Enter the riverside area via Floodgate 8 or Floodgate 9 on Binjiang Street and follow the signs.Bus: Take BR16, 72, 222, or 527 and disembark at Riverside Park Dajia Section Stop.MRT: Disembark at MRT Dazhi Station or MRT Xingtian Temple Station. Transfer to bus 72 or 222 and get off at Riverside Park Dajia Section Stop.  
To promote quitting smoking, Department of Health has teamed up with 68 hospitals to offer smoking cessation clinic servicefree of registration feebetween August 1 and October 31. Individuals aged 18 or over who wish to quit smoking are encouraged to visit the participating hospitals for medical intervention. With a National Insurance Card, they will be exempted from the registration fee they will only be charged NT$200 at maximum for the prescribed medications.The 68 hospitals include Taipei City Hospital branches, NTU Hospital, Mackay Memorial Hospital, Shin Kong Wu Ho-Su Memorial Hospital, Cathay General Hospital, and Taipei Veterans General Hospital.According to World Health Organization, an average of 7 million people die from cigarette use-related diseases. Life expectancy for smokers is approximately 15 years shorter than for nonsmokers.  For a more detailed list of the 68 hospitals and clinics, visit http://subweb.health.gov.tw /Nosmoking/ (Chinese) or dial 1999 Citizen Hotline, extension 7117. 
Taipei City Foreign and Disabled Labor Office (FDLO) has collaborated with 26 massage parlors employing visually-impaired masseurs and 15 sheltered workshops to hold the i-AMOUR Visually Impaired Massage eventrunning from August 1 to 31. People who check in at any of the 93 participating massage parlors shown on the i-AMOUR official website and upload a photo taken at the venues will have a chance to bring home prizes, such as i-ROBOT vacuum cleaner, CANON digital camera, and far infrared foot spa bucket.Department of Labor Commissioner Lai Hsiang-lin noted that all visually impaired masseurs have taken professional training lessons and passed National Certification for Massage Therapists, sure to offer customers some of the most relaxing massage experience.In addition, FDLO has set up the i-AMOUR Visually Impaired Massage website, combining a map of visually impaired massage parlors map with various enquiry systems, such as Taipei Bus Information and Transit System, parking information, and YouBike locations.For more information, please visit the official website of i-AMOUR at http://www.web-fd.taipei/i-AMOUR (Chinese) or call (02) 2559-8518 #6296.
On July 28, Mayor Ko Wen-je introduced the Taipei City Torrential Rain Disaster Prevention and Damage Reduction Project to the media during the press conference following the City Executive Meeting. The mayor pointed out that with the increase of torrential rain and flashflood due to climate changes, Taipei Citys current flood prevention plans can is divided into three phases: pre-disaster prevention, disaster response, and post-disaster recovery. In the future, the city government plans to devise a map of flood-prone areas across the city, which will be distributed to borough chiefs. In addition, it will revise qualification standards for applying for subsidies regarding home flood gate installations. According to the mayor, the city government will release the geographic information of flood-prone zones of Wenshan District during the initial phase. The maps indicate potential flooding areas during rainfall of 70 mm per hour, 100 mm per hour, and 130 mm per hour.Noting that Taipeis past policy on providing across-the-board subsidies for home flood prevention facility did not comply with regulations, Ko pointed out that approval of future applications will be based upon the standards set out by the central government.Furthermore, the city government plans to establish a flooding information short message service platform on Taipei City Disaster Prevention and Rescue Information Website http://www-ws.gov.taipei/001/Upload/public/)(Chinese). Residents signing up for the service will receive warning on heavy rainfall for districts they choose. This will allow residents time to prepare beforehand.
The Ice Land at Taipei Arena will host a 3-day-long ice-skating show featuring both local and international figure skating athletes. The event will take place between July 29 and 31.Organized in association with the Chinese Taipei Figure Skating Association, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) will invite figure skating celebrities such as Amy Lin, Micah Tang, Tammy Gambill, and Anthony Liu to showcase their skills in short performances  each lasting 3 to 6 minutes. The performances will begin at approximately 2:15 PM on the aforementioned dates.The event is also a precursor and warm-up to the 2015 Chinese Taipei National Figure Skating Championships, kicking off on August 1 at the Taipei Arena.For more information on Taipei Arena Ice Land, please visit the Chinese website of Taipei Arena (http://www.arena.taipei), the Chinese website of TRTC (http://www.metro.taipei/), or call the 24-hour TRTC customer service hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345). 
To ease the impact of summer heat for Taipei Childrens Amusement Park visitors, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) has installed water spray system among other methods to help bring temperatures down in the park.The 500-meter-long water spray system will be automatically activated when the sensor detects temperatures exceeding 26-degree Celsius. Visitors can rest assured that purified tap water is used for the sprinkler system. The water mist also adds an air of romance in addition to the cooling effect. Apart from the water mist, sunblock canopies have also been raised at the queuing areas of the outdoor entertainment attractions  as well as walkways  to provide escape from the scorching sun. For those who prefer to avoid the sun altogether, they are invited to seek night-time excitement at the park after 4 PM, when admission is free during summer vacation months (July 1-August 29). During this period, the opening hours will be extended to 8 PM on weekdays and to 9 PM on Saturday.TRTC reminds visitors that the plaza in front of the gate and entrance NO.2 have been marked with no-smoking lines. Starting August 1, individuals who light a cigarette at no-smoking zones will be subject to fines between NT$2,000 and NT$10,000.For more information about Taipei Childrens Amusement Park, please visit the official website http://english.tcap.taipei/ 
The Public Transportation Office (PTO) is currently looking into possible adjustments to the bus fare of public buses. It expects to introduce a detailed proposal by March of 2016.If approved by the city council, the new bus fare scheme will be implemented in early 2017.The agency commissioned the research on possible adjustments to bus fare for public buses in the Taipei metropolitan area in the beginning of July. The opinions from the public will also be used as references, hoping to develop a scheme that covers issues from concessionary discounts to improvements for on-vehicle validator. The proposal for fare adjustments will be introduced by March of 2016. The City hopes to implement the new scheme in early 2017 at the earliest.
In light of the high fatality rate of children in traffic accidents due to improper use or failure to use the child safety seat, Taipei City Government has teamed up with private taxi businesses to provide 120 units of such equipment for kids when riding in a cab.In a press event on July 27, Mayor Ko Wen-je acknowledged that accidents are the fifth out of the ten leading causes of death among children. Traffic collisions and falling account for the majority of the fatal accidents. Statistics indicates that the odds of death in cases where kids are not protected by safety seats when riding in vehicles are eight times higher than those who use the equipment correctly. In fact, most western countries have mandated the use of child-restraint systems in vehicles. The city governments campaign to promote the use of infant safety seats marks a step forward towards the standards of a civilized country to reduce safety risks posed to kids, Ko noted.For now, the stance of the city government is to encourage the use infant safety seats. Whether to make it mandatory will be decided in the future. Answering media questions about the fee for use of the seat, Ko noted the issue has yet to be discussed. 
Taipei City Government will be accepting up to 50 applications for this years free old building inspection program starting August 3. Due to limited availability, please apply as soon as possible.Construction Management Office Director Chen Huang-cheng noted that the program seeks to offer residents a better understanding of safety conditions of their living space. Launched back in 2013, the inspection is performed in 5 main categories including building structure, fire safety, evacuation route, safety facilities, and exteriors. A total of 470 cases (involving 23,764 households) have been conducted to date. After the inspection, the inspection report can be used by the applicant as a reference to request a more detailed examination to be conducted. If the condition is deemed to be severe, the applicant may apply for Old Building Renovation Subsidies from Taipei City Urban Regeneration Office.Chen further explained that once the number of applications exceeds 50, applicants may still have the inspection conducted by the authorized inspection organization at their own expense. The inspection is aimed at buildings over 20 years old and at least 3 stories tall, with more than half of the units as residential use confined within the shared areas and external walls. The inspection application may be submitted by the Building Management Committee, or alternatively the residents representatives upon the agreement of more than half of the house owners in case no such committee is established. Applicants may download the application forms from the Construction Management Office Website and submit the completed forms to the counter of the User Permit Section of the Construction Management Office.So far, there are four authorized inspection organizations, including the Taipei Architects Association, Taipei Professional Civil Engineers Association, Taipei Structure Engineering Association, and National Institute of Building Technology.
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over an outdoor talk on the subject of Datong District Rebirth on July 25. During the event, he announced plans to invest NT$10.3 billion in the administrative district in an effort to revitalize the old cultural center of Taipei.Noting that the voters of Datong District showed great support for him during his campaign trail, Ko felt obliged to place the development of the area on top of his administrative agenda. He noted that it takes collective wisdom to map out the future of the district, which boasts the thriving commercial hubs of Dadaocheng and Dalongdong. The mayor pointed out that the city government has held eight meetings dedicated to the redevelopment project, which involves an estimated NT$10.3 billion investment in areas spanning transportation to urban renewal in the coming four years.Ko stressed that the plans will not be implemented without first consulting with local residents. Upholding his principle of open government and public participation, residents are invited to express their opinions which will serve as reference for policy improvement. Regarding the issue of parking, Ko remarked that the city government is currently working on a 10-year draft plan to address the issue. He promised that with the execution of the plan, parking will no longer be a headache for residents of Datong District.  
The annual summer vacation education camp organized by the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) has kicked off on July 14. The topics for this year include Revisiting the Heritage of Dadaocheng and Games of Puppetry.According to the agency, volunteers will accompany summer camp students on a tour covering major locations across Dadaocheng, including the century-old Taiping Elementary School, neighborhood Chinese medicine shops, and Yongle Fabric Market. Through the tours, the students will acquire a better understanding on the history of Dadaochengs development in commerce from the perspective of Chinese medicine and fabric industry, as well as the impact of these businesses upon the culture of the district.One of the participants, an elementary school student surnamed Lee from Jiankang Elementary School in Songshan District, noted that she learned about the different types of recycled fabrics and the importance of consumption of in-season Chinese medicine ingredients to reduce inventory pressure and energy waste.The second tour, welcoming both parents and children, will introduce students to the development of three different kinds of puppet plays: glove puppetry, string puppetry, and shadow puppetry. The classes seek to educate participants on the importance of protecting cultural heritage through hands-on fun.
Mayor Ko Wen-je set out his vision on transforming Taipei into a more accessible city through the promotion of barrier-free restaurants during a press event on July 23. In the future, eateries which meet government standards on accessibility will be granted a Friendly Taipei Restaurant label.In addition to unveiling the logo, Ko noted that it is also important to establish a website, as well as developing a mobile application providing information on locations and characteristics of city-certified friendly restaurants. These platforms will also work to incorporate more information of interest to individuals with either hearing or visual impairments, as well as the physically-challenged.  According to Ko, the campaign to push for more accessible dining establishments will be a part of the citys effort to live up to its name of 2016 World Design Capital. He reckoned that the spirit of design lies not only in aesthetics, but also practicabilitya notion that should take into consideration the needs of the disabled.   The mayor pointed out that the city government has trained a number of disabled inspectors, who will visit restaurants and offer their suggestions on how to improve the barrier-free facilities on these premises.   Instead of making accessibility features compulsory, Ko stressed that the governments stance is to encourage more restaurants to join the cause and to offer incentives. By publishing the information of friendly restaurants online and integrating it with Google map, Taipei seeks to move forward step by step, creating a truly barrier-free city.
The Department of Information and Tourism will be promoting eco-tourism through the Velo & Fun@Taipei booth at the Travel Revolution Fair 2015. One of the spotlights at Taipeis booth is a 3-day-2-night travel package aimed at individual travelers starting at SGD 299. In addition, local tour companies and their Singapore counterparts will join force to offer customers great deals worth over SGD 500! Taipeis booth at the show will introduce Taipeis unique tourism scene through bicycle touring, culture, day-to-day living, and gourmet food. Those taking part in the Taipei 101 stair-climbing interactive competition will have a chance to win a round trip ticket between Singapore and Taipei.The tradeshow is held at the Marina Bay Sands B2 Expo Hall in Singapore between July 24 and 26.Travel Revolution Fair 2015Date: July 24  26, 2015Venue: Pavilion B7, Marina Bay Sands B2 Expo Hall D-F Address: 10 Bayfront Ave., Singapore 018956 
Yearning for some cool breezes in the blazing hot summer?Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) recommends the public to go for a bike ride in the Yanping Riverside Park, which boasts newly-renovated cycling trails, walkways, and unique scenic installations.Residents are encouraged to travel by bicycle from Dadaocheng Wharf and along Yanping Riverside Park cycling trails until arriving at Dunhuang Wharf in less than 20 minutes. On the square of the riverbank is a resting area featuring shade shelters of which the design is inspired by the paper airplane. Right across the resting area is Dunhuang Wharf, where the floodgates are flanked by walls consisting of small metal plates in great numbers which when blown by winds will display glistening golden words of Taipei with the reflection of sunset.   In the evening starting 6 PM on weekends, Dadaocheng Wharf will be transformed into a riverbank concert venue highlighting singing or saxophone performances by buskers. After a night basking in beautiful melodies, visiting Yongle Market or Ningxia Night Market to relish in delicious delicacies is definitely one of the best choices to conclude the day.  
The 2015 Taiwan Pastry Exhibition will take place between July 31 and August 2 at Taipei World Trade Center Exhibition Hall 3. The event, combining Taipei Pineapple Cake Festival and Creative Deserts Carnival, will also spotlight 4 major contests. The themes of the contests include the pineapple cake, nougat, souvenir packaging design, and creative dessert. The organizer will prepare free pineapple cakes for the first 1,000 visitors each day during the event.At the pre-show press conference on July 21 afternoon, Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) commissioner Chien Yu-yen and Director Wu Guan-de of Taipei Bakery Association joined ambassadors from Japan, France, and the Philippines in making their own creative desserts. The ambassadors also were the first to try out the Taipei cake.Wu noted that the pineapple cake has become one of the most popular souvenirs for tourists. The Bakery Association has been committed to promoting various Taiwan pastries. In addition to the creative dessert contest in the event this year, the organizer has also planned the nougat-themed Taipei cake contest.Chien explained that any nougat-stuffed pastry can be called the Taipei cake. Through bakery masters creativity, Taipei cake takes in many forms which symbolize the citys multiculturalism. The official name for the Taipei cake will be called Honey Taipei.In addition to the contests, the organizers has also planned a great deal of incentives for visitors. The first 1,000 visitors will receive a free pineapple cake. Chefs from renowned pastry shops will host DIY hands-on experience workshop. Participants will enjoy hours of fun making pineapple cakes, nougat, and cupcakes. The seating for the workshop is limited, so sign up now!For more information, please go to the Chinese event website: www.fonglisu.tw 
Finding your missing pets with the help of modern technology!Taipei City Animal Protection Office (APO) unveiled the upgraded version of Taipei Animals Welfare App, which features an online lost pet report system that aims to help anxious pet owners recover their loved furkids within the shortest possible time. The first of its kind from municipalities, the app allows users to upload pictures and videos of their pet, provide location where their pet was last seen, and leave contact information. According to APO, the service takes advantage of the prevalence of mobile devices and advances in online technology. Unlike traditional methods, the new approach helps pet owners minimize time loss by spreading the info quickly across social networks. The far-reaching influence of the internet greatly boosts the chances of retrieving lost pets.Since its launch in 2012, the Taipei Animal Welfare App has reported 58,346 downloads (old and new versions combined). APO is working to expand the scope of app services. The latest version offers a resource-sharing feature with access to private animal protection associations for better distribution of available resources.  
To help young people start their own businesses, Taipei City Department of Economic Development (DED) has set up the StartUP@Taipei business platform. This approach is a step toward implementing Mayor Ko Wen-jes vision of providing aspiring entrepreneurs a one-stop service to obtain the assistance they might need along the way.In addition to an annual budget of NT$200 million allocated by the municipal government for this purpose, DED has also implemented adjustments to city regulation in July to boost incentives in this area. Changes include an increase in the scope of subsidies, making proposal format less complicated, and lowering the barrier to allow foreigners to set up startups more easily. The one-stop service offered by DED integrates matching with capital providers and professional consultation, seeking to bring in foreign innovation experts and retain local talents.The new angel investment subsidy plan is open to startups registered in Taipei City which has been established for less than three years. The program provides assistance in funding, common work space, professional advice, introduction of technology, and business opportunity matchmaking. For more information on the startup programs and assistance, please call the 1999 Citizen Hotline (ext. 6625, 1428, and 1429). You can also visit the Chinese websites of DED (www.doed.taipei.gov.tw) and the incentive program (https://www.industry-incentive.taipei). 
To reduce the risk of an outbreak of pandemics such as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus, the Department of Health (DOH) joined hands with the Department of Transportation (DOT) to launch a taxi fleet designated for transporting patients suspected of having contracted contagious diseases.With the support of Crown Taxi, a total of 50 drivers have signed up and will receive training on the standard operation procedure to safely transport ill passengers to the hospital.According to DOH, the new service will effectively minimize the risk of spread as patients have other alternatives for traveling to the hospital instead of riding public transportation such as MRT or bus. The approach will contribute to better disease control while ensuring timely medical intervention.DOH pointed out that the voluntary cab drivers will be required to take classes to acquire knowledge on disease prevention and methods on how to protect themselves from health hazards. Courses include introduction of new pandemics, prevention tips on contracting respiratory diseases, correct way of wearing facial masks, and instructions on making car-cleaning detergents. The agency urges the public to pay attention to personal hygiene and observe cough etiquette. Should any individuals develop fever, cough, sore throat, or other pandemic-associated symptoms, they are advised to dial 02-4128333 (or 5510 on mobile phones) to book a ride to the hospital. For disease prevention information, please dial 1922 or 02-2375-3782. 
Officials of Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) visited four wounded victims of a stabbing spree at a local MRT station on Monday night.Each victim received consolation money of NT$10,000 and the company promised assistance in dealing with insurance-related matters. The random stabbing incident occurred at 8:58 PM on July 20 in MRT Zhongshan Station, when a young male in his twenties pulled out a fruit knife and began randomly stabbing passersby.Security camera footages show that the assailant entered the MRT station via the escalator at Exit 4. Three women and one man were taken to nearby Mackay Memorial Hospital but were later released. The assailant was later subdued by security guards, passengers, and station staff. The police were also notified and arrived at the scene to conduct further investigations. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the groundbreaking ceremony for the construction of the Fuxing Road Storm Water Diversion Drainage on July 19.The construction will enhance the defense of Wenshan District, located in the low-lying area of Taipei, from flash floods resulting from sudden and heavy downpours.   Ko pointed out that the project will be implemented in three stages targeting the rivers upper, middle, and lower courses. Soil and water conservation will be the focus of the upper course work. The middle section part focuses on flood mitigation, including the establishment of two detention basins around Xinhai Military Police Barracks and Wenshan Sports Center respectively, as well as the construction of flood bypasses. The lower course will see embankments being built to reduce flood risk.According to Ko, the construction work will take about 600 days. The construction period could be reduced by half if the excavation of underground drainage tunnels goes smoothly.Regarding flood compensation, the mayor noted that the city government will publish information on areas susceptible to floods. Residents from these areas adopting flood prevention measures such as installing flood walls, anti-flood doors, and sand bags, will receive compensation. However, the city government will consider whether to give compensation to those who fail to take any preventive measures against flooding. Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji will supervise the drafting of related regulations and convene flood control meetings, where residents will receive information on the city governments approaches to flood management and compensation policies.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the award ceremony for the 2015 Taipei Film Festival in the evening of July 18. The mayor presented the Taipei Film Festival Outstanding Contribution Award to Taiwanese director Ko I-chen. Ko noted that the director is not only a director, but also an actor and a script writer, as well as an implementer of social movements. The talented winner holds various titles spanning the fields of movies, plays, and commercials.Recalling the directors work Leap Frog chapter in the movie In Our Time, the mayor pointed out that the film is considered one of the pioneers of Taiwans New Wave Cinema Movement. According to the mayor, the works of Director Ko over the last three decades have always demonstrated an interest in social issues and criticisms directed at social injustice. The ideals and aspirations of Taiwanese cinema can be seen through Kos films.Mayor Ko noted that the award is not only an affirmation to the directors movies, but also a nod to his commitment and focus on society.  
Have you ever wondered about whether there are living beings out there in the sea of stars above us? Has any scientist discovered signs of life beyond earth?In collaboration with Academia Sinica Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics, Taipei Astronomical Museum (TAM) has invited Professor Chris Lintott from Oxford Universitys Department of Physics to speak on the possibilities of extraterrestrial life in space. A professor of astrophysics at Oxford, Lintott is also the host of the popular series The Sky at Night on BBC. He is also one of the founders of the Galaxy Zoo, an online crowdsourcing project. The seminar will take place at TAM between 2 PM and 4 PM on Sunday, July 26. For more information, please call TAM (TEL: 02-2831-4551, ext. 302) or visit the institutions Chinese website. To register, please visit TAMs event listing page (Chinese): http://ticket-app.tam.gov.tw/activity/ 
Taipei Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived at Taoyuan International Airport on July 16. He concluded his five-day visit to South Korea for the 2015 Gwangju Universiade.He noted that three objectives were achieved through this trip. The first objective was to obtain some hands-on experience on running the Universiade. Taipei will be hosting the Summer Universiade in 2017, so it is important for city officials in charge of the various functions to learn from the organizers of the Universiade in Gwangju. He also had a chance to meet with  a number of FISU officials as well. He is confident that the upcoming Universiade in Taipei will exceed this years event.The second objective was to conduct city diplomacy. Ko remarked that he had met with both Gwangju Mayor Yoon Jang Hyun and Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon during this trip, as well as visiting important city project landmarks in Seoul such as Cheonggye River, public housing units at U-myeon, and Dongdaemun Design Plaza. He also had the opportunity to stop by Google Campus and SM Entertainment. The third objective was the chance to observe Seouls public housing projects. Ko reported that communication channels have been established between Taipei City Government and the officials of Seoul Housing Corporation. Noting Seouls goal of establishing 300,000 public rental units over four years, he hopes that Taipei City Government can tap into this wealth of information through learning exchange. As for thoughts on the Universiades budget, Ko pointed out that on the basis of keeping the total budget unchanged, he will allow city agencies to vie for their respective shares through innovations and proposals.
Led by Mayor Ko Wen-je, the delegation from Taipei City visited Seoul City Hall on July 15. During the meeting with Mayor Park Won Soon, the two leaders exchanged views on a host of city administration issues ranging from public housing to smart buildings. Ko observed that Seoul has gone a long way in the implementation of public housing policies, boasting 200,000 such units today. Park welcomed Taipei Mayors proposal to allow Taipei City staff to learn Seouls public housing management.On the subject of tourism, Ko pointed out that both Taiwan and South Korea have seen growing number of visitors from the other nation. The two mayors have reached a number of agreements in the interest of promoting bilateral tourism, such as granting museum admission fee discounts for each others citizens.    Answering media questions about the difference between Taipei City Hall and Seoul City Hall, Ko pointed out that the former is a 20-year-old building while the latter has just been completed in 2012. Taipei has a lot to learn from the green design and intelligent features of the building housing Seoul Metropolitan Government.Overall, Ko reckoned that Seoul epitomizes the remarkable progress South Korean has achieved over the years. Once on top of the Four Asian Tigers, Taiwan has fallen behind with a huge gap. He believes the island should make tremendous effort to catch up. 
The special short clip video promoting the 2017 Summer Universiade premiered at the closing ceremony of the 2015 Gwangju Universiade on July 14. The film spotlighted aerial shots of various landmarks in Taipei, accompanied by upbeat background music with Taiwanese characteristics.As the host of the 2017 Summer Universiade, Taipei City Government focused on the theme of running in the two-minute-long film to combine sports with local tourism. The footage presents to the viewers the various aspects of life in Taipei and its many attractions.The spotlight of the ad focuses on runner athlete Hank Yang. A graduate of Hualien Physical Education High School who will be enrolled as a freshman at the National Taiwan University of Sport, Yang has already set a new record in sprinting at this years National High School Games.In the footage, Yang ran with other up-and-coming young athletes, taking the viewers to city landmarks such as Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall, Grand Hotel, Baoan Temple, Yongkang Street, and Taipei 101. The video is available on Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XAS_rg8j-g 
The Guanghua Digital Plaza, dubbed Taipei Akihabara, will be celebrating its 7th anniversary with a range of sale events and fun-packed activities between July 18 and August 9.The annual consumer electronics fiesta will kick-off with a race-walking competition at 10:50 AM on July 18. The first 70 visitors to queue up for the contest will be eligible to participate in the game. Seven winners bring home an Acer mini PC each and the other 63 participants receive a NT$100 coupon. Throughout the anniversary celebration, individuals will get an NT$100 coupon for every purchase of NT$1,000 (Uniform invoices are required and each individual is limited to one coupon a day). Customers will also be able to redeem a raffle ticket for every purchase of NT$1,000 one uniform invoice can redeem up to a maximum of 10 tickets. Winner of the grand prize--an Acer laptopwill be determined on August 9. There is also an Early Bird gift for the first 50 visitors to redeem their raffle ticket on Saturday and Sundaya mobile phone holder. Come while supply lasts!To attract consumers from across the spectrum, the Market Administration Office has arranged various theme activities at Guanghua Digital Plaza over weekends: online games (July 18-19), family XBOX fun (July 25-26), electronics expo (August 1-2), and online game party (July 18-August 2).  
Taipei City Foreign and Disabled Labor Office (FDLO) will be holding an event to commemorate Eid al-Fitr (also known as Hari Raya Puasa) for Indonesian expats at the 228 Peace Memorial Park this Sunday. The event will take place between 1 PM and 4:30 PM on July 19.In addition to a prayer session organized by the Taipei Grand Mosque Foundation, there will be performances of Indonesian music, as well as lessons on how to dance poco-poco.Labor Commissioner Lai Hsiang-lin noted that the purpose of organizing the Eid celebrations is to express the city governments gratitude to the hard-working migrant workers, hoping they can take some time off to commemorate the occasion and enjoy the weekend.The Eid marks the end of Ramadan, the holy month in the Muslim tradition. For Indonesian migrant workers in Taiwan, working an entire month without meals during the daytime can be extremely tasking. By holding this event, FDLO hopes to offer these workers a time to relax and congregate with their peers to celebrate this important occasion.For more information, please visit the website of FDLO (http://www.fd.gov.taipei)(Chinese) or call (02) 2559-8518, ext. 5205 (ext. 5209 for Indonesian language operator, or dial TEL: 5215-5217).
Mayor Ko Wen-je visited the Main Media Center (MMC) and International Broadcasting Center (IBC) of Gwanju Univesiade on July 13, seeking to take in the experience and to learn more about how the international sports event works. Noting that the trip aims to establish ties with the organizing committee and the staff in charge of major stadiums, Ko believes that they will serve as a reliable source of assistance for Taipei when it hosts the 2017 Universiade.    The mayor pointed out he will ponder upon how to incorporate what he observed from MMCthe benefits granted to the media by the facility--into the workings of Taipeis media center for the upcoming event. As the license of all Universiade-related images is strictly regulated by FISU, the city government will make the most use of available resources.Speaking of the infrastructure, Ko pointed out implementation of advanced technologies at the Gwanju Universiade, such as fibre-optic transmission. Taipei will work to find the best answers to the following questions in the run-up to the grand event: Where should the media center be located? How should the fibre-optic network be utilized? How should related infrastructure be implemented?  Ko stressed that what matters now is to lay out a blueprint for Taipei in 2050 and how to drive the city towards the ideal through organizing major international events such as the Universiade. 
To celebrate the opening of MRT Dingpu Station, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) is allowing passengers using EasyCard to travel for free between the new stop and MRT Yongning Station. The discount will last until August 5.The discount is applicable for passengers entering or exiting MRT Dingpu Station using EasyCard. The fare waiver applies only to the distance traveled between MRT Dingpu Station and Yonging Station standard fare will be charged for travel on other sections of the MRT line. Furthermore, passengers using EasyCard can also enjoy transfer discount when transferring between MRT and bus within the one-hour limit. Exception applies for travelers who transfer from bus to MRT, where the fare for the travel on MRT is already NT$0.Since the opening of the new facility on July 6, TRTC reported that as of July 12, over 85,000 people have accessed the station. In addition, the parking lot for park-and-ride passengers at MRT Dingpu Station is also open for business starting July 6. The facility boasts 77 parking spaces for cars, as well as 298 spaces for motorcycles and scooters. Different types of monthly pass to the parking lot is also available.For more information, please contact TRTC by calling the 24-hour service hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizen Hotline. Details are also available at the Chinese website of the company (http://www.metro.taipei). 
Mayor Ko Wen-je embarked on a trip to South Korea on July 12. This is the last among the city governments three inspection visits to Gwangju for 2015 Universiade related events.The mission of the city delegation includes receiving the Universiade flag from this years host to signal the beginning of the countdown to the 2017 event, attending seminars, signing agreements with FISU (International University Sports Federation), as well as conducting administrative exchanges. Arriving at Gwanju at 5:30 PM local time, Ko had the opportunity to taste the famed South Korean delicacy ginseng chicken soup. On the following day, the mayor would pay a visit to the Taipei Paviliona NT$6 million project by Department of Urban Development to promote Taiwan. Having posted an article on facebook to root for Chinese Taipei baseball teamwho later claimed gold medalKo noted that he plans to visit the athletes during his trip.Answering media concerns about measures he took to minimize the risk of contracting MERS, Ko remarked that he brought facial masks and an ear thermometer. He believes that the disease has been contained, based on the lack of new cases being reported for six consecutive days.Questioned by the media whether choosing to fly in Economy Class for the travel was of budget concern, the mayor replied that it has become a new protocol for city staff those who wish to upgrade to higher classes will have to pay the extra fare themselves.
The Muzha Cui Lake, chosen as one of the destinations for revitalizing Taipeis firefly habitat, underwent dredging work starting July 12. A collaboration by the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) and partners from the private sector, the operation aims at protecting the indigenous species of the lake and offering young people an opportunity for environmental education.The project consists of removing sediments from the lake through the use of sacks made of biodegradable materials such as cotton and burlap and stacking the sacks to form a protected habit for indigenous species.Receiving a growing number reports on the comeback of fireflies in the area, the PSLO joined hands with volunteers from Wenshan Community College, the Society of Wilderness, and Friends of Daan Forest Park Foundation to construct an ideal habitat to allow these rare insects to prosper.During the first day of work on July 12, PSLO Director Chang Yu-huei greeted the volunteers and expressed her gratitude for their effort in protecting the environment. Wenshan Community College Principal Cheng Hsiu-chuan pointed out that the work will continue all the way to August 10. The project will take approximately 400 volunteers to complete. Currently, the team is short of 200 people to help out with removal of lake sediments from the water. She welcomes individuals who are middle school students or older and taller than 140 cm to sign up.To volunteer, those interested can sign up at the following website: http://goo.gl/forms/oIbh95GkAL (Chinese)  
"On July 8, Secretary-General Su Li-chiung presided over a symposium discussing what emergency measures should be taken in response to major accidents and disasters. Participants include representatives from various departments of the city government, supervising agencies of major tourist attractions, major events rescue associations, Taipei Association of Travel Agents, and Taipei Hotel Association.According to Su, the symposium sought to institutionalize the practice of emergency rescue, as well as formulating regulations on the maximum capacity limitation for major events. The attendees of the symposium were invited to share their experience in this field as reference for policy making.  The symposium arrived at the conclusion of addressing the issue through the following approaches: 	> Current guidelines for large-scale events will be reviewed and enacted as legislations to govern the increasing number of gatherings, concerts, yearend parties, and more.	> The city government will reinforce its role as a supervisor, assisting event hosts and organizations in preparing a sound emergency response plan covering the devising of evacuation routes and dispatching of medics.	> The Fire Department will provide professional consultation on first-aid training. It will also publish related Q&A and case examples on city government websites.	> The Department of Information and Tourism will collect data concerning the capacity of each recreational venue and strengthen promotion effort to remind the public of the importance of acquiring safety information and recognizing potential risks before participating in any event."
In light of the Central Weather Bureaus advisory on the possible impact of Typhoon Chan-hom upon northern Taiwan on July 10, the Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) of Taipei City Government Public Works Department initiated emergency evacuation preparations on July 9.   In accordance with the Regulations on River Management, all freights, portable restrooms, construction equipment, and vehicles should be removed from the riverside to minimize the impact upon flood control safety during typhoons. The agency also reminds owners of vehicles parked inside the riverside parking lots to pay close attention to typhoon updates. Car owners will need to move their vehicles from the riverside parking areas within four hours after the announcement of typhoon land warnings or risk being towed away.In addition, evacuation of wharf and riverside facilities have begun on July 9. The ongoing Dajia Childrens Fun Fair, which kicked-off on July 4, will be temporarily closed starting July 8. The reopening time will be posted on the Chinese website of the event (http://www.seasky.com.tw/2015event/). HEO calls upon the public to refrain from approaching the river banks or conducting waterborne activities during the typhoon to avoid possible hazards.
To transform Taipei into an animal-friendly city, Taipei City Animal Protection Office (APO) has joined hands with Department of Education, community colleges, and animal protection organizations to establish the Taipei Cats and Dogs School.Offering a free 12-hour-long training program over six weeks, students will be able to learn more about their furry companions behaviors, as well as obtaining better knowledge on animal care. The aim of the program is to enhance the sense of responsibility of pet owners.  According to Economic Development Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh, Taipei Cats and Dogs School seeks to equip would-be owners with basic knowledge about pets and assist those who have difficulty dealing with their furkids irregular behaviors, such as barking, house soiling, damaging furniture, aggressiveness, and separation anxiety.  The curriculum spans instructions on how to choose a suitable furry companion, the instincts and habits of dogs, basic care methods, animals body language, dog manners, obedience training, cause and solution to pet irregularities, and more. The courses will also incorporate lessons on the Animal Protection Act and related regulations to increase awareness on the responsibilities of pet owners. Collaborating with 10 community colleges, the program will feature 17 classes across two quarters, each limited to 30 students. Interested individuals can visit the Chinese website of APO (http://www.tcapo.gov.taipei/) for detailed information of the curriculum and then sign up with community colleges involved in the program.
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced the release of Taipei Metro Go  a new app for smart phones. Users will be able to acquire the latest information from arrival time of trains to entrance and exit information. For passengers with transfer needs, the app also offers information on the location of nearby YouBike rental stations, as well as park-and-ride parking lots and public bus information. This allows passengers to make their travel plans ahead of time.According to the company, one of the most difficult challenges encountered during the development process of the software was how to accurately transmit the data on train arrival time to the mobile phone, which involves changes by the second. The development team overcame the obstacle by taking advantage of the signals collected by the control room via rail pressure sensors and transforming the data from signals into time.The smart phone app by TRTC is available on Google Play starting 3 PM on July 6. The iOS version is currently undergoing review. Future updates for the app will include functions such as guide maps of barrier-free facilities at MRT stations, available rental storage compartments at stations, and others.
On July 6, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the inauguration ceremony for Taipei City Inspection and Autopsy Center (IAC)the first of its kind in the country to carry advanced autopsy instruments and facilities. Jointly established by the Department of Civil Affairs and the Taipei District Prosecutors Office, the center boasts stainless steel operating tables, negative pressure ventilation, and medical-level filtration system (including HEPA 99.97% air filter and ultraviolet radiation sterilization). These facilities prevent air from leaking outside of the room when conducting forensic investigations.Ko pointed out that the construction of thefacilities required NT$18 million from the city governments reserve funds to complete. The centers establishment signified a leap in Taiwans judicial development as its adoption of cutting-edge technology helps to enhance the standard and quality of forensic autopsies. With the installation of 15 camerastwo of which are remotely controlledprosecutors will be able to communicate with forensic pathologists without having to set foot inside the autopsy room. Ko added that IAC also comes with a sewage treatment system which disinfects and processes discharge from corpses contaminated with infectious diseases such as SARS or open tuberculosis, minimizing the possibility of polluting the environment. 
The old structure housing the Songshan Fire Station of the Fire Department will be revamped and transformed into a modern building!Located under the old Guanghua Bridge, the Songshan Fire Station was relocated to the area under the Jianguo Overpass after the dismantling of the Guanghua Bridge. However, due to the restriction of available space below the overpass, the fire station does not have room for larger vehicles and apparatus  especially fire engines carrying long ladders which are vital for rescue operations involving tall buildings. After years of planning and negotiations, the Fire Department successfully secured the use of a property located in lane 25 on Songjiang Road for the new station. The New Constructions Office is responsible for construction works.The new building, designed by architect Liao Yan-wei, will possess a seismic capacity value of 1.5. This is 50-percent higher than those for standard buildings. Situated right across from the historical Jianguo Brewery, the building will also house an activity center for neighborhood residents in the basement floor. The new Songshan Fire Station is slated for completion in November of 2015. The cost of constructions is NT$412 million. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je cut the ribbons for the Dajia Childrens Fun Fair at Dajia Riverside Park on July 4. He toured the event venue to inspect related facilities following the opening ceremony.During his address, Ko noted that Taipei is surrounded by mountains and rivers. Residents of the city, however, have not developed the habit of approaching the riverside and engaging in waterfront activities. To bring people to the riverbanks, the city government devised a series of events taking place near these riverside parks, starting with Dragon Boat Festival and followed by Dajia Childrens Fun Fair, Xikou Jazz Fest, and Dadaocheng Evening Party.He pointed out that as a way to encourage participation, people from low-income families and seniors can enjoy free admission to the event. Answering medias inquires about where improvements can be made for such events, the mayor remarked that this year the Fair has been extended to almost two-month-long, compared with 10 days last year. He believes that there will always be room for improvements, but perfection can never be achieved. A thorough review will be conducted upon conclusion of the event for a smoother experience in the future. Stressing that transforming Taipei into a waterfront city is a focus for his administration, Ko promised to supervise policy implementation to improve infrastructure and related facilities along rivers flowing through TaipeiTamsui River, Keelung River, Xindian River, and Jingmei River--to create a friendly environment for aqua activities.  
On July 5, Mayor Ko Wen-je joined New Taipei Mayor Eric Chu at the inauguration ceremony for the MRT Dingpu Station. The new MRT station is the terminal of the new Tucheng extension line of the Bannan line. The construction of the facility is conducted by the Department of Rapid Transit Systems and funded by the New Taipei City Government.During his speech, Ko noted that the opening of MRT Dingpu Station symbolizes the establishment of direct connection between the Dingpu Hi-tech Industrial Park and Nangang Software Park. With the addition of the new station, the Bannan line now consists of 23 stations. He added that the construction of MRT lines is considered development of the citys basic infrastructure, connecting the day-to-day living environment of Taipei and New Taipei. In the future, work will continue for the development of three more MRT lines. He expressed his gratitude to the hard-working staff responsible for the construction of the line. Despite lauding the quality of constructions, the mayor voiced his concern about the time lapse between the planning stage and completion being too long, taking over a decade. He hopes that in the future, construction time could be reduced while maintaining the quality of works.
Mayor Ko Wen-je joined Taoyuan Mayor Cheng Wen-tsan in inspecting the A1 Taipei Main Station stop of Taoyuan International Airport MRT on July 2.Following a briefing by the Department of Rapid Transit Systems on the characteristics of A1 station, as well as services regarding pick-up and drop-off, advance check-in, and baggage check, the two leaders took a walk from A1 station to Taiwan Railways Station, Taiwan High Speed Rail Station, and the MRT Station on the Songshan Line. The mayor of Taipei expressed his satisfaction over the quality of the new Airport Line, which he believes will provide a more convenient travel between Taipei and the international airport, effectively expanding the activity radius for local residents.Ko touted that in the future, visitors will be able to check-in at Taipei Main Station and have their luggage checked before taking a 35-minute ride to Taoyuan International Airport. Boasting 22 stations, the 51Km-long MRT airport line will play an important role in connecting Taipei, New Taipei, and Northern Taoyuan.Despite his overall positive comments on the A1 infrastructure, Ko noted that successful operations of an MRT network should also entail noise buffers, firefighting capabilities, well-designed moving directions, transportation arrangement, installation of moving walkways, among others. As to when the A1 Taipei Main Station will open to the public, Mayor Cheng pointed out that both examinations and preparations are under way to ensure the slated launch of the airport MRT in December this year set by President Ma Ying-jeou.
In light of the seething temperature this summer, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) announced that it will increase two more routes for its water sprinkling service starting July 1. The new routes include Nanjing East Road sections 1 through 5 and Minquan East Road sections 1 through 4. These will be in addition to the existing routes (both directions along Zhongxiao West Road, Zhongxiao East Road sections 1 through 4, Roosevelt Road sections 1 through 3, Zhongshan South Road, and Bade Road sections 2 through 4).The water sprinkler trucks will help lower temperatures of the surroundings and lay dust on the paved roads to prevent the deterioration of air quality. According to DEP, the weather data collected between June 9 and 30 in Taipei by the Central Weather Bureau on non-cloudy or rainy days indicated that a total of 16 days during this period reached high temperature levels, with the temperature between 10 AM and noon reaching 34-degree Celsius.To ensure minimal impact upon the environment and conserve resources, the water used by the water sprinkler trucks consist of water from Dihua and Neihu water purification plants, as well as recycled water from the three incinerators of city government. 
During the International University Sports Federation (FISU) Executive Meeting at the Holiday Inn in the city of Gwangju, Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang delivered a report to the organizations members on the progress of preparations for the 2017 Taipei Universiade.The report covered topics spanning progress during the first half of 2015, structure of the organization and committee, introductions of leaders in the different departments, to objectives for the second half of 2015. Issues such as volunteer training, venue preparations, event schedules, transportation plans, and safety measures were also mentioned.After the briefing session, FISU President Claude-Louis Gallien and other members of the executive committee expressed their satisfaction and approval for the preparation measures taken by Taipei City for the 2017 Summer Universiade. The officials expressed their confidence in the success of the upcoming international sports event in Taipei. Regarding the venue for the opening and closing ceremonies of the Taipei Universiade, FISU indicated that it will make a decision following an official and detailed report by Taipei City. Due to the recent MERS outbreak in the Seoul Area, Chairman Lawrence D. Rink of the International Medical Committee of FISU reported on the preventive measures taken to minimize the risk of contamination during the Gwangju Universiade. 
Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation announced that the newly completed MRT Dingpu Station will be opened to the public starting 6 AM on July 6!According to the Department of Rapid Transit Systems (DORTS), the addition of the new station brings the total number of stations on the Bannan Line to 23. This also boosts the total number of MRT stations to 117 and extends the entire length of the metro system to 131.1 kilometers.The agency pointed out that the new station will connect the major science parks in Taipei and New Taipei, with Dingpu Science Park/Tucheng Industrial Park on one end and the Nangang Software Park on the other end. DORTS remarked that the frequency of service along the Bannan Line will remain the same: train service every 6 minutes during rush hour and every 8 minutes during off-peak hours. With the opening of the new MRT station, the required time for traveling between MRT Dingpu Station and MRT Taipei Main Station will take approximately 30 minutes. Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation expects MRT Dingpu Station to serve an average of 10,000 passengers per day, boosting the daily average number of passengers taking the Bannan Line to 17,000. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je announced that the inauguration of Mobile Police Stations will be the onset for a series of police reforms during a press event unveiling the new service on June 30. According to Ko, the city government will work on modernizing the police force as the long-term goal. A number of policies will be implemented to achieve this objective, starting with the launch of mobile police stations, the merging of police stations, and the establishment of a unified reporting system. The reform will be carried out through continuous communication with front-line police officers and reduction of extraneous chores from the list of police duties.  The mayor made a case for digitizing police services, noting that the country should make the most of its knowhow in information technology to boost the effectiveness of police services. He pledges to bring Taipeis police forces into a new e-era in a period of two years. As to media questions concerning the interiors and safety of these police vehicles, Ko replied that the police station on wheels will serve as an example of how the city government is determined to push ahead with innovative culture. Following the implementation of the pilot program, feedback will be collected for future reference and policy examination.
On June 30, the members of Taipeis delegation, led by Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang, stopped by the Main Press Center (MPC) and the International Broadcast Center (IBC) during their visit to the Summer Universiade taking place at the city of Gwangju in Korea.  Chou noted that the visit to the two facilities offers delegation members an opportunity to learn more about how business is conducted for international sports events in the areas of media service and event broadcasting. It also helps the city government to understand more about space usage and how standard operation procedures are implemented.The 2015 Summer Universiade will kick off in Gwangju on July 3.The Main Media Center (MMC), comprising both the IBC and MPC, is the channel for bringing the games to a global audience. The center is roughly a 20-minute travel by car from the main venue at the World Cup Stadium, serving 1,500 media workers from South Korea and around the world.The deputy mayor and Deputy Secretary-general Hsueh Chun-ming were also invited by the organization committee of the Gwangju Universiade to attend the opening event of the MMC, cutting the ribbons with FISU committee member Marc Vandenplas, Gwangju Universiade Organization Committee co-presidents Kim Hwang-sik and Yoon Jang-hyeon, and other dignitaries.
On June 29, a 22-member city delegation led by Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang embarked on a visit to South Korea as observer of the 28th Gwangju Universiade. The sports event will take place between July 3 and 14.The Organizing Committee for the 2017 Taipei Universiade comprises seven departments, handling duties spanning administration, human resources, marketing and communications, games information, security, medical service, to other support.To provide staff members with a better understanding on how the games will be hosted, the city government planned three group trips to the South Korean city throughout the course of the international event. The first group will conclude their trip on July 5. According to the Department of Sports, the first visit will involve reporting to FISU on the progress of preparations for the 2017 Taipei Universiade. Members will also attend events such as observers seminars, the 2015 Gwangju Universiade opening ceremony, FISU Gala, and inauguration of Taipei Hall, as well as visiting team athletes at the athlete village, inspecting stadiums and facilities, and watching the games. In light of the MERS outbreak in Korea, the city delegation has enlisted a family medicine doctor from Taipei City Hospital and an official from the Division for Disease Control and Prevention of the Department of Health to monitor the health of delegates during their stay in Gwangju.  
"  <!-- table.MsoTableGrid {border:solid windowtext 1.0pt font-size:12.0pt font-family:""Calibri"",sans-serif} .style1 {color: #464646} -->   Affordable and tasty snacks sold by roadside vendors  these are the images people have about Taipeis renowned night market dishes. To invite the public to try out these wonderful delicacies, the Market Administration Office organized a press conference for the 2015 Taipei Night Market Festival at the central lobby of city hall on Tuesday, June 30.  At the press conference, the audience will have a chance to sample the great-tasting snacks  bean curd, mochi, steamed spring roll, Barbecued meat, and more  from various food stalls located in Ningxia Night Market, Yanping N. Road Night Market, Guangzhou Street Night Market, Liaoning Street Night Market, and Shuangcheng Street Night Market.  The one-month-long event will take place between June 30 and July 31.       This years festival sees the participation of 55 merchants across five major night markets. During the period of the festival, customers making purchases of NT$50 or more will receive a bingo stamp. Those successfully establishing a bingo line can exchange it for night market vouchers, and individuals making three lines are eligible to take part in a prize raffle offering great prizes!      Below is a list of upcoming events of the 2015 Taipei Night Market Festival:    Date Time Venue Location   Fri., July 3 6:30 PM  9 PM Ningxia Night Market In front of Penglai    Elementary School on Ningxia Road   Sat., July 4 6:30 PM  9 PM Yanping N. Rd. Night    Market At the plaza in front    of Daqiao Police Station on Yanping N. Road Section 3   Fri., July 10 6:30 PM  9 PM Liaoning Street Night Market In front of No. 83 on    Liaoning Street   Sat., July 11 6:30 PM  9 PM Guangzhou Street Night    Market Intersection of    Guangzhou Street and Huanhe S. Road   Sat., July 18 6:30 PM  9 PM Shuangcheng Street Night    Market Qingguang Park    (Entrance of Shuangcheng Street Lane 13)   "
Mayor Ko Wen-je declared that Shezidao redevelopment will be conducted based upon the principles of open information, public participation, and localized service. The project will be implemented in 2016.Ko made the remarks during a meeting with Shezidao residents on June 27. Attended by the three deputy mayors and the heads of various city departments as well as nearly one thousand residents, it was the first outdoor information meeting on city administration since he assumed office. The event demonstrates the city governments determination to address the issue.Noting that his vision is to develop Taipei into a livable city, Ko promised local residents to bring happiness and convenience to their lives. A total of 6 meetings were held to discuss the fate of the area six months into his new administration. It will take three more months for the newly-constituted Shezidao workshop to collect opinions from locals. The city government will make the final decision on Shezidaos development by the anniversary of Kos administration on December 25, 2015. Even though the whole project will take six years to complete, Ko pointed out that investments will continue for other Shezidao projects, with NT$56 million earmarked by the end of this year. He remarked that the top priority for now is to ensure residents have access to electricity and tap water. Light rail transit will be the next item on the construction list for the area. Ko stressed that open information, public participation, and localized service will be the guidelines for the development of Shezidao. The progress of related constructions and inquiries will be published on a website dedicated to the project. Residents will have their say about the ultimate direction in the Shezidao development. In addition, the city government has already stationed personnel in the area to provide assistance.  
Regarding the dust explosion accident resulting from the use of colored powder at the Formosa Water Park, Mayor Ko Wen-je noted that he spoke with New Taipei Mayor Eric Chu over the phone and offered medical support. With 8 medical centers in the city, Ko requested the Fire Department and major hospitals in Taipei (including Cathay General Hospital, Taipei Medical University, Taiwan Adventist Hospital, as well as Taipei City Hospital Renai Branch, Heping Branch, Zhongxing Branch, Yangming Branch, and Zhongxiao Branch) to assist the neighboring municipality by dispatching ambulances to the scene. He also requested the support of private ambulance operators.The mayor noted that both Taipei City and New Taipei City share a common living environment, and Taipeis EOC (Emergency Operation Center) immediately dispatched the burn victims to designated hospitals upon their arrival in Taipei. He recalled that his first meeting with Mayor Chu took place at the Joint Ambulance Dispatch Center. The two discussed about dispatch procedures for ambulances from New Taipei to hospitals in Taipei City, but the focus at the time was limited to individual cases.Keeping track of the latest updates on the accident via LINE, Ko pointed out that the dispatch records of Taipei and New Taipei ambulances should be digitized in real time, citing the delay in updates during transport of patients where the whereabouts of individuals were only reported after they arrived at the hospital.While people are busy with rescue operations right now, Ko stressed that a review of the disaster prevention and emergency operation measures for the two municipalities should be conducted after things settle down. Considerations should be given to how New Taipei City, with the larger population, can dispatch patients to both local hospitals and facilities in Taipei City, which is the home of major hospitals.
Taipei City Government organized a special event to showcase the achievements of the pilot land plots under the Farm City initiative on June 26. During the event, the mayor joined representatives from organizations adopting farming plots in signing the Farm City Contract. Mayor Ko Wen-je remarked that implementation of Farm City is a major policy for his administration. He took the opportunity to express his gratitude to former Taipei Mayor Huang Ta-chou for providing guidance.After six months of continued effort, the Public Works Department has successfully created a more countryside-like appearance to the environment around city hall. The experimental plots established at plazas and squares around city hall building is subdivided into six separate zones. Among these areas, three will be available for adoption by organizations. The remaining three areas, maintained by Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO), include the edible crops zone, the aromatic plants zone, and the herb and beverage plant zone. During his address, the mayor noted that he constantly reminds PSLO Director Chang Yu-huei to seek out former Mayor Huang for advice. Regarding the implementation of Farm City, Ko stressed that initial success will likely come from schools  especially elementary and middle schools where the students have less pressure from exams. His believes that with a funding of NT$90,000 for each school to implement a one-semester-long program would be useful in educating the kids in this area.
In light of rising temperatures, the Department of Economic Development (DED) joined hands with Test Rite Retail in holding an event to educate the public on ways to increase air conditioning efficiency on June 24.DED pointed out that reducing heat sources at home is vital to lowering room temperature. This can be achieved by reducing energy consumption of home appliances and electronics, which also helps lower electricity bills.Air conditioning experts offered useful advice on improving energy efficiency of home appliances. Tips include cleaning the rotor and blades of mechanical fans frequently using no more than 80% of refrigerators storage capacity, along with conducting regular cleaning of heat evaporator coils and maintaining a gap between the fridge and the wall switching the computer to sleep mode when not in use and unplugging electric water boilers if not in use for a long time. Noting that room lighting is also a major source of heat in the household, DED encourages the public to install energy-efficient LED bulbs to reduce power consumption of air conditioners and maintain a cool environment. To promote use of energy-efficient devices, DED has collaborated with electronics retailers to roll out incentive programs. Those who purchase energy-efficient products at contracted stores and register their uniform invoices on the activity website http://www.taipeienergy.taipei (Chinese) will have a chance to bring home an array of enticing prizes!  
Mayor Ko Wen-je met with basketball players Kevin Laue and Torgrim Sommerfeldt on June 24. Laue remarked that he was impressed by the performance of local players during a three-on-three basketball match.Laue is the first disabled basketball player playing in Division 1 of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA). The athlete was born with a missing limb due to restriction of prenatal blood circulation. However, the physical defect did not prevent him from becoming a successful basketball player. A former Goodwill Ambassador for Disability of the United Nations, Laue is also a board member at New Jersey Special Olympics.Likewise, Sommerfeldt also went through 6 surgeries over a period of 5 years due to a knee injury he suffered when he was 19 years old. Despite peoples doubt about his career future in basketball, he went through rehabilitation to become a professional player playing in NCAA.Ko believes that the experience of the two athletes will motivate young people. Referring to Sapporo Agricultural College founder William S. Clarks famous words Boys, be ambitious, the mayor encourages young people not to easily give up their dream even in the face of overwhelming odds.Citing a recent soccer qualification match between the local team and Thailand at the Taipei Municipal Stadium, the mayor recalled how sport is able to unite all 18,000 spectators to root for the home team. He promised that he will attend the upcoming match between Chinese Taipei and Vietnam.
In light of possible impact from the spread of MERS-CoV upon a number of countries, the Department of Health (DOH) urges schools, communities, medical institutions, and public places to take the following measures: strengthen sterilization of surroundings, educate staff on related knowledge, take precautionary measures, and keep close contact with DOH for the purpose of constructing a sound disease prevention network. Some of the guidance to ward off the lethal flu include:1. Individuals who have recently sought medical treatment or visited hospitals in South Korea, and those who have travelled to or stayed in the Middle East, should report to hotel staff or seek assistance via 1922 disease prevention hotline if they develop symptoms of fever, cough, or other ailments within 14 days after arriving in Taiwan.  2. Hospitality businesses are advised to prepare a letter in every room, informing guests about calling the 1922 hotline should they exhibit any flu symptoms. Hand sanitizers should also be made available at lobby counters and elevator entrances.  3. Individuals who plan to participate in concerts or fan meetings involving Korean celebrities should pay attention to personal hygiene, wash hands frequently, and adhere to cough etiquette. Those who are ill should avoid attending such events. Event organizers should resort to high velocity air conditioning at the venue. 4. Maintain good hygiene. Use soap to wash hands. Wear a facial mask when coughing.For inquiries on disease control and prevention, please dial 1922 (Centers for Disease Control) or 02-2375-3782 (DOH).
In light of the positive feedback over the MRT station stamp rally collection book released in February earlier this year, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that it will release 5 different stamp rally books which come in 5 different colors. The new products will debut at the online MRT Souvenir website starting at 10 AM on Thursday, June 25. Only 100 copies of each color booklet will be available through the online store. Customers purchasing all five different color booklets together will receive free shipping and an additional discount coupon. An additional 2,500 copies of the stamp rally booklet will be available starting June 29 at the following locations: MRT Souvenir Shop at Taipei Main Station MRT Tamsui, Jiantan, Taipei 101/World Trade Center, Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall, Minquan W. Road, Zhongshan, Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall, Dongmen, Daan, Nanjing Fuxing, Songjiang Nanjing, Ximen, Guting, Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center, Zhongxiao Fuxing, and Zhongxiao Xinsheng stations.Each of the stamp rally collection books costs NT$100. In addition, TRTC also offers a customizable leather notebook which includes all the MRT station stamps and original sketches  as well as the stamp of the upcoming Dingpu Station. The notebook, priced at NT$800, is available for NT$600. Customers who purchase all five different color stamp rally books and the customizable leather notebook and obtain the special stamp from the MRT Souvenir Shop at Taipei Main Station can show the page with the stamp and the Uniform Invoice showing the purchases to exchange for a limited edition coffee mug. Only 200 mugs are available, so hurry while supplies last!For a list of all MRT station stamps, please visit the following Chinese webpage: http://www.metro.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=96513557&ctNode=76749&mp=122035More details on MRT souvenirs and merchandise is available on the following Chinese webpage: https://business.metro.taipei/Home/index.aspx.  
Regarding the comprehensive discount for MRT tickets and discount for bus/MRT transfers, the Department of Transportation (DOT) pointed out that it will review the current policy on public transportation subsides and implement updated measures in January of 2017.To encourage residents to utilize public transportation and familiarize themselves with the use of smart cards, the city government has implemented an across-the-board, 20-percent discount for MRT fares, as well as a discount for transferring between MRT and public bus for EasyCard users. Thanks to the discount measures and the ongoing expansion of the public transportation network, the number of passengers using public transportation has reached 1.86 million daily. According to DOT, the subsidy for MRT fare will continue in the future to benefit both transportation operators and the public. However, considering the fact that current subsidies are provided by Taipei Rapid Transportation Corporation alone, the agency will also consider the reasonable distribution among the company, operators, and the city government. In addition, given the fact that ticket prices for public transportation have remained the same for 16 years, DOT will also review the possibility of adjustments to fares. The agency expects to submit the draft of the updated policy for review by city council in April of 2016. Implementation is slated for January of 2017.
On June 22, Mayor Ko Wen-je exchanged opinions with representatives from the General Chamber of Commerce of the Republic of China on topics ranging from urban renewal, tourism, green energy city, to the fate of Taipei Songshan Airport. The mayor noted that he plans to host regular breakfast talks with industry leaders on weekends and holidays. He will also invite his guests to mark the performance of city department chiefs as reference for evaluation.According to Lai Cheng-i, president of General Chamber of Commerce, the business world has high expectations for Kos administration, hoping it will fast-track plans to promote Taipei as a financial and information hub. As the Taoyuan International Airport MRT is about to enter service, the General Chamber of Commerce supports the proposal to reassign the site of Songshan Airport for other purposes.Ko remarked that the city government will seek advice from industry players through such breakfast meetings. The Department of Labor, for example, has been requested to conduct four meetings a year with labor associations. The Department of Economic Development will follow suit in an effort to connect with businesses and improve administrative effectiveness. The mayor stressed that city agency heads who receive poor marks in their performance will be removed from their posts. The pilot program, starting with the Labor Department, will be expanded to other agencies if successful. 
Shezidao has taken on a new artistic look!The Daotou Park has seen its pavement transformed into a giant three-dimensional work of art featuring a roaring river which cascades over rock as well as lifelike bamboo raft and rubber boat.According to Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO), the art project incorporates the theme of Shezidaos wetland characteristics. The crystal stream brings refreshing coolness in the scorching summer, while fiddler crabs and mudskippers find themselves leisurely bathed in the cold springimages created out of thin air with paintbrushes. Lu Chi, one of the artists who created the painting, pointed out that it takes more time and effort to complete a ground painting, as 3D illusion requires more complicated composition and consideration of proportion. Working more than 10 days under the blazing sun and on burning ground was also an excruciating experience however, the hard work paid off, she noted.   The art scene has been well-received among local residents, many of whom came to appreciate the amazing artwork and took pictures with it. HEO invites the public to visit Daotou Park for a peek of the street art and to spend time relishing the beauty of the unique riverside scenery from the park, which sits at the convergence of Keelung River and Tamsui River.Daotou Park can be accessed on bike from Dadaocheng Wharf, traveling all the way down Shezidao Tiding Cycling Path. 
Deputy Mayor Makoto Kashiwazaki of Yokohama City led a Japanese delegation on a visit to the 2015 Taipei Dragon Boat Festival at Dajia Riverside Park in the afternoon of June 21.Taipei City and Yokohama City became partner cities in 2006. Over the years, the two sides have developed strong bilateral relations. Having organized its own dragon boat events, the deputy mayor is in Taipei to observe and learn from Taipeis event for future reference. Yokohama City Councilor Mori Toshiaki, who is also the chairperson of the councils Taiwan Friendship Alliance, also met with Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang on June 2 to reaffirm the friendship of the two cities.The two exchanged views on subjects ranging from Taipeis hosting of the 2017 Summer Universiade to Yokohamas role in assisting Tokyo in organizing the 2020 summer Olympics.The delegations visit to Taipei is fruitful, allowing the two municipalities to strengthen ties while offering the Japanese dignitaries an opportunity to enjoy watching the dragon boat races.
To encourage parents to take their kids around the city via mass transit during the summer season, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) will release a special parent/child one-day pass for traveling on the MRT!  The limited-time combo ticket is available for purchase at MRT information counters during weekends on holidays in the summer months (from June 19 through August 30).   Each parent/child one-day pass costs NT$150 and can be used by one child (between the age of 6 and 12) with one accompanying adult. The special ticket allows the two passengers to take multiple trips on the MRT network on the day of purchase.  TRTC reminds passengers that the ticket is only available for purchase during weekends and holidays during the aforementioned period, and is valid ON THE DAY OF PURCHASE ONLY.  For more information, please call the TRTC 24-hour Customer Hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizen Hotline. You can also visit the Chinese website of TRTC at: http://www.metro.taipei/  
The 2015 Taipei Dragon Festival activities will take place at Dajia Riverside Park over the long weekend from June 19 through 21. Public Transportation Office (PTO) encourages individuals to take public transportation for accessing the event venue.The limited-time bus routes available are as follows:1. Dragon Boat Shuttle 132: This route operates between MRT Zhongxiao Fuxing Station and Dajia Riverside Park. Stops include MRT Nanjing Fuxing Station, MRT Zhongshan Junior High School Station, and Xingtian Temple. 2. Red 34 and Citizen Mini-bus 9: Visitors can transfer to R34 at MRT Yuanshan Station or Citizen Mini-bus 9 at Taipei Main Station to access the event venue. 3. Bus 222 and 72:Those who alight at Taipei Main Station or individuals living in Dazhi area can take bus 222 and 72 to Riverside Park Dajia Section Stop. The event venue is a short walk from the stop.  PTO noted that traffic control measures will be implemented at the various floodgates. Parking is prohibited in parking zones within the traffic control areas around Dajia Riverside Park. The public are advised to take advantage of public transportation to avoid traffic congestion. 
On April 26, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited Bisha Harbor in Keelung City where he attended a meeting with local fishermens group representatives to learn about the production and sale process of fishery products. The trip resulted in boosting cooperation between the two northern municipalities.The collaboration initiative, jointly organized by the Department of Economic Development and the Department of Education with Keelung City Government, involves supplying fresh seafood for lunch entrees at Taipeis Jingxing Elementary School by the Fishermens Association of Keelung City. Government officials from the two cities joined students in having lunch packed with seasonal and certified seafood from Keelung. The two local governments will work to introduce the harbor citys specialty fishery goods to Taipei in support of the fishing industry.  In addition, the Fishermens Association of Keelung City will also join hands with supermarkets such as Wellcome and Taipei Fishery Marketing Corporation to set up booth offering Keelungs seafood starting June 15. Residents are invited to go for some seafood shopping and free sampling at the Taipei Fish Market on Minzu East Road during a grand promotion event slated for July 5.
Mayor Ko Wen-je invited Chairman James Soong from the People First Party to address city officials during the City Executive Meeting on June 16.Speaking on the subject of Leading to Implement Changes in an Organizations Culture, Soong shared his experience on government administration with the audience, emphasizing on finding solutions to problems which do not violate the law. Citing the old practice of allocating budget surplus from annual public construction procurements for borough meetings, Soong emphasized the importance of using the funds on areas which residents care about.He also stressed the importance of building a sense of honor among the administrative team, which helps to stimulate pride among city staff through working together and achieving goals. The city should not fear mistakes they should fear being left behind. Also, it is important to rectify errors rather than denying them. Talking about the spread of MERS in Korea, Soong reminded city officials to prepare for actions when they see other cities or nations facing the problem and check if local preparation measures are enough. He pointed out that minor issues for citizens should be regarded as major issues for the City. He called upon city officials to walk among the masses to identify the core of problems and understand the needs from the standpoint of citizens. 
To promote the .taipei top-level domain (TLD) registry service, Taipei City Government announced the implementation of Greater Taipei Sunrise Period between June 16 and July 17. Businesses and trademark owners registered in Taipei and New Taipei cities will receive a 20-percent discount off registration fees for domain name www.____.taipei application during this period.     Enterprises or trademark owners registered in the greater Taipei area are encouraged to seize the opportunity to secure a unique TLD of their own to prevent others from beating them to it.To apply, individuals should submit completed application documents to the .taipei registry agency (http://www.nic.taipei/registrar.html). Should there happen to be two or more applications for the same domain name during the Greater Taipei Sunrise Period, the successful applicant will be decided through bidding. This approach marks the first of its kind on the island to resolve the domain name dispute.       The Department of Information Technology pointed out that securing a unique website domain name in place is vital to successful branding of a company or product. It also serves as an important weapon to avoid brand or trademark infringement in the online world. For more information, please visit (http://www.nic.taipei/eng/index.html), write to service@nic.taipei or contact +886-2-25311330.
On June 15, Mayor Ko Wen-je arrived at Longshan Temple in Wanhua District to express his gratitude to the temples board for complying with Taipeis incense reduction policy.Longshan Temple, which took the initial step in reducing the number of incense burners from 21 to 7 in 2005, decided to further reduce the number to 3 this year. The board also agreed on the comprehensive use of eco-friendly incense.During his address, the mayor noted that there are many talks recently about PM 2.5. He noted that many of the particles created by burning incense have impacts on the human body. He noted that the citys long-term policy of reducing incense use and paper-money burning is not to eradicate age-old practices, but to preserve tradition while at the same time moving forward with helping Taipei City improve air quality and protect public health. In light of the approaching Ghost Festival, the Department of Civil Affairs reminds the public to reduce paper-money consumption and, if possible, adopt the practice of collective burning. A possible alternative is to offer rice or merit in place of paper money to lower the impact upon the environment.
Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang paid a visit to Xiamen University on June 14 following her attendance at the 7th Cross-Strait Forum. During a meeting with Dean Hong Yong-miao from the School of Economics, the two explored possibilities and exchanged opinions on bilateral academic cooperation.Touting the scale and resources of the School of Economics, Hong noted that the institution has secured a prominent status in Xiamen University over the years. Chou pointed out that Xiamen University and National Chengchi University (NCCU) have strengthened ties through exchange programs during her stint as professor of finance at NCCU. Xiamen University has been actively inviting top-notch educators from the US, Europe, and Australia to visit the institution, as well as holding high-level international forums and seminars.With Mayor Ko Wen-jes emphasis on the revitalization of senior highand vocational schools and cooperation between the industry and academia, she looks forward to furthering ties between Taipei and Xiamen through the meeting. In addition to academic collaboration, the deputy mayor and faculty from the School of Economics also exchanged views on issues spanning youth entrepreneurship to bilateral trade. Noting that Taipei has signed a letter of intent with Academia Sinica on the development of biotech industry cluster, she hopes her trip to Xiamen University will produce positive results for Taipeis administrative work. 
On June 13, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the Taipei Dome Complex Disaster Prevention and Evacuation Safety Symposium to listen to the opinions of scholars, neighborhood residents, Farglory, and tree protection groups.During his closing remarks, the mayor noted that facing the problem is the first step toward solving the problem. He called out to the audience to not be afraid of confrontation in our society, though a mechanism to settle the confrontation is necessary. The mayor attributed the controversy to three main factors: a confusion of time, a confusion of relations, and a confusion of law. Noting that several participants pointed out that the problem should have been discussed 10 years ago, the mayor agreed and pointed out that the issue would have faced public scrutiny if Taiwan was a nation more advanced in civilization like the US or Japan. However, the nation has to develop and improve, and it has to examine past problems with newer standards.On the issue of the confusion of relations, the mayor pointed out that it has to do with the complicated relations between politics and businesses  especially the two roles the government takes up in BOT (Build, Operate, and Transfer) projects. On one hand, the government functions as the partner of businesses yet, it is also the supervising authority who holds the power of governance. The dual  and conflicting  role of Taipei City Government becomes a problem when dealing with the Taipei Dome BOT project. As the partner of businesses, the city governments role as the defender of public interests and welfare cease to exist, and this is why theres a confusion in relations/roles. Finally, theres the confusion of law. Noting that advances in technology develop faster than the pace of law, he believes that the safety report presented by the city government is not the last verdict because ultimately, it is the job and responsibility of the Ministry of the Interiors Construction and Planning Agency to make the final judgement.Pointing out that while the three confusions are products of history, Ko stressed that past problems still have to be resolved. Despite the difference of opinions from across the spectrum, he remarked that the governments role is to mediate between the different voices and look after the welfare of the masses. The symposium itself is also a milestone for Taiwan politics as the government has taken steps to make public the problem it is facing over public construction projects.Ko emphasizes that open government, public participation, and transparency are the core of his platform. All proceedings of the symposium is open to the media, and the records of the meeting are also available online. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je unveiled the citys initiative in promoting fair trade during a press event on June 11. He noted that the City will actively mount campaigns among other promotional effort in the coming year to make Taiwan on par with some of the advanced countries which honor fair trade.Ko pointed out Taiwan is only the third city in Asia to apply for international fair trade certification, following Japans Kumamoto City and South Koreas Seoul. A qualified fair trade city must meet five requirements: a) Fair trade products should be available in the citys stores b) Offices must use fair trade commodities c) The media are obliged to promote the concept of fair trade d) There are organizations in the country devoted to advocating fair trade and e) The city council should pass fair trade-related regulations. The mayor stressed that the true spirit of fair trade lies in the elimination of sweatshops. The majority of populace may be unaware of the fact that coffee plantation slaves (workers receiving unfair treatment) who are often ill-treated have never had the chance to taste what coffee is like. The establishment of a fair city is therefore a cultural movement to raise awareness on unfair trading conditions. The mayor reckoned that education plays a key role in promoting the concept of fair trade to the masses. It will take more than a year of preparation to realize the goal of transforming Taipei into a member of fair trade cities, Ko added.  
"The Neigou River Ecological Exhibition Hall will be hosting natural tours led by Uncle Neigou on June 27! The tour will be divided into morning and afternoon sessions, taking participants on a trip to sites along the river.According to Chief Chen Yen-cheng from the Geotechnical Engineering Offices Forest Recreation Section, the special tours will cover three main topics: the past and present of Neigou River, insect paradise on water, and diary of an old stone. These events combine DIY games, environment walk-and-read tours, observation of natural surroundings, and riverside activities. Chairman Fang of Huajiang Wetlands Protection Alliance pointed out that Uncle Neigou tours seek to introduce visitors to the surrounding environment through discovering answers to intuitive questions such as Is there coal production in Taipei?, Whats in the creeks and rivers?, What should you do if rain falls? and Why are there patterns on rocks?Online registration for the tour kicks off at noon on June 12 at the blog of Neigou River Ecological Exhibition Hall: (http://geneigousi.blogspot.tw)(Chinese). Only limited space is available, so apply soon!For more information please call the exhibition hall at: (TEL) 02-2581-1365.Neigou River Ecological Exhibition HallAddress: No. 236-3, Kangle Street, Neihu District, Taipei CityHow to Get There:1.	By Car: Leave National Highway 1 via Kangning Interchange and travel along Donghu Road until reaching and turning onto Kangle Street. Alternatively, Travel on Chenggong Road, continuing along Kanghu Road until reaching Kangle Street.2.	By Bus: Take bus 630, 287, 281, 903, 646, or 53 (disembark at Zhongsan Street and walk for 15 minutes).3.	By MRT: Bannan Line  disembark at MRT Kunyang Station and take bus 1 or 281 Wenhu Line  disembark at either MRT Huzhou Station (transfer to bus 287, 630, 903, or S1) or MRT Donghu Station (take bus 281 or S1)."
In light of recent violence against school children on campus, the Womens and Childrens Protection Division of Taipei City Police Department (WCPD) urges the public to keep an eye out for the safety of kids and protect them from potential dangers.WCPD noted that young students are exposed to a number of risks when going to school. The first priority is to always abide by road traffic safety rules such as not jaywalking and paying special attention to scaffolding or dangerous objects along the sidewalks when passing by construction sites. In addition, statistics show that children are especially vulnerable to abduction by strangers who use lures such as toys and food, or even being forcibly taken away by psychotics. WCPD calls upon parents to equip their children with a whistle (without strings attached, for fear of being used as a strangling tool by abductors) with them at all times.WCPD also advises parents to set a numeric password known only between them and their children. Should the youngsters encounter strangers who claim to have connections with their parents, they can ask them for the password as an identity check. More tips on self-protection can be found at the Chinese WCPD website (http://wpd.police.taipei/) or the Facebook fan page (https://www.facebook.com/jennyfuyo). 
Mayor Ko Wen-je reiterated the city governments resolution to push ahead with the long-overdue Shezidao redevelopment project during an interpellation session at Taipei City Council on June 9. Having inspected the neighborhood and listened to the needs of residents, Ko noted that locals are concerned about whether the city government will adopt the demolish before building approach or vice-versa. He promised that Shezidao residents will have the right to choose from the two approaches those opting for demolish before building method will receive rent subsidies.  The mayor expressed his gratitude to city councilors for their detailed and comprehensive research reports regarding the areas redevelopment. He remarked that their proposals, which place local welfare on top of all priorities while providing solutions to foreseeable problems, will serve as valuable reference for the implementation of the project.    Ko accepted city councilors suggestion regarding the establishment of an institution to deal with the issue specifically. Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong proposed entrusting the mission to an upgraded Land Development Agency in the future. 
The Xiahai City God Temple in Taipei is a well-known landmark on Dihua Street, attracting tourists from around the world. In light of the City Gods birthday on June 29 (May 14 on the Chinese Lunar Calendar), the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) will be holding an event to celebrate the occasion.Due to the ongoing renovation of the temple structure, the Xiahai City God Cultural Festival this year will not hold a procession. However, there are still many activities to be experienced and enjoyed, including a birthday fair on June 13, recreating the neighborhood from the 1920s and 1930s. Starting early morning on June 14, the City God will tour the neighborhood on Dragon Boat, reenacting his arrival in Taiwan. On June 29, a feast to commemorate the City Gods birthday will take place, with decorations spanning flowers, candles, tea, and wine, as well as fruit carvings by master artisans to honor the special day.In addition to holding the City God as the patron diety, the Xiahai City God Temple also worships other gods, including General Fan, General Hsieh, City Gods Wife, Old Man under the Moon, and Chusheng Niangniang (Goddess of Childbirth). TPEDOIT suggests that visitors who plan to visit the temple can also stop by nearby landmarks such as the Chinese junk model next to the Dadaocheng wharf. During the golden age of Dadaocheng, these Chinese junks served as important transportation tools for both local and foreign merchants doing business in the area. Even the City God was said to have arrived in Dadaocheng on one of these vessels.To get to Dihua Street, visitors can take the MRT Zhonghe-Xinlu Line (Line 4) to MRT Daqiaotou Station. The old street is a 3-minute walk from Exit 1.
To promote the new website of Apps.TAIPEI (http://apps.taipei), the Department of Information Technology (DOIT) is holding an event promising attractive prizes. Individuals who participate in the two activities at the event website (http://event.taipei) between June 3 and 23 will have a chance to bring home an iPad Air, air purifier, LG AKA smart phone, ZenFone 5, Cuisinart ice cream maker, drip brew coffeemaker, and more!Activity 1APP NEW Discoveryencourages people to recommend Taipei City related mobile applications they consider useful and with cool design. Activity 2  Create Your App City Collage  invites participants to recommend their favorite App developed by Taipei City and paste the link to designated webpage.  According to DOIT, the updated version of http://apps.taipei is available starting May 25. The website provides the pubic with a one-stop portal to access city government developed apps, spanning categories of health, environmental protection, tourism, transportation, culture, public safety, and employment. The site plans to incorporate more privately-developed apps targeting civil services in the future.For more information about the event, please visit http://event.taipei (Chinese) or call 1999 Citizen Hotline, extension 1070 during office hours.
The New Constructions Office (NCO) is organizing a three-day-long boot camp for the new staff assigned to the new Taipei City Road Pipeline Information Center at the Department of Civil Servant Development starting June 8.Nearly 200 personnel from over 40 agencies and units with pipelines signed up for the program. On the opening day, Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong addressed the attending class members. He noted that Taipeis pipeline management center is the first of its kind in the nation, combining information, technology, and human resources. He encouraged the members to work together in a systematic way to ensure smooth management of the subterranean pipeline networks.According to NCO, the lessons will cover topics such as center operations, related SOPs, 3D pipeline maps, monitoring of road constructions, innovative and intelligent management, and new construction technologies. Class instructors include academics and experts from related fields.Completion of hardware installation of the new center is slated for the end of June. The governing articles of the center are currently being reviewed by the mayor and are expected to be announced in the near future.
In preparation for the upcoming 2015 Taipei International Dragon Boat Festival, Mayor Ko Wen-je traveled to Quyuan Temple in Beitou to preside over the dragon eye painting ceremony on June 7.During his speech, the mayor pointed out that Quyuan Temple is the only temple in Taiwan who worships the great poet Quyuan as the patron deity.By taking part in the dragon eye painting ceremony, the mayor hopes that the 2015 Taipei International Dragon Boat Festival competition will be smooth and successful. According to the mayor, this years competition has attracted 240 teams and over 6,000 participants. This sets another new record for the dragon boat event hosted by Taipei City.When asked by the media whether he will personally take part in the dragon boat race, Ko remarked that he will need to practice beforehand if he is going to try rowing the oars.
On June 6, Mayor Ko Wen-je took part in a dialogue with I-MEI Foods Co. Chairman Kao Chih-ming on food safety issues during the entrepreneurs book launch event.The mayor set out three goals to sum up the conversation: 1.) the establishment of a unified food items glossary is needed 2.) businesses should be held responsible for the safety of their products and 3.) the adoption of international food safety standards.   Kao pointed out that various kinds of beans have been referred to collectively as soybean when exported. Discrepancies exist for the terms of foodstuff used by Finance Ministry, Council of Agriculture, and Ministry of Health and Welfare, creating confusion and hampering management. Ko added that the Citys food tracer platform has seen the same item registered with different names, making it harder to classify and standardize for statistic collection. He believes that unification of food names is critical in establishing a sound tracer platform. Citing administrative obstacles in the tracking of food source as Taipei sits at the consumer end of the supply chain, Ko urged businesses to conduct strict measures to ensure quality of their own products. Industry leaders, in particular, should strive to uphold their corporate reputation through establishing laboratories and conducting thorough examination of products.The mayor also stressed that the government should assist in food inspection work for street vendors, as well as small-scale food companies which lack the capabilities of carrying out product examination on their own.
On June 4, Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over drill with a scenario based on a possible MERS-CoV outbreak at Zhongxiao Branch of Taipei City Hospital (TCH).Expressing his satisfaction over personnel performance during the exercise, Ko pointed out that it is a sure thing for the virus to show up in Taiwan. The City should be prepared to take isolation measures upon receiving report of confirmed cases.Ko reassured the public of the soundness of the islands medical system and abundance in human resources. Citing his experience in tackling SARS 12 years ago as the head of NTUH Intensive Care Ward, he stressed that facing the problems is key to solving them. He instructed TCH staff to report any suspected cases immediately before the disease goes out of control. He believes that the City is capable of containing a possible outbreak with limited number of cases. The H1N1 flu pandemic in 2009, for example, caused great fatalities in other countries however, 8 patients survived out of 9 cases in Taiwan thanks to Extra-Corporeal Membrane Oxygenation treatment provided by NTUH. While thanking participating staff for their preparation effort, the mayor made it a case to establish close communication ties between the Department of Health and the Centers for Disease Control. The video recording the operational procedures during the exercise will also be shared to local hospitals and other municipalities to help the island strengthen its preparedness against the pandemic. TCH Vice Superintendent Chu Ta-cheng added that Taipei boasts a mobile disease prevention squad in charge of tracking and managing individuals who have come into contact with confirmed patients. Taipei is also closely monitoring the development of MERS in South Korea. 
As the future host of Velo-city Global in 2016, Taipei City Government dispatched a 30-member delegation led by Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang to France to promote the event on June 3.The city of Nantes in France is the host city of the Velo-city 2015.The Velo-city Global is an event hosted by bicycle-friendly cities around the world. Past hosts include Copenhagen, Amsterdam, Vienna, and Vancouver. Members of the delegation met with the Chairman of European Cyclists Federation (ECF) Manfred Neun at the booth promoting Velo-city 2016 Taipei. They invited dignitaries  including the mayors of Copenhagen and Amsterdam  to attend the event taking place between February 27 and March 1, 2016, at the islands capital city.During the World Cycling Alliance Annual General Meeting, Chairman Neun also extended Taipeis invitation to the attending members.The Velo-city 2016 Taipei will take place alongside the International Cycle Show 2016 (slated for March 2 through 5) and the Taipei stop competition of the 2016 Tour de Taiwan (March 6).
Wondering where to dispose of unwanted books or publications?The Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) announced that it will team up with Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) to install book drop boxes at 10 MRT stations along Xinyi, Tamsui, Wenhu, Bannan, and Xinlu lines.The 10 stations selected include Houshanpi, Xiangshan, Linguang, Wanfang Community, Dazhi, Dahu Park, Yuanshan, Jiantan, Xingtian Temple, and Xinbeitou.Since the establishment of Yanhui Book Warehouse, the facility has provided a great number of disadvantaged students and groups with access to reading materials. To expand operations regarding used book donations, DEP collaborated with department stores, supermarkets, and bookstores to set up book drop boxes in 2014.With MRT stations increasing importance as transportation hubs, DEP believes that setting up book donation boxes across the MRT network will see more books received, thanks to the convenience provided to passengers. As major entrance exams have drawn to a conclusion, DEP calls upon junior and senior high school students to donate reference books to Yanhui Book Warehouse for the benefit of younger students.According to the agency, Yanhui Book Warehouse online platform has reported over 90 times of use from municipalities outside Taipei since its launch. Social welfare organizations have also shown interest in the collection amassed by the used book warehouse.
In light of the spread of MERS-CoV (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus) in South Korea, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) indicated that it will monitor updates on the disease closely and will immediately implement outbreak preventative measures if the Centers for Disease Control issues any warning on presence of the disease in Taiwan.According to the agency, all MRT stations, train cars, and commercial facilities implement cleaning operations on a regular basis. Furthermore, public notices and updates are shown on running lights and screen monitors at platform and various locations inside the stations, reminding passengers to wash their hands often and those feeling unwell to wear face masks to protect themselves and others.TRTC also keeps a wide range of medical devices recommended by health agencies in stock, such as rubbing alcohol and ear thermometers. The agency noted that it has an inventory of disease-prevention-related materials lasting up to one month.As for facilities and equipment seeing frequent use such as toilet seats, door handles, ticket vendor touchscreens, elevator buttons, and escalator handrails, TRTC remarked that cleaning workers conduct cleaning with rubbing alcohol on a daily basis.The agency pointed out that TRTC will collaborate with the city government to enact disease prevention policies as required. If necessary, it will implement measures used during the SARS outbreak, requiring passengers to wear face mask when taking trains and taking temperature before entering the stations.
Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang met with Germany-Taiwan Parliamentary Friendship Group led by Chair Klaus-Peter Willsch at city hall on June 1. The meeting discussed a number of topics spanning intelligent city, aging populations, cultural and art exchanges, youth programs, and strengthening of international partnership. Chou noted that Taipei has much to learn from Germany, which enjoys a good reputation for its achievements in areas such as social insurance, long-term care, feed-in tariff scheme, renewable energy policy, and approaches to building sustainable, ecological, and green cities.One of the delegates, German Parliamentarian Jens Koeppen, inquired about the city governments organization, number of employees, and structure, as well as policies regarding personal information protection, availability of government information, smart city, and e-government. The deputy mayor explained the Citys smart city initiatives to the dignitaries, covering cloud data and open data policies. Lauding the capitals active role in the building of a smart city, Willsch promised to become a bridge between the two sides in establishing sister cities partnerships. The German delegation will also pay official visits to Office of the President, Legislative Yuan, and other government institutions.  
The Beitou Public Library is one of the ten coolest green buildings around the world, according to When On Earth website.This unique green building located in Beitou District also appeared on CNNs Step inside 27 fascinating libraries report in April of 2014, as well as in Flavorwire.coms The 25 Most Beautiful Public Libraries in the World article published in the same year.  The library was also recognized by the National Architecture Awards in October of 2014.After undergoing renovations, the overhauled Taipei Public Library Beitou Branch reopened on November 17, 2006. The revamped structure was given a diamond rating for green buildings by the government, making it the first library to receive the certification on the island.The library attracts an average of over 55,000 visitors per month and houses a collection of approximately 22,000 books and publications.
Come enjoy the Dragon Boat Festival spiced with a tint of Hakka flavor!  Organized by Taipei Hakka Affairs Commission (HAC), an event featuring hands-on zongzi wrapping and traditional Hakka rice cake baking activities will take place at Taipei Hakka Cultural Park on June 13.     For Hakka people, Dragon Boat Festival is a time for reflecting upon their lives and their past. The subgroup of Han Chinese adapt to the changing weather between spring and summer by using herbs to expel insects and for medicinal purposes. The event offers the public an opportunity to appreciate the wisdom of Hakka ancestors while promoting the importance of ecology conservation and co-existence with nature.  On June 13, event participants can try their hands at making ginger lily zongzi (glutinous rice with fillings) and Chinese mugwort ban (rice cake) by learning from Hakka community volunteers, as well as engaging in quiz games to test your herbal knowledge.    Individuals interested in the class will have to sign up as groups (parent-child or grandparent-child), with 120 teams as the maximum. Detailed information can be found at the events Facebook fan page (https://www.facebook.com/Hakkatraditional)    
The new Hutian Community Center was inaugurated at 10 AM on June 2.Situated near the Zhuzihu area in Yangmingshan, the location of the Hutian Community Center boasts the highest elevation among Taipeis numerous community centers.The opening ceremony, co-organized by the Beitou District Office and Hutian Borough Office, spotlighted a performance by the young members of the lion dance troupe from Hutian Elementary School.Located on the site of the former shooting range for police and military personnel, the two-story structure was completed in May, 2015. According to borough chief Tsao Chang-cheng of Hutian Borough, the original intention was to construct a facility offering local residents a place to meet and conduct classes and discussions on community farm activities.The construction cost of the building is approximately NT$11.98 million.Beitou District Director Lee Mei-li pointed out that the community center will become a landmark structure during the calla lily season between February and May every year. During the off-seasons, the building will be used by locals as classrooms for a variety of courses. Following the relocation of the borough office, the building will also serve as a visitor information center for the Zhuzihu area and emergency evacuation facility.
"In light of confirmed MERS-CoV (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus) cases reported in South Korea, the Department of Health (DOH) has stepped up preparation measures.A recent suspected MERS case involving a 34-year-local old man who reported symptoms has been removed after lab tests indicated negative results. Director Chen from the Division for Disease Control and Prevention noted that Taipei, being a densely-packed city and an international tourist destination, has to adopt a standardized and cautious approach towards the threat of an outbreak. As of May 31, a total of 3 suspected cases were reported in Taipei: none of the cases has been confirmed. DOH has adopted the following measures in response to the rise of confirmed MERS-CoV cases in Korea: (1)	On May 25, DOH notified city-affiliated medical facilities, Taipei Medical Association, and Grassroots Medical Association of the ROC to remain on alert and pay special attention to outpatients TOCC (Travel History, Occupation, Contact History, and Cluster).(2)	During the cross-department meeting on MERS-CoV on May 27, Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji has instructed city agencies to keep up on the latest international and domestic updates on MERS-CoV and promote public awareness on prevention measures.For more information, please call the Centers for Disease Control (TEL: 1922) or DOH Disease Prevention Hotline (TEL: 2375-3782)."
On May 31, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended at a concert organized by Taiwan Association against the Drunk Driving (TADD) to help raise awareness on deterring the crime of driving under the influence of alcohol (DUI).As the founder of TADD, Ko stressed that the issue needs to be tackled at the source, in addition to cracking down on DUI offense. Citing statistics from 2014, Ko pointed out that 9,300 people were killed or injured in alcohol-induced collisions. Taipei accounted for only 1% of the total due to tight clampdown on such a crime, though this approach still doesnt effectively address the problem.    Ko added that the proportion of DUI motorcyclists to vehicle drivers is roughly 3:1. The working class, especially those with highest degree from junior or senior high schools, makes up 70 percent of the offenders. These problems cannot be overlooked when it comes to deterring drunk driving. The mayor believes that public servants should set an example of obeying the law. If any city employee commits DUI offense, he/she will receive Grade C rating in the performance review as punishment. He also instructed the Department of Social Welfare to work out solutions for the issue at the source with the support of government. Meanwhile, he requested the Police Department to continue strict law enforcement against drunk driving to reduce related fatalities and injuries. 
epartment of Urban Development (DUD) is holding a competition to stimulate innovative ideas for the citys urban renewal work, seeking to engage the youth in creating a new city landscape for the next generation.The competition consists of two categoriesA) urban design and architectural design B) urban renewal and community empowerment. Category A, which focuses on Liuzhangli military camp area in Xinyi District, will explore possibilities for the area to be redeveloped from the perspectives of overall urban design, base planning, architectural design, and public housing.Category B, centered on Lanzhou and Siwen Li residential complexes, will set out to find viable solutions to the problems facing the derelict residential buildings through renovation, public housing construction, and reuse of land peripheral to the area in question.  Individuals who come up with great ideas are welcome to submit their proposals between June 18 and September 18. The contest is limited to students at college or university levels and who major in departments ranging from architecture, urban design, space (environmental) design, urban planning, urban renewal, law, finance, social welfare to intelligent technology applications.There will be a gold, silver, and bronze award for each category with a cash prize of NT$150,000, NT$100,000, and NT$50,000 respectively. The popularity award will be decided by the public through online voting.To learn more about the event, please visit http://www.planning.taipei.gov.tw/ (Chinese).
The Wanda Daycare Center was inaugurated on May 28. Located on the premises of Wanhua Senior High School, the new facility is the citys fifteenth and Wanhua Districts second public childcare institute. It is also the ninth example for the city to successfully invigorate unused public space.  Adopting the approach of adaptive learning, Wanda Daycare Center is designed to create an open environment for toddlers to explore freely and it differentiates teaching techniques according to infants needs. The institute also boasts amenities conducive to the physical and intellectual development of kids.  Wanda Daycare Center accepts tots aged two months to two years old. Each class is limited to 15 infants the maximum is 45. The facility charges NT$11,000 a month. The fee will drop to NT$5,500 deducting child rearing subsidies granted to qualified parents.The service hours are 7:30 AM to 7 PM, Monday through Friday. Extension of service hours and temporary babysitting are available should the need arise. The care center will also hold lectures or family activities.Interested parents are welcome to visit the facility and register for their infants on May 29 and June 4. A lottery-drawing session will be conducted at 7 PM, June 4 and the admission list will be released at 10 AM, June 5.To learn more about the childcare service, call (02) 2337-5687.  
Looking for ways to resurrect the glorious days of your old store? Eager to run your family business which prepares for the future? Planning to give your shop a facelift and brand-new image?   Acknowledging the needs of small business owners, the Department of Economic Development (DOED) is launching the Taipei Design Corner campaign to help business establishments upgrade through a dose of design.Now in its sixth year, the campaign will adopt a new approach which involves consultants providing their professional advice on store branding which emphasizes its uniqueness. Past campaigns consisted mostly of matchmaking design teams with shops in need of renovation.This year, Taipei Design Corner targets business premises which have great potential in dining and creative life industries. With the slogan Old Neighborhood, New Look, the project seeks to invigorate long-established shops and transform Taipei into a glamorous city. Application for the project ends on June 21. Those qualified will receive free consultation and access to design resources. Interested individuals are welcome to attend the information sessions on June 3 and June 10. To learn more about Taipei Design Corner, visit www.taipeixdesign.taipei/step.asp (Chinese) or call 02-27060128#221.
Do you know about the new mascots of Maokong Gondola? Meet the Maokong Little Elves  Tea Bob, Tea Master, Blossom Honey, and Ninja Bamboo! To celebrate the arrival of the new mascots of the Maokong Gondola, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) will be holding a special stamp rally. There are a total of four Gondola Station Commemorative Stamps, each with unique design and placed at the respective Maokong Gondola stations. Participants who purchase the special stamp collection booklet and collects 3 different stamps can exchange for a special voucher to take one photo at the Maokong Gondola photo booth. The voucher can be exchanged at the first floor of the Maokong Gondola Taipei Zoo Station. A total of 20 vouchers will be available each day during the activity period.The stamp rally runs from Wednesday, May 27 through Sunday, May 31. To promote the new mascots, TRTC introduces the special stamp collection booklet designed by illustrator mini Hana. The all-color, B6-size booklet features the four Maokong Little Elves and is available for NT$200. The booklet can be acquired at the souvenir shop on the first floor ticket booth of the Maokong Gondola Taipei Zoo Station, at the MRT Souvenir Corner inside the same building, at the MRT Souvenir Shop at Taipei Main Station, or at the online shop of TRTC.For more information, please call the TRTC 24-hour Customer Hotline (TEL: 02-218-12345) or the 1999 Citizen Hotline. Details are also available at the Chinese website of TRTC: (http://www.metro.taipei/) 
On May 26, Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the ceremony honoring Taipei Citys middle school students who demonstrated outstanding performance during the second semester of the 2014 school year.During his address, the mayor noted that he has an entire speech planned, but after seeing the 381 awards, he believes it is best to keep things short and move on with handing them out.Ko remarked that many students regard the title of model student to be extremely important. He agrees that receiving the award is being recognized and encouraged. However, it is also a responsibility, because becoming a model student means that the students actions will be judged accordingly by his or her peers.Citing himself as an example, Ko admitted that being the mayor he cannot speak as freely as he used to when teaching at National Taiwan University. His frankness set off laughter in the audience.The mayor handed the award to the recipients and stood for photo ops with the winners and their family members. An award recipient surnamed Chou showed outstanding achievements in music and sports despite being affected by rare disease. The student won a thunderous round of applause from the audience when receiving the award from Ko.
Teaming up with The Urbanists Collaborative (TUC), Taipei Citys Urban Regeneration Office (URO) will be organizing Civic Caf--Call For Ideas at Jiancheng Circle from 9 AM to 5:30 PM on May 30.Established around 1908, Jiancheng Circle was once a culinary hub of the Dadaocheng area. The market reached its peak in the 1950s, becoming one of the most iconic landmarks characteristic of local food culture. Its popularity, however, waned following two conflagrations in 1993 and 1999.Despite the citys continual effort to renovate the food court, the result has been unsatisfactory for lack of consensus between the government and the locals. The rebirth of Jiancheng Circle will not be realized without the involvement of city residents.In light of this, URO seeks to listen to what people have to say about the future of Jiancheng Circle through the Civic Caf. The event will feature vibrant discussions to explore possibilities on how the market can be redeveloped from the perspectives of transportation, gastronomy, urban environment, historical context, and cultural tourism.  Participants include city councilors from Datong District, opinion leaders, citizens, community planners, experts, scholars, budding architects, as well as government officials. To learn more about Jiancheng Circle Civic Caf, contact URO (TEL: 2321-5696#3006) or TUC (TEL: 7711-0779#617). Jiancheng Circle Address: No. 284-1, Nanjing W. Rd., Datong District
After saying goodbye to Hello Kitty, the Maokong Gondola welcomes the arrival of new Mascot characters gracing the facility starting Saturday, May 23.The four new Maokong sprites are Chapei, Chabao, Sunqing, and Huani. These cute characters represent some of the local attractions, including tea, pothole, green bamboo shoots, and flowers. To welcome these new mascots, the gondola cabins are outfitted with five different design themes to introduce these sprites to passengers as they visit the different destinations along the gondola trail. The new mascots are the results of collaboration between Maokong Gondola and the Department of Industrial and Commercial Design of National Taiwan University of Science and Technology.Department Chairman Sung Tung-jung noted that the school came up with the mascots fined-tuned to promote the unique traits of Maokong area and local tourism.Furthermore, visitors will also find four souvenir stamps featuring the Maokong sprites. Designed by the illustrator mini Hana, the cute stamps are located at the gondola stations  each station offers its own unique stamp. Visitors can also obtain free copies of stamp collection pamphlets, which are available at the gondola stations in limited supplies.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the inaugural meeting of Angels Club at Neihu Technology Park on May 25. The organizations establishment shows the city governments determination in creating a friendly environment to nurture entrepreneurship.During his address, Ko thanked Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh of the Department of Economic Development for his effort in the projects implementation. Citing words of a professor from Stanford University, he believes that what matters in incubating new businesses is to educate the youth on the importance of learning from failure instead of success.He elaborated on the idea by drawing an analogy between ecology and the history of corporate development. As there are more extinct species than the number of people attending the press conference today, Ko stressed that failure is the norm while success is often the exception. However, the fear of failure will not lead to success.    The mayor reckoned that the city government is endeavoring to ensure would-be entrepreneurs receive adequate assistance. The one-stop counter on the ground floor of city hall, for example, helps eliminate administrative red tape that discourages individuals who wish to start a business.Other measures include forming entrepreneurship mentor team, offering consultation clinic, holding entrepreneurship experience-sharing sessions, as well as competitions to identify up-and-coming entrepreneurs.With the attendance of 45 corporate sponsors, Ko remarked that Taiwan is awash with capital but lacks prospective investment targets. He encourages young people to exert their talent to lure potential investors.
In the midst of rain, Mayor Ko Wen-je received the torch of the 2015 Gwangju Summer Universiade from Chou of the Gwangju Universiade Torch Relay Delegation on May 23.The torch relay kicked off in Paris, in preparation for the 2015 Gwangju Summer Universiade slated for July of 2015.During his speech, the mayor welcomed both the friends from Korea who traveled all the way to Taiwan for the relay and the athletes of the torch relay team. He has been thinking about how to prepare for the 2017 Taipei Universiade and pointed out his thoughts of making Taipei a city of sports culture.Being a doctor himself, Ko remarked that doctors often encourage their patients to exercise but they themselves rarely exercise. Fortunately, he forces himself to work out and accomplished various feats over the past four years, including traveling the island on bicycle, climbing Mount Jade, and taking part in the Taipei 101 stair-climbing competition. He admitted that most of these activities took one month to prepare and execute, leaving him 11 months without exercise. Therefore, he hopes that the upcoming Universiade will help raise awareness of exercise habits for residents of this city.The mayor concluded that the most important task for Taipei City is to mobilize the entire city to prepare for the upcoming sports event in 2017. To accommodate the participation of over 11,000 athletes, Taipei plans to hire 30,000 volunteers over the next two years to help out in areas such as language communications, venues, and traffic maintenance. The city government commenced the promotion campaign last week preparations will pick up after the conclusion of the 2015 Gwangju Summer Universiade in July.
To promote the Citys open data policy, the Department of Information Technology (DOIT) held the first ever Taipei Open Data Hackathon at city hall on May 23. The event saw over 200 participants pitted against each other in a 10-hour marathon to develop applications using materials from the citys data sets. The Data.taipei platform provides one-stop access to an array of city-related information and services, helping users eliminate much time in searching for what they need. The contest seeks to explore possibilities for benefits of the public through utilization of government data.  The Hackathon featured program design competition based on four themesvalue-added application of open data, organization and comparison of open data, open government and public participation, as well as bad data/good data challenge.The jury panel consists of Chen Sheng-wei from Academia Sinicas Institute of Information Science, g0v (pronounced as Gov-zero) founding member Kao Chia-liang, Taipei City Government Public Participation Commission member Lu Chia-hua, and DOIT Commissioner Lee Wei-bin. These professional judges will select winners by evaluating the originality, completeness, and social influence  among other factors of the works. The top prize is a cash award of NT$30,000. The results of the contest will be made public as an open source for further application and development. To learn more about the Hackathon, please visit the Chinese official website at http://hackathon.data.taipei/
As part of the 2015 Taipei Traditional Market Festival, Taipei City Market Administration Office invites the public to participate in the festivities at Yongji Market on May 24.  Known for its array of fresh and prepared foods, Yongji Market boasts award-winning roast chicken and vegetarian snacksnotably herbal rice cakes with rich stuffing.  The event will open with a percussion performance by Boling Taiko Drumming Group, followed by a quiz session testing participants knowledge about traditional market culture with a guaranteed NT$1,000 top prize. Those who guess right at the price-is-right and weight-is-right activities will be able to bring home a basket consisting of fresh vegetables and fruits.In addition, on the day of the event individuals who make a purchase of NT$200 or more will receive an exchange coupon for a tissue pack. A total of NT$18,000-worth of cash coupons are available! Visitors can also enjoy free rice noodle and grass jelly desserts, among other snacks.To learn more about 2015 Taipei Traditional Market Festival, please visit the activity website: http://www.festival.market.taipei/ (Chinese)
Taipei City Public Transportation Office (PTO) announced that a total of 38 low-floor buses will be put into service starting May 22. This brings the number of citys low-base bus fleet to 2,514 (including 107 hybrid models). These buses will be assigned to serving routes 18, 611, BR6, 253, 251, 254, BR2, 672, and 670. According to PTO, the 38 vehicles adopt universal design with the aim of creating a more convenient and pleasant riding experience for passengers--especially senior citizens, people with disabilities, and pregnant women.Taking into consideration the needs of people with hearing and/or visual imparities, as well as foreign visitors who are unfamiliar with local bus routes, the new vehicles come equipped with stop info display and broadcast systems, clear and lucid route maps, bilingual (Chinese and English) signs indicating fare to be paid when boarding or alighting, and more.    For wheelchair-bound passengers, there is an area set aside on the bus where the wheelchair can be secured by hooks at the four wheels to prevent accidental sliding. The seat is also equipped with an emergency intercom which enables the rider to talk with the driver.In addition, priority seating on each bus will be increased to account for at least one-third of the total seating. This ensures more comfort for the elderly, infirm passengers, and women with children. 
Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong attended Urban Regeneration Offices (URO) midyear report meeting on May 20.Lin praised UROs role during the One Hundred Days Reform of Mayor Ko Wen-jes administration  drafting the government-led urban renewal strategic plan and holding two information meetings, as well as signing a letter of intent with National Taiwan University on public urban renewal. The proactive approach taken by the city government has demonstrated its capabilities in policy-devising, communication with the public, and building cooperation.   Lin added that urban renewal was dominated by private developers in the past, with the process being complicated by red tape, prolonged administrative procedures, and citizens rights disputes.In light of this, URO should lead the effort to promote urban renewal policies to regenerate the city, starting with public land and properties where many disadvantaged individuals reside. Tasks on the agenda include pushing forward with ongoing renewal projects, implementing the plan of resident community planners, conducting survey of residents, architectural design for renewal bases, financial analysis, construction of public housing, public tender, evaluation of potential renewal locations, and more. The deputy mayor also made a case for the regeneration of old communities. Projects on the agenda include Jiancheng Circle redevelopment, market renovation, traditional industries revival, green transportation, cultural tourism, riverbank recreation, and more. Lin remarked that the city government will continue to become the driving force behind urban renewal efforts. It will also continue to lobby the central government to amend the Urban Renewal Act, encouraging the public sector to take the wheel of urban renewal efforts.   
Taipei City Government ordered Farglory Dome to suspend construction works of Taipei Dome for violating Article 58 of the Building Act. The written notification was dispatched on May 20.According to statistics published by the departments of cultural affairs and rapid transit systems, the data from monitoring both the historical Songshan Tobacco Factory and the tunnel of neighboring MRT line have shown exacerbating figures since mid-February. During the meeting between city hall and Farglory on March 27, the company pointed out that halting works before the completion of the foundation will endanger public safety. In the interest of ensuring the safety of citizens, the city government dispatched a task force to inspect the ongoing works at the foundation on April 24. The City also demanded Farglory to produce plans with clear methods regarding improvements and hasten the construction of foundation.Recent data acquired from the monitoring of the tobacco plant and the subway tunnel showed no signs of improvement, indicating Farglory Domes negligence of public safety and disregard for historical site preservation. The City ordered Farglory Dome to submit concrete plans on improvements before May 18 and to propose its plans on repairing damages to the historical site to the Department of Cultural Affairs by May 18. However, the 7 documents submitted by Farglory Dome between May 11 and 19 failed to provide concrete details on improvements. The companys reply regarding repairs to the tobacco factory also failed to address the issue on how to prevent future damages to the building. Furthermore, the company repeatedly used foundation construction as an excuse to apply for further extension of work period. The latest extension request, submitted on May 18, asked for the deadline to be extended from July to August 15. In the interest of protecting both citizens and the historical site, the city government ordered Farglory Dome to suspend all constructions on May 20. It demanded the company to submit concrete plans on improving the safety of Taipei Domes construction before work is allowed to recommence.
Former Taipei mayor Thomas Huang delivered a speech on Farm CityRooftop Farming at city hall on May 19 at the invitation of Mayor Ko Wen-je.Describing Taipei as a concrete city, Ko noted that the most effective way of mitigating urban heat island effect is to transform it into a sponge city through greening effort. The approach will help retain water and dissipate heat.  Ko reckoned that the Farm City program recently launched by the city government has been well-received by the public especially among elementary schools. He believes the policy will have a positive impact on youngsters as they cultivate the habit of growing vegetables and learn to share the harvet with others. Ko stressed that he takes advice from his predecessors seriously in terms of city administration. He thanked Huang for sharing his experience in the promotion of Farm City related policies.During his speech, Huang encouraged residents to grow plants and vegetables at balconies. The method serves to repel flies, increase privacy, and help beautify the city landscape.
To meet the needs of institutionalized senior citizens, Taipei City Haoran Senior Citizens Home has collaborated with Taipei City Hospital in providing integrated geriatrics clinic service as well as establishing hospice facilities inside the care center.The public service will be inaugurated on May 20.The Integrated Geriatrics Clinic will see medical staff from Yangming Branch of Taipei City Hospital dispatched to Haoran Senior Citizens Home to offer outpatient service to cater for the medical needs of the elderly and patients with multiple chronic conditions. By adopting holistic health care, this approach reduces the hassle of arranging referrals while providing personalized support. The doctors on duty will determine whether a patient needs to be hospitalized and arrange follow-up treatment.  According to Department of Social Welfare Commissioner Hsu Li-min, Integrated Geriatrics Clinic will prevent abuse of healthcare resources or futile medical care. In addition, the newly built hospice facilities inside Haoran Senior Citizens Home will provide palliative therapies to the institutionalized elders for them to live their last days with dignity. 
On May 18, Mayor Ko Wen-je and Academia Sinica President Wong Chi-huey signed a letter of intent regarding the development of Biotech Industry Cluster, in a move to establish a world-class biotech corridor in Nangang District.Ko pointed out that as part of the East Gateway project, the city government will collaborate with the academic research institute in building a biotech cluster at the site spanning Zhongxiao Military Camp and west side city-owned land, the commercial district to the east of Nangang Bus Station, and the urban renewal reciprocal land inside Qiaotaixing Flour Mill Industrial Park. The cluster will connect the biotech research facilities in Hsinchu to Taipei via a 37-minutes ride on the High Speed Rail, integrating related industries of the northern Taiwan.Believing that information and biotech are the industries where the island is at an advantage, Ko noted that Taipeis role is to implement the infrastructure needed to foster further growth of the industry. According to Wong, Taipei is in a favorable position to establish a biotech cluster, given the citys strengths in academic prowess, abundant medical resources, convenient transportation, and vigorous international exchange. He holds high expectations for the prospects of the project and pledges assistance in its implementation.  To keep up with the national biotech research park slated for October next year, Taipeis biotech cluster project will be carried out in three stages spanning business solicitation and property preparation the completion of the final phase is slated for 2019.
Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang will embark on a three-day visit to Shanghai starting May 20. Leading a delegation from Taipei City Government, the deputy mayor will visit facilities such as public rental housings, youth entrepreneurship office, Shanghai Urban Planning Exhibition Center, Qizhong Forest Sports City Arena, and Minhang Sports Park.She will also meet with representatives from the local municipal government to exchange views on issues ranging from public housing to smart cities.Taipei City and Shanghai City has enjoyed a close relationship over the past several years. The two often exchanged experiences in the fields of environmental protection, tourism, creative industries, sports, and education. The collaboration between the two municipalities is a model for city-to-city exchange for others.With the start of Mayor Ko Wen-jes administration, the two cities continue to organize exchange events on the principle of promoting exchange, boosting goodwill.
The Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) invites the public to participate in the World Wide Views 2015 on Climate and Energy taking place at city hall on June 6. The global citizen consultation will take place in the cities of Taipei, Taichung, and Tainan simultaneously. These events are in sync with other conferences held in nearly one hundred countries to allow for exchange of views on how to address climate change.  According to statistics from the UNs World Meteorological Organization, the year 2014 was the hottest year on record. As global warming continues, we can expect more extreme weather events.   Taiwan, like other islands threatened by rising sea levels such as Tuvalu, Maldives, and the Philippines, will suffer the impacts brought about by climate change.  The World Wide Views 2015 on Climate and Energy  co-initiated by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) secretariat, the Danish Board of Technology Foundation, and the French Government  will provide a platform for the island, which does not hold a seat in the UN, to make its voice heard around the world.The views expressed in the public discussions around the world will serve as a source of reference for the United Nations Conference on Climate Changethe COP 21 slated for November 30 in Paris. The objective of the conference is to produce a post-Kyoto Protocol, legally-binding universal agreement on emission reduction measures.   Residents 16-years-old or older from across the island are welcome to sign up for the event. The session in Taipei will take place at city hall on June 6. The event is limited to 100 participants. Registration ends on May 25. To learn more about the event, visit https://www.facebook.com/2015WWVinTaiwan (Chinese) Registration: https://goo.gl/NFtwqt (Chinese)
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a forum discussing Taipeis existing BOT (Build-Operate-Transfer) regulations in the morning of May 17. During his opening address, the mayor stressed that the first step to resolving a problem is to face the problem straight on. He asked the audience to look back and see how the controversial cases have led to heated discussions and mounting public concerns. Regarding the role of city government, the mayor believes that it should take the initiative and come up with ways to solve the problem. By identifying the problem through analyzing past cases, he hopes to establish possibilities for a better future. He also pointed out that during each step of the graft removal process, people should constantly ask themselves the question that if the whole thing can be redone, which processes should be carried out differently. Citing his own experience from working as a surgeon, Ko stressed that instead of feeding the patient steroid on a daily basis, the key is to identify the source of the problem and deal with it. While the debridement process can get quite appalling, it is necessary to ensure a healthier recovery later. Commenting on his recent inspection of illegal structures at Guizikeng, Ko said he was baffled by how the dismantling process could be repeated 12 times, yet after each teardown the site comes back with more illegal structures and a number of civil servants being sued or listed as defendants. He also predicts that the whole process will continue to plague city hall for the next few years.The mayor also expressed his intent to create an environment that allows civil servants to carry out their duties  something he sees as being one of the objective of the forum.  
Taipei City Animal Protection Office (APO) warns the public that those committing fatal poisoning of animals may end up with a jail term of one year.According to APO, the agency received a report on May 3 regarding three stray dogs found dead in Wenshan Districts Fude Restoration Park. The suspected cause of death was food poisoning.APO immediately dispatched animal rescuers to investigate the incident. Witnesses claimed that they saw motorcycles being chased by the street dogs. The riders may have held a grudge against the canines because of this. To clarify the cause of death, autopsies were carried out on May 5 and specimens were delivered to Wenshan First Precinct on May 11 for post-mortem examination. The investigation is ongoing. The agency urges the public to report any suspicious person or actions to the agency or police. According to Article 6 of the Animal Protection Act, one must not harass, abuse or injure any animal. Deliberate violation of Article 6 leading to injury or death of an animal will incur a fine and a one-year prison sentence.
Good news for Taipei residents! The Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) now offers photo upload for its new Q&A mechanism, allowing users to obtain timely response regarding issues of soil/slope erosion without having to leave home! The service is supported by a task force comprising 40 technicians from Taipei City Water and Soil Conservation Service Corps.Citing a recent example involving possible erosion signs on embankments next to a house on Yonggong Road in Shilin District, GEO noted that the service requestor uploaded photos of scattered rocks and visible gaps between roots and soil to the agency via the service. After analysis by experts, technicians were dispatched to the scene to conduct follow-ups.The first of its kind in the nation allowing photo upload, GEOs Q&A service can be accessed by clicking on the banner of the Water and Soil Conservation Service Corps located on the right side of GEOs Chinese website. According to GEO Director Huang Li-yuan, the services provided by the corps  now in its tenth year  were conducted primarily through paperwork, communication via phone, personal visits, and online appointments. With the advance of information technology, a total of 50 cases were received through online appointment. The agency expanded its digital services to include the photo upload function in 2015, providing users with the added convenience of timely response from experts.
On May 13, the delegation from the International University Sports Federations (FISU) concluded its three-day inspection visit to Taiwan. The purpose of the trip was to examine the islands preparations for the 2017 Universiade. FISU Summer Universiade Director Marc Vandenplas noted that most stadiums and venues planned for the international sports event meet FISU standards and that the progress on the athletes village construction is overall satisfactory.  However, the director pointed out that some issues still need to be addressed, such as certain buildings in athletes village being separated by roads and the number of beds being less than those in the original proposal. Sport Assistant Melanie Stallecker suggested that the size of the warm-up swimming pool at the University of Taipei be increased to 25x50 meters. Artificial turf should be added to the soccer stadium and the lighting should meet the requirements of FIFA. She also requested the Organizing Committee to fast-track the design and construction schedule for the broadcast equipment among other facilities.       Deputy Mayor and CEO of 2017 Universiade Chou Li-fang thanked the members of the delegation for their advice and feedback. She instructed the Organizing Committee to facilitate planning of related infrastructure as well as game schedules. The city government will also dispatch a mission to serve as observers at the 2015 Gwangju Universiade in July to learn from South Koreas experience in hosting the world university games.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a press conference for the release of a new book Budget with Participation at the Mayors Salon on May 13. During his address, Ko noted that the Department of Civil Affairs (DCA) has allocated a total of NT$500 million in its budget for 2016. This fund will be used for promoting budget with public participation. The mayor stressed that he believes in an open, transparent government with public participation. He noted that Greek democracy was a form of direct democracy. While this was not possible in later eras, advances today now make direct democracy more likely again. Citing the example of the white-shirt army protest a few years ago, the mayor pointed out that the movement began with a meeting of 25 individuals  with 15 of them being total strangers. Through online promotion, the rally attracted 250,000 participants on the day, showing the growing role of internet communities.He noted that over 1,500 cities across the world have reported success with involving the public in the budget process. The Citys upcoming plans for the NT$500 million budget under DCA will be determined with public involvement in a series of classes and interactive Civic Caf sessions over the next 6 months.Furthermore, the Citys budget for 2014 will be published online after being reviewed by the National Audit Office. In the future, Taipeis budget will be posted online before being presented to Taipei City Council. 
The Research, Development and Evaluation Commission (RDEC) of Taipei City Government announced that individuals who wish to file complaints through the 1999 Citizen Hotline will be required to leave their real name and contact number in order to have their case established. The new measure is effective immediately. According to Administrative Procedure Act (Article 169 and 173) and related regulations by Executive Yuan, government agencies should obtain the real name and contact info of the petitioner when receiving the petition verbally. The authority should repeat the words of the petitioner to complete the case establishment process. The measure aims to effectively address the scenario where callers make malicious accusations against individuals, ensuring the rights of both the person filing the service request and the ones being reported. From now on, individuals who anonymously file complaints via the 1999 Citizen Hotline will not be able to see their case dealt with the report will only be filed for future reference.In addition, RDEC noted that cases falling into the following five categories will be reassigned to the Police Department directly. Residents who encounter any of the following scenarios should call 110 instead of 1999. These include reporting illegal parking, traffic blockades, movable obstacles on roads (bonsais, broken desks, barricades, etc.), hawkers, and noise nuisances. 
To commemorate the 2015 International Nurses Day, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the ceremony honoring nursing professionals on May 12. During his address, the mayor noted that as a veteran doctor with 20 years of experience in the intensive care unit (ICU), nurses were his partner at the job. He even admitted bashfully that he spent more time communicating with the nurses at his work place than speaking to his wife. He understands the heavy work load of the nurses and puts a heavy emphasis upon the duty of these frontline medical workers.In response to a question about whether being a doctor or being a mayor is more difficult, Ko replied that those working at ICUs  especially late night shifts  rarely have holidays. Citing one of his friends who went through surgery, Ko remarked that patients who have stayed at ICUs know that many actions will require the assistance of nurses, whether taking a bath or going to the restroom. While admitting that theres not much he can do to help raise the salaries for these hard workers, the mayor pointed out that he has requested Taipei City Hospital Superintendent Huang Sheng-jean to do his best in ensuring that nurses at Taipei City Hospital  whether civil servants or not  get paid according to the work they do.
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the 2015 Xikou Cultural FestivalMatsu Craze on May 11, an event celebrating the 1056th birthday of the Chinese patron goddess.  Ko pointed out that a series of activities will take place this summer centered on Ciyou Temple, which has long played a significant role in Songshan District. The city government will work to integrate resources of Raohe Night Market, Ciyou Temple, and the area along Keelung River to drive local growth. Possible plans include implementing Raohe Street pedestrian zone, holding dragon boat race and jazz gigs, among others.The mayor set out his vision to promote the unique characteristics of each of the 12 administrative districts, which together shape the character of Taipei. The vision will be fulfilled starting with events that introduce Matsu culture of Songshan.He also took the opportunity to express his gratitude to Chairman Chen of Ciyou Temple, who has been generous in donating firefighting equipment to the city government over the years. The donations have played important roles in making Taipei safer, Ko noted.     
On May 11, Mayor Ko Wen-je met with Secretary General Michel Sudarskis from the International Urban Development Association (INTA) at city hall. During the meeting, the mayor pointed out that Taiwan should walk into the world and welcome it with open arms, allowing the international community to see Taiwan. He sees this as a major step for the internationalization of Taipei City. The mayor also expressed his gratitude to INTA for working with city hall on the upcoming training program dispatching 45 civil servants to the cities London, Paris, Amsterdam, and Rotterdam in July and August.Despite being known for his thriftiness, Ko remarked that he places a lot of emphasis on sending employees to learn from these cities in advanced nations. In addition, INTA will also assign experts to help city hall pick up the steps of urban modernization over the next 2 to 3 years. The mayor also announced that the UN HABITAT III will hold the last meeting out of 10 meetings at 10 cities around the world in Taipei in 2016. The final meeting of the series will see the release of white papers based on the results of the previous meetings, bringing the spotlight to Taipei. 
Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang met with Mayor Katsuhito Noshi of Ehime Prefectures Matsuyama City on May 8. The two leaders discussed future collaboration possibilities between the two cities in tourism, industry development, culture, education, and sports.  Chou noted that the two cities have started exchanges since 2009 and signed a friendship accord in 2014. She relayed Mayor Ko Wen-jes wish to futher bilateral ties and strengthen relationship.   Noshi reckoned that he hopes to continue building on what have been achieved between Matsuyama and Taipei over the years.   In October, the Japanese city will send four mikoshi (portable shrine) along with 400-member delegation to Taipei for the traditional shrine-crashing parade at MRT  Xinbeitou Station, Ciyou Temple, Songshan Station, and City Hall Plaza. Matsuyama will also hold a three-day-long festival highlighting industrial development. The event attracts over 300 corporations and 120,000 visitors every year.   He took the opportunity to invite Mayor Ko, Deputy Mayor Chou, and heads of city government agencies to visit the fest. He also looks forward to meeting industry players from Taipei, as well as an opportunity to introduce local specialties and snacks to the residents of the Japanese city.  Chou presented Noshi with a goat-themed EasyCard to the delight of the visiting mayor as he was born in the zodiac year of the goat. He reciprocated the deputy mayors goodwill with a Dogo Onsen yukata (summer kimono of Dogo hot spring).  
The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) reminds the public to be on their guard against illegal hard-sell activities taking place at crowded tourist spots, such as Ximending, Taipei Main Station Metro Hall, and Taipei Bus Station.  According to City Tourism Division Chief Wang, such behavior has become increasingly rampant. Reports indicate that a number of administrative centers at tourist attractions have adopted video surveillance equipment to monitor the site, broadcasting messages to visitors to report to authorities when they are being approached by illegal vendors.  Wang pointed out that these salespersons often target young students, single women, or tourists. The list of products range from pens, cosmetic bags, to tableware, peddled at prices between NT$100 to NT$300  most of them being higher than market prices.  Department of Social Welfare noted that this sort of activities may have violated the Charity Donations Destined for Social Welfare Funds Implementation Regulations if the vendor did not obtain government permit. The Police Department stated that hard-selling in public spaces violates Criminal Code of the Republic of China (Article 304), Social Order Maintenance Act (Article 68 and 79), as well as Road Traffic Management and Penalty Act (Article 82).City Tourism Division Chief Wang urges residents to keep away from strangers or illegal vendors in the streets. If individuals experience coercion or harassing behaviors from vendors, they should report to the nearest police station or call 110 immediately. 
The Farm City demonstration plots are now open for public adoption! The Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO) conducted a tutorial session on how to plant vegetables at the designated zone next to city hall on May 7. According to PSLO, city hall is the home to the first Farm City demonstration zone, located at the south-east wing of the building. The area consists of Farm Healing Area, Vegetable LOHAS Area, and Fruit Trees Paradise Area.  The tutorial was conducted at Vegetable LOHAS Area, which houses 44 small plots put in place following a renovation project focusing on soil preparation. The organizer invited a professional instructor from Wenzhou Development Association to instruct participants on growing vegetables and herbs.   According to the instructor, it is important to choose the right plant for the right plot. Factors such as sunlight, water source, and space availability should be taken into account when selecting which plant to grow. As the use of pesticide is discouraged, the instructor advises participants to adopt the method of growing two or more compatible plants in a given space. By creating a symbiotic environment, the roots of one plant will release substances capable of helping the other plant curtail pest infestation.      PSLO noted that applications for Farm City demonstration area is accepted between April 29 and May 15. Interested individuals can apply online at http://farmcity.taipei (Chinese). The results will be posted on the Farm City website on May 20. 
In light of the possible landing of Typhoon Noul on May 11, the Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) reminds residents living near mountain areas to strengthen preparation efforts, delay activities taking place in the mountains, and take heed of the typhoon-related developments and news. Residents are encouraged to access the Slope Land Disaster Prevention Information System (Chinese) maintained by the city government for the latest updates on mudslide and flashflood warnings. Director Huang of GEO pointed out that due to the overdevelopment of real estate, the capability of slope land to retain water has been reduced significantly. This results in potential mudslides during torrential rain and creating significant residue in water channels, which decreases the effectiveness of water purification and drainage facilities.In preparation for the arrival of Typhoon Noul, GEO completed the dredging of 30 settling basins across Taipei as a preventive measure. Professional engineers have also been assigned duties to patrol these locations. They will notify contractors to clean out the basins in case of potential hazards during the storm.Borough chief Chang of Daoxiang Borough in Beitou District cited Xianku Creek as an example of successful dredging operation, significantly reducing the risk of landslides in the vicinity.
The Spririt of Taipei campaign, organized by the Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT), has seen active participation and attracted 763 submissions. A total of 27 works selected by the jury panel will be open to public voting at the website, inviting citizens to have their say on what truly represents the spirit of Taipei. According to Marketing Division Chief Hong Mei-yun, individuals seeking to cast their votes can log on to the activity website (http://spirit.travel.taipei/) with his or her Facebook or email account. Each visitor can vote once each day between May 7 and 28, each time casting no more than three votes. Prizes include iPad mini 3, mobile power bank, convenience store coupons, city-themed products, and more. Hong noted that the shortlisted works offer vivid presentation of Taipeis different facets. Taipei residents, despite their seeming aloofness, can be passionate and warm when observed from different perspectives. Some of the photos capture kind deeds on the streets, while others depict the citys openness, diversity, and inclusiveness  one of the entries dealt with the subject of the Taipeis acceptance of LGBT community. To promote the campaign, TPEDOIT will exhibit the photographic works and conduct interactive games with visitors at the east-wing lobby on B1 of Songshan Station between May 26 and 28. Click on the link below to see how local comedian Kuo mimics Mayor Ko in a street interview about the event: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vPW4RDdanM&html5=1 
Capital Bus, one of the operators of Taipeis public bus system, organized a press event to showcase its greening efforts at the Nangang bus stop for route R32 to industry representatives on May 5. The bus stop on Xiangyang Road was chosen as the demonstration site by the company for bus stop greening efforts. The site went through redesigning and expanded the number of flowers and plants decorating the surroundings, hoping to create a green station that is pleasing to the eyes of visitors and a place to relax for bus drivers.The Public Transportation Office (PTO) pointed out that due to the expensive real estate price within Taipei City, finding a suitable location to establish bus depots is an extremely challenging task. Furthermore, there is a rising demand among the public for better living quality and an increase of green spaces around their living environment.The green efforts require station personnel and bus drivers to handle gardening tasks. Fortunately, these actions allow the employees to take their mind off work and relax, while contributing to improving the work environment and the neighborhood surroundings.PTO encourages the public to support greening efforts to improve existing bus depots and stations, showing support for conservation while making the city more beautiful and pleasing.  
The Taipei International Design Award 2015 is now accepting submissions. With a total of NT$3 million in cash prizes, the organizer invites individuals to participate and demonstrate their talents as a warm-up for the 2016 World Design Capital. The deadline for submissions is August 5.Department of Economic Development (DOED) Commissioner Lin Chung-chieh pointed out that the contest has seen an accumulative 13,335 submissions since its debut in 2008, with the number of participating countries reaching a record 65 in 2014. The scale of the contest indicates that it has become an iconic design contest both domestically and internationally.According to Lin, the contest aims to enhance aesthetics for locals, improve urban quality of life, polish national image, and sharpen Taiwans competitive edge. As always, no theme will be chosen for this years contest to encourage out-of-the-box thinking. The designs should innovatively contribute to a citys economic, social, cultural, and environmental development and be able to help in creating a safer, more harmonious, and convenient life. A new category for Universal Design Award has also been added to this years competition to embody the caring-for-all concept.    The categories of the contest include Industrial Design, Visual Communication Design, and Public Space Design. Winners will have a chance to put their designs into commercial production and/or be offered internships with the matchmaking of DOED.For more information about Taipei International Design Award 2015, please visit the official website at http://www.taipeidaward.taipei/en/ or dial 02-2698-2989 (Ext. 2401 or 2641).
Mayor Ko Wen-je and Pingtung County Magistrate Pan Men-an presided over the press event promoting the 2015 Pingtung Bluefin Tuna Cultural Festival at Taipei City Hall on May 4.The festival runs from May 9 through July 10.Praising the freshness of the toro served, Ko recalled that traveling to Pingtung in the past had been challenging due to inconvenient transportation. To him, the images of Kenting and the movie Cape Number 7 come to mind when mentioning the county in southern Taiwan. However, travel to Pingtung nowadays can be accomplished within 4 hours by taking the High Speed Rail and transferring to Kuo-kuang Bus, making it possible as a day trip destination for visitors from Taipei. He also invited the residents of Pingtung to visit Taipei, recommending attractions such as Beitou and Tamsui. During his address, Pan expressed his gratitude to Ko on behalf of the fishermen and citizens of Pingtung County for his support of the festival. He noted that many people from Pingtung work and study in Taipei. Despite the five-to-six-hundred-kilometer distance separating the two municipalities, convenient transportation provided by the High Speed Rail reduces the gap significantly.The magistrate noted that Bluefin tuna fishing is environmentally-friendly, as the practice is conducted in compliance with international fishing rules, which closely monitor details such as application for fishing activities, location of fishing actions, and size limits of fish captured. 
On May 4, Mayor Ko Wen-je presented a red ceramic horse to Oscar-winning director Martin Scorsese at an international press event to wish him success with the upcoming film Silence. The world-renowned director, leading actor Andrew Garfield, and producer Emma Koskoff graced the event, sharing their working experience in Taiwan with the audience.Silence is yet another major movie production shot in Taiwan after Luc Bessons Lucy, which took in US$45.8 billion at global box office. Taipei City Government played a role in assisting with the shooting, thanks to the intermediation effort by Taiwanese director Ang Lee. During his address, Ko noted that over 350 local film crew members and 3,000 extras were hired during the films production in Taipei, with expense exceeding NT$400 million. He expressed his gratitude to the American director for selecting the islands capital for the films shooting. The significance of encouraging international filmmakers to produce motion pictures in Taiwan lies not only in the prospect of boosting local cinema industry, but also the opportunity to introduce Taiwan to the world, Ko reckoned. He added that the Department of Cultural Affairs has invited the film crew of Silence to serve as instructors for the departments Filmmakers Workshop. Taking place at the end of the year, the course will provide local visual and audio industry workers with a chance to learn more about the latest filmmaking technology. Silence is slated to hit the theaters this December across 50 countries and areas around the world.  
To promote its open data policy and to encourage the public to develop added-value applications, the Department of Information Technology (DOIT)  in association with partners from the private sector  will launch the first Taipei Open Data Hackathon on May 23.The agency welcomes programmers and computer experts to take part in a 10-hour-long creation process by utilizing the city governments open data platform (http://data.taipei). Th e-contest offers a total of NT$180,000 in cash awards with a grand prize of NT$30,000. Since the implementation of the open data platform in 2011, the city government has offered the public access to over 362 data items across 18 categories, spanning areas from food to transportation to entertainment. Database access counts have exceeded 45 million. The jury panel will consist of representatives from DOIT, Committee for Citizen Participation, open source communities, and the academia. The deadline for entry is 11:50 PM on May 12. To sign up for the contest, please visit the registration website (http://doittpe.kktix.cc/events/doit-hackathon)(Chinese). For more information on the contest, please call TEL: 02-2720-8889, ext. 8582 (Mr. Lee) or visit the contest website (http://hackathon.data.taipei/). 
On May 3, Mayor Ko Wen-je completed the Taipei 101 stair climbing competition by conquering a total of 91 stories on foot. He seeks to market the landmark building, as well as driving up momentum for the upcoming 2017 Universiade.Speaking from a doctors perspective, Ko urged the public to take 30-minute exercise three times a week, with an intensity enough to cause sweating. He noted that only 5 percent of Taipeis population are able to meet this standard, indicating a need for local residents to strengthen exercising habits.Ko finished the race in 45 minutes and 54 seconds. He attributed the not-so-satisfactory score to his poor physical conditions he even had to pay a visit to the doctor right before the event.Being the first Taipei Mayor to complete the climbing race, Ko remarked that he hopes his participation in the iconic event will serve to boost public interest in a variety of sports events, which also acts as a warm up for the 2017 World University Games. Ko admitted that he wouldnt have accomplished the mission without the assistance of his friend Tai Yun-lin, who happens to be one of the Olympic-level track and field coaching staff. He spent two weeks going through a special training program, seizing every opportunity to take the staircase at city hall. This training helped to build up his stamina over the past three weeks.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the celebrations for the annual Neihu Matsu Arts and Firework Festival on May 2. During his address, the mayor noted that the audience are more anxious about the fireworks so he was going to keep his remarks short. He hopes that the goddess Matsu will bless Taipeis city administration with peace and its people with happiness and joy.  Recalling his experience from the Matsu pilgrimage of Dajia Matsu last year, he noted that he is very impressed by the hospitality shown by Taiwanese people during the 8-day-long event. Free food was provided to the pilgrims by locals, and some even supported the pilgrimage by providing shower trucks. He encouraged people who had never taken part in the pilgrimage to give it a try. Other dignitaries attending the event include former premier Frank Hsieh, Legislator Yao Wen-chih, and City Councilor Wang Hsiao-wei.When asked by the media about whether he would raise the issue during the next transportation briefings at city hall about the goddesss sedan being delayed on its way back to the temple, the mayor replied that this specific situation is difficult to address because there are many people who wish to pay their respect to Matsu along the way.
Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang announced that the Formosan black bear will become the mascot of 2017 Universiade on April 30. Chou noted that Formosan black bear emerged as the winner of a competition to design the slogan, logo, and mascot for the international sports event. To encourage public participation, an i-Voting campaign was held to decide the winner from ten finalists selected by the judging panel. Chou added that the i-Voting event, the first ever held by the city government, adopted strict verification procedures for participation. She expressed her gratitude for the 42,295 voters who showed their support for the city-held campaign. According to Chou, the Formosan black bear is one of the most iconic indigenous animals of Taiwan. Its V-shaped whitish mark on the chest also symbolizes Victory. She hopes that the bear being the mascot for the 2017 Universiade will help raise awareness on the importance of protecting the endangered wild animal, whose number has dwindled to 200 to 600.The winner of the first place project will receive a prize of NT$400,000, while those of the second to fifth place projects will bring home NT$80,000 each. All of the winning works will become a source of inspiration for graphic design of the 2017 world university games.To learn more about the works, please visit the Chinese official website of 2017 Universiade at http://www.taipei2017.com.tw
When it comes to bats, what is your first impression? The mysterious vampire of the western folklore, or the Batman who represents justice incarnate?Neishuangxi Nature Center announced that it will hold a special class on the bats of Taiwan from 2 PM to 7:30 PM on Saturday, June 6. Participants will have the rare opportunity to observe at a close distance the only mammal that can fly.Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) Director Huang Li-yuan pointed out that the island boasts over 30 species of bat. The number of bats per unit area is 4.6 times that of Thailand, 9 times that of Japan, 86 times that of Australia, and 174 times that of the US.According to GEO, the class is designed to rectify peoples misunderstanding towards bats. He noted that the majority of bats feed on insects, fruit, and nectar, performing vital roles of pollinating flowers, dispersing fruit seeds, and consuming pest insects.The class will educate the public on the importance of bats in the ecology of Taiwan through interactive sessions. Participants will also be invited to try their hands at building a bat house.  The class will open for online registration starting 12:30 noon on May 4. To learn more about class information, please visit the Neishuangxi Nature Center blog at http://neishuangxi.blogspot.tw/ (Chinese), dial 0975-457132 or write to nsx.service@eeft.org.tw
The all-time-favorite mascot Hello Kitty is bidding farewell to Maokong Gondola! Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) announced that the Japanese character will conclude her role as the pitchperson for Maokong Gondola on May 4. Hello Kitty fans who wish to say goodbye to the popular cartoon figure should seize the last chance to see her at Maokong Gondola on Sunday, May 3.According to TRTC, Hello Kitty has been well-received by the public since her debut at Maokong Gondola at the end of 2013. A remarkable 4 million visits have been made to the cable car during her stint as the facilitys mascot.Her cute look graces station interiors, gondola cars, and even board cutouts at the toilets. The Hello Kitty special-edition Maokong Gondola products have been flying off the shelves since debut as well.To say farewell to Hello Kitty, TRTC is holding a thank-you preferential offer for Kitty enthusiasts. A range of the kitten-themed products will be on sale, including NT$10 laser stickers and NT$120 mugs (down from the original price of NT$250). The agency welcomes those interested to add new items to their collection by visiting the ticket booth of Maokong Gondola Taipei Zoo Station, Maokong Gondola souvenir shop, or Metro Souvenir Shop (https://business.metro.taipei/Home/index.aspx)(Chinese website).TRTC reminds the public that Maokong Gondola will suspend service between May 4 and 19* for annual maintenance.For more information, please dial TRTC 24-hour customer hotline at (02)218-12345 or visit the TRTC Chinese website at http://www.metro.taipei/  *update: Maokong Gondola maintenance has been extended to May 22. Service will resume on May 23.
Taipei City Public Transportation Office (PTO) will be accepting applications for this years foreign language courses for bus and taxi drivers starting in May!To strengthen the language abilities of local public bus drivers and taxi drivers, the Public Transportation Office (PTO) has held language classes for interested drivers for many years. The service has received positive feedback from participants.This years language classes will offer training in English and Japanese. English classes will take place in May and July and Japanese classes will start in June and August. Each class will admit up to 45 bus drivers and 30 taxi drivers. The respective public bus companies will nominate drivers or customer service personnel for the language courses. Taxi drivers who are interested in attending are welcome to apply in person at PTO.To apply, taxi drivers should bring the original copy of their taxi license (note: the license should be registered for the Greater Taipei area, which includes Taipei City, New Taipei City, Keelung City, Taoyuan City, and Yilan County) and two 2-inch photos to PTO during business hours Monday through Friday. Applications for the English class in May will be accepted from May 1 through 8. Applications for the Japanese class in June will be accepted between June 1 and 12.
On April 27, Mayor Ko Wen-je met with representatives of Seoul Housing Corporation (SHC) at City Hall to exchange opinions on public housing policies.On behalf of SHC, the dignitaries signed a memorandum of understanding with the Department of Urban Development. The delegation also shared some of South Koreas administrative experiences on public housing, living welfare, urban renewal, as well as smart communities.According to Ko, South Korea, being one of the most advanced countries in the world, has many things in common with Taiwan, such as social models and culture. The city-sponsored SHC has constructed 260,000 public housing units, among which 160,000 are for lease only. The agencys lessons can serve as valuable references for Taipei. On the part of Taipei City Government, plans are being implemented to boost public housing by 50,000 units in eight years to account for 5-percent of the total residential units of Taipei. Learning from Seouls experience, the capital of Taiwan also seeks to establish the Taipei City Public Housing Management Corporation to deal with issues in this area. In the future, SHC and its counterpart in Taipei will work together to enhance the expertise and knowledge of personnel in public housing construction and management through training programs, workshops, and seminars. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over a series of disaster relief exercises and operations during the Minan 1 Drill in the afternoon of April 28. He praised the preparation efforts of participants for the successful drillA total of 1,300 personnel, 160 vehicles, and 2 helicopters were mobilized by the city government for the exercise. The military also activated 164 personnel and 80 armory units. Part of the drill involving rescue efforts and emergency placement of disaster victims was carried out at the Daan District Sports Center. Ko remarked that it was clear whether the involved personnel prepared for the exercise judging from how smooth each step was conducted. He failed to notice any visible problems with the exercise and instructed Fire Department Commissioner Wu Chun-hong to recognize city staff members who contributed to the success of the drills.Citing the recent earthquake in Nepal, the mayor stressed that preparedness against natural disasters is mandatory, especially for locals since Taiwan is located on a seismic zone. He prefers sweating from conducting drills rather than bleeding from suffering damages during a disaster.
Mayor Ko Wen-je met with members of the OPTOGO project on April 27.OPTOGOOne Pavilion To Go Taiwan Pavilionis a movement mounted by a group of local youths with an average age of 30 hailing from various professional backgrounds. The project seeks to promote the island to the world at the 2015 Milan World Expo, which turned down Taiwans participation as a nation.To show his support for the project, Ko announced that he will donate NT$400,000 from his election campaign fund after learning about the plans from the advocates. The mayor stressed that Taiwan should not be absent from the international event. With the private sector taking the lead, he believes that the government should play its role to help move the project forward. In addition to the donation, Ko also promised to provide his own Facebook account as a promotion platform for OPTOGO. Hsieh Tsung-yen, one of the project members, pointed out that OPTOGO is the first ever civil movement seeking to promote a nation at the international fair through crowd funding. The project will adopt three approaches to highlight Taiwans characteristics based on the theme of the 2015 Milan Expo-- Feeding the Planet, Energy for Life: peddling Taiwanese snacks via vending trucks across Milan to demonstrate the idea of a mobile Taiwan Pavilion leasing spaces in Milan to set up temporary exhibition areas displaying Taiwanese delicacies and inviting local chefs to cook Taiwanese dishes at apartments where expo-goers can get a taste of Taiwanese cuisine. The project will kick off in Milan starting July and draw to a close at the end of October, to sync with the conclusion of 2015 Milan Expo.  
Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang met with San Gabriel Mayor Jason Pu at city hall on April 28. The two discussed topics ranging from startup investments to student exchanges.Chou remarked that there are strong ties between San Gabriel and Taiwan, since it is home to a large number of immigrants from the island. Hosting various events and activities for overseas Chinese communities, San Gabriel is also an important investment destination for Taiwanese businessmen and merchants.She believes that Pus visit will strengthen the friendship between the two cities and boost bilateral exchanges in the area of city administration. Both city share the interest in information technology, biotech, and innovations. The deputy mayor encourages San Gabriel to invest in technology parks in Taipei, citing the Neihu Technology Park, Nangang Software Park, and Shilin Technology Corridor.Pu praised Taipei for being a convenient city. He expressed a strong interest in the electric scooters he saw on this trip. The mayor noted that San Gabriel is working on 12 development projects, seeking to enhance the living quality of its citizens. He looks forward for further exchanges between the two cities in the future. The deputy mayor also invited Pu and the citizens of San Gabriel to attend upcoming international events hosted by Taipei City, including the 2016 World Design Capital, the Velo-City Global 2016, and 2017 Taipei Universiade.
At the invitation of Taiwan Breast Cancer Foundation Chairman Chang King-jen, Mayor Ko Wen-je and his wife attended an event aimed at raising awareness on the importance of breast cancer screening on April 25. According to Ko, breast cancer has the highest incidence rate among Taiwanese women. The disease also accounts for the third highest morality rate for women. The five-year survival rate for a patient can be as high as 97% if diagnosed during stage zero, but will drop significantly to 25% if not treated until stage 4.Ko pointed out that the government subsidizes biannual breast cancer screening for women aged 45 or more. However, the policy has been ill-received by its target audience, as most women are reluctant to go through the examination. The mayor promised more effort on the part of city government to provide one-stop services integrating breast cancer screening and cervical smear test. When women take the pap test, they will also be offered the opportunity to receive a breast sonography and physical examination for a more thorough check to raise the chance of early detection. Kos wife Peggy Chen, also a doctor, pointed out that a growing number of relatively young women have been diagnosed with breast cancer. Citing her own experience with the disease, she encourages female residents 45 years or older to sign up for a mammography every two years. 
At the invitation of Taipei City Government, the disaster operation units from Tokyo Fire Department will be attending the upcoming disaster prevention exercise during Min-an 1 Drill on April 28. Mayor Ko Wen-je will preside over the drill which kicks off at the Emergency Operations Center at 10 AM. The participants will continue the exercises during the Wan-an 38 Air Raid Drill taking place between 1:30 PM and 2 PM in the afternoon. The remaining parts of the disaster prevention exercise will take place at the Liuzhangli army base in Xinyi District at 2:30 PM.City agencies related to disaster prevention and rescue operations will also take part in this exercise, as well as Xinyi District Office and Daan District Office. Other participants include the Ministry of the Interiors National Airborne Service Corps, the National Fire Agency, Ministry of Defense Third Command District, as well as volunteers and rescue teams from the private sector.The Disaster Medical Assistance Team (DMAT) will also be taking part in the drills for the first time.The upcoming drill will be based on a scenario where Taipei has been hit by a 7.5-magnitude earthquake. The districts of Daan, Xinyi, and Wenshan were reported to have been hit by intensity scale 6.0 shockwaves, resulting in building collapse and casualties. The scenario will also incorporate drills dealing with quake-induced gas explosions.In light of the recent dry spell, the drill will use sprinkles, smaller fire hose, and recycled water to help conserve water resources. 
The URS27W City Image Lab will be holding a special exhibition between May 2 and June 21. The Recitation  Jiangshanlou exhibition will showcase images of Dadaocheng from the mid-twentieth century. The neighborhood used to be the home to a number of well-known institutions and companies in the past, such as I-mei Foods Co. headquarters, KHS Musical Co., Daqian Department Store, and All Beauty Restaurant, as well as Chiang Wei-shuis Daan Hospital and Culture Bookstore.The event organizers welcome members of the public to attend the opening tea party starting at 11 AM on May 2.The exhibition is co-organized by I-mei Multimedia e-Content Production and Marketing Co. and Chiang Wei-shuis Cultural Foundation.Recitation  Jiangshanlou ExhibitionDate: May 2  June 21, 2015Hours: 10 AM  6 PM (Tuesday through Sunday)Venue: URS27W City Image Lab (Address: No. 27, Sec. 2, Yanping N. Road, Datong District)Website (Chinese): http://urs27w.i-me-i.com/activity.html  URS website (Chinese): http://www.urstaipei.net/ 
Regarding public concern over cracks on the side of Exit 5 stairway entrance at MRT Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC) pointed out that it has arranged for repairs to be carried out starting late night on April 23. The repairs will take approximately 10 days.TRTC noted that workers assigned the repair task will wear the agencys maintenance vests for identity purposes when conducting repair. According to TRTC, preliminary inspections by the Department of Rapid Transits Systems indicate that the fractures are possibly the results of the atmospheric environment or the recent earthquake. The damages do not have any impact on operations.As for the structural integrity of MRT Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station and the underground train tunnels, TRTC remarked that initial reading of surveillance data indicated no abnormalities. 
"In light of the approach of tax season, the Department of Civil Affairs (DCA) noted a significant rise in the number of Citizen Digital Certificate (CDC) applications. To facilitate the application process for acquiring the digital ID, the agency offers extended hours and additional service locations throughout the month of May.According to the statistics from the Ministry of the Interior, Taipei City has issued a cumulative 864,028 CDCs as of April 16, 2015. This accounts for nearly one-fifth of the total number of CDCs issued across the nation as of the aforementioned date (4,520,108). According to DCA Commissioner Lan Shih-tsung, the CDC offers convenient access to 28 major government service systems providing services in 2,117 categories. Examples include tax filing, uniform invoice comprehensive services, household registration, registration information for national exams, CyberCitizen services, and more. Those applying for a CDC need to be at least 18 years old. To apply, the applicant should bring his or her National Identification Card, a functional email address, and NT$250 fee payment to any of the household registration offices in Taipei.Between May 1 and June 1, the hours of Taipeis household registration offices will be extended from 8:30 AM through 8 PM (no lunch breaks), Monday through Friday. The three temporary service locations for CDC application will be as follows:Location 1: Xinyi District Household Registration Office City Hall Service DeskAddress: 1F, No. 1, City Hall Road, Xinyi District	TEL: 27574589Hours: Mon-Fri, 8:30 AM  4 PM. Closed on public holidaysLocation 2: Daan District Household Registration Office East Metro Mall Service DeskAddress: Booth No. 2, East Metro Mall, No. 77, Daan Road Section 1	TEL: 66387856Hours: Mon-Fri, 10 AM  6 PM. Closed on public holidaysLocation 3: Shilin District Household Registration Office National Taxation Bureau Shilin Branch Service DeskAddress: No. 43, Meilun Street, Shilin District	TEL: 28315171, ext. 262Hours: 9 AM  Noon, 1:30 PM  4:30 PM, Mon  Fri. Closed on public holidays"
With YouBike quickly becoming a popular option for transportation, the Department of Transportation (DOT) announced the establishment of an online platform allowing residents to submit their suggestions on possible locations for future YouBike stations.According to DOT, the City will expand the number of rental stations by 60 this year. The locations will be based on a public survey. To provide users with a more accessible public bike hire service, new stations will be set up at locations reachable within a 5-minute walk (a 350-meter perimeter area).    DOT invites the public to submit their opinions on preferred locations at the following Chinese website (http://ppt.cc/by4M), which provides a map on the current rental stations for reference. Users are advised to follow the instructions on the website to complete the recommendation process and leave a reason as to why they recommend the specific location.These opinions will be taken into account as DOT conducts a thorough analysis at the end of May. The agency will also consider factors such as transportation needs, land use, and construction matters to determine the locations for future YouBike stations. 
During a press event on April 21, Mayor Ko Wen-je voiced his support for 10 animal-friendly policies introduced by the City.The measures include strengthening source management at the level of pet shops, implementing stricter punishment for pet abandonment, enforcing pet sterilization, establishing dog/cat training schools, increasing animal-friendly facilities and spaces, recruiting voluntary animal control officers, catching stray animals humanely, implementing location-specific cleansing and feeding system for stray dogs, conducting TNVR (Trap, Neuter, Vaccinate, Return) programs for street dogs, and encouraging the set-up of private animal shelters. Quoting Mahatma Gandhi, Ko remarked that he agrees with the Indian leader that the greatness of a nation can be judged by the way its animals are treated. The Citys initiative to further protect animals marks a step forward in the building of a truly civilized society. For the mayor, the new policies are also fulfilling his election promises. Ko pledges that the majority of the new animal-friendly policies will be implemented by the end of this year, with the exception of the installation of animal-friendly facilities in local parks and the establishment of a dog park, which will not be open to the public until May of 2016. He hopes that the execution of the aforementioned policies will propel Taipei in the direction of becoming an animal-friendly metropolis.For a detailed listing of the 10 animal-friendly policies, please click on the link: http://www-ws.gov.taipei/001/Upload/public/Attachment/54211622186.pdf (Chinese) 
The Wan-an 38 air raid drill will take place between 1:30 PM and 2 PM in Taipei on Tuesday, April 28.During the period of the air raid drill, both the MRT network and Maokong Gondola will continue operations. However, passengers will not be allowed to enter or leave the respective stations during the drill. Those on trains will be led to lobby or platform area to simulate evacuation upon arrival at destination stops.All shops on the ground floor or elevated platform of MRT stations will also be closed during the drill, but stores at underground stations or underground malls will remain open. Parking lots for park-and-ride passengers at MRT stations will also adopt an entry-only policy during this period.According to Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation (TRTC), the shutters and windows at Taipei Arena will be shut and all lights will be closed during the drill.  All outdoor facilities at Taipei Childrens Amusement Park will be temporarily suspended during the drill. TRTC reminds the public that those violating drill regulations will be susceptible to fines between NT$30,000 and NT$150,000, according to Article 25 of the Civil Defense Act. 
The annual Xikou Cultural Festival is here again!Songshan District Office has invited volunteers from the Hibiscus Association to arrange three guide tours in Songshan District, each highlighting different themeshistory of Ciyou Temple, Green Trails of Xikou, and Childrens Fun. A total of six sessions are available on Saturday, May 16. Online registration runs between April 20 and May 10. Each session is limited to 20 participants.According to Songshan District Office Director Shieh Chiou-huo, the 2015 Xikou Cultural Festival will take a different approach. The guides will lead participants on a quest across the Songshan District, exploring the neighborhood from the perspectives of historical heritage and natural landscapes. The District Office recommends individuals who have completed the knowledge-rich tours to visit the well-known Raohe Tourist Night Market adjacent to Ciyou Temple and satisfy their palate before the event reaches the climax with a night concert. Taking place at the plaza in front of Ciyou Temple, the concert will open with the release of LED sky lanterns by dignitaries, wishing for the success of the event. Tour Registration Website: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1hE0OSro86oMNzLIPzHEKxveh610RWEZiTutdTHhzxPI/viewform (Chinese) 
In light of the M 6.3 earthquake at 9:42 AM on April 20, the Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) of Taipei City Government Public Works Department immediately commissioned professional engineers to conduct an inspection check on Baishihu Suspension Bridge on the same day. Located in Neihu district, the Baishihu Suspension Bridge is a relatively well-known tourist attraction in the area and a landmark in the district. To ensure the safety of the bridge, GEO conducts regular inspections twice every month on the bridge infrastructure and surrounding slopes. All inspections are conducted by professional engineers with specialized instruments and all inspection records are kept on file to ensure follow-ups and facilitate future maintenance.In addition, flexible inspection measures are also in place before and after typhoons and heavy downpours. This helps to boost public confidence regarding the integrity of the suspension bridge.According to GEO Section Chief Chen, in addition to examining bridge structures such as the main cables and support beams, the agency has installed slope observation devices at the two ends of the 116-meter-long suspension bridge, including six dip circles, two observation wells, and inclined tubes to check for hazards such as possible erosion or landslides in surrounding areas.
Standing before a gathering of volunteers at Songshan Cihui Temple, Mayor Ko Wen-je kicked off the 2015 Mountain Cleanup and Hike for Ten-thousand Participants on April 19.During his address, the mayor lauded the event for offering many incentives for participants. By taking part in the event to help clean up the environment, the participants contribute to environmental protection efforts while making themselves more fit through hiking. In addition, they can also bring home prizes by donating their uniform invoice while enjoying a free meal provided by the organizer. He believes that the cleanup event will not only help keep Tiger Mountain clean, but also purify the souls of people.Responding to media questions after conducting warm-ups, the mayor admitted that he is not very good at motor coordination so he needs more practice. As for hiking, he remarked that he has no special habit  he simply keeps moving his two legs. When asked about how confident he is about the upcoming Taipei 101 stair-climbing race, Ko stressed that he will not run, since walking slowly will still assure that he reaches the goal.
On April 17, the Department of Information Technology (DOIT) organized a symposium discussing the topic Smart Payment in Taipei. A conclusion was reached in the meeting between the city government and industry players to jointly construct a platform allowing users to pay their bills via mobile devices.Businesses and organizations attending the seminar include Chinese Non-store Retailer Association, Chunghwa Telecom, allPay Third-Party Payment Co., PayNow Taiwan Inc., Gangu Tech, Smart Catch, Yankey Inc., Jollywiz Digital Technology Co., Neweb Technologies Co., Taiwan Mobile, Pi Mobile Technology, Pay2go Technology Corporation, and Taiwan Rakuten Ichiba Inc.As one of the most innovative cities in the Asia Pacific region, Taipei is a leading force in promoting intelligent cities. To herald a new era for this cause, the city government will tap into the resources of the private sector to provide citizens with a more convenient way of life. Integrating mobile payment with commercial district activities is an integral part of realizing the smart city vision. DOIT Commissioner Lee Wei-bin pointed out that the city will draft up a protocol governing payment services. Following the implementation of the Payment Processing Institutions Act later this year, fee payment for Department of Land, Department of Education, and Parking Management and Development Office will be incorporated into the new electronic system.   Hoping to spur the growth of the industry, the capital city invites other municipalities to join the rank of electronic payment services.
 Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong announced the results of a safety inspection report for Taipei Dome during a city press conference on April 16. The committee reported five major safety issues, including:1. Excessive building space increases the risk of disasters2. Integrated dome/mall structure creates safety risks3. Connection of underground parking structures of the different buildings increases the risk of the spread of disasters4. Outdoor space is insufficient to accommodate evacuated crowd5. Firefighting and disaster relief operations cannot be conducted.The report concluded with two possible alternatives. One of the options involves the dismantling of the dome, while the second option involves keeping the dome.The members of the safety inspection committee included Yoshida Yoshiyuki, Japanese First-Class registered architect and member of the development team for Japans national research project on fire safety design of buildings Hamada Nobuyoshi, Japanese First-Class registered architect who served 11 years on the Building Disaster Planning Evaluation Committee, also a team member of Japans national research project for the development of fire safety design of buildings Urban Development Commissioner Lin Jou-min Fire Department Commissioner Wu Chun-hong Public Works Deputy Commissioner Huang Chih-feng and former Director of the National Science and Technology Center for Disaster Reduction Chen Liang-chun, among other experts.According to Lin, the safety inspection committee held a total of 13 meetings, as well as 3 visits by the Japanese committee members, 2 visits by local personnel to Japan, and 1 on-site inspection.Link to the computer simulation of Taipei Dome evacuation scenario: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B-pHs0qafwIEZzBLTUdPN2hCMXM/view?usp=sharingAttachments:  1. Taipei Dome Safety Inspection Report Presentation (Chinese) 2. Taipei Dome Safety Inspection Committee Conclusion Report (Chinese) 3. Introduction of Sim Tread Evacuation Simulation Program (Chinese) 4. Evacuation Simulation of Taipei Dome/Taipei Culture and Sports Park (Chinese) 5. Evacuation Simulation of Taipei Dome/Taipei Culture and Sports Park (Japanese) 6. Taipei City Fire Department Taipei Culture and Sports Park (Taipei Dome) Fire Disaster Relief Plan  Draft 1 (Chinese) 
Neihu District [Even number side of Alley 27, Lane 22, Wende Road even number side of Alley 14, Lane 66, Wende Road even number side of Alley 16, Lane 71, Jiangnan Street and even number side of Alley 65, Lane 71, Jiangnan Street] (Ruiguang Road Lane 66, Wende Road)
On April 15, a delegation from Australian Office Taipei visited Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang at city hall to explore collaboration opportunities between Taipei and Australia for the 2016 World Design Capital and the 2017 Universiade.  The dignitaries include Australian Office Taipei Representative Catherine Raper, as well as Deputy Representatives Richard Neumann and Martin Walsh.Lauding Australias accomplishments in holding international events, Chou hopes that the two upcoming events hosted by Taipei will act as a springboard for the island to shine on the global stage and provide platforms where design and sports talents can showcase their best to audience worldwide.    Chou remarked that the World University Games hosted by Taipei City in 2017 will see the participation of over 10,000 athletes from more than 150 countries, with an estimated audience of 40,000 or more. She invites Australia to play an active role and inject cultural diversity into the events. Raper noted that Australia has plenty of experience in hosting international events, citing the 2000 Sydney Olympics and the 2014 Vivid Sydney (an art showcase). She would like to share the lessons learned from organizing and hosting the events with Taipei on behalf her country. According to Raper, Australian enterprises have accumulated considerable experience in food and beverage service as well as games management system during the 2008 Beijing Olympics. She reckoned that they will be able to offer the city government helpful advice in related areas. 
The Taipei Railway Exhibition at the Discovery Center of Taipei opened to the public on April 10. Organized by Taipei City Government Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT), the exhibition showcases the various railway attendant uniforms across different eras. The agency also decorated the exhibition space to simulate the interior of train cabinets from the 90s. TPEDOIT noted that the exhibition boasts several sections spotlighting the history of Taipeis railway development. The artifacts on display  photos of local railway stations before the rails were moved underground various train models and illustrations train seats and nostalgic Taiwan Railways bento box  are all precious relics from different eras of Taipeis railway development.Commissioner of Information and Tourism Chien Yu-yen expressed her gratitude to Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) and Taipei City Archives for co-organizing the exhibition. She also thanked railroad collectors who provided arrays of artifacts for exhibition and TRA Cultural Volunteer.During the opening press conference today, TPEDOIT invited retired railway attendants wearing uniforms from the 90s and TRA senior railway attendant Hou Shou-xing to perform a long forgotten tea-serving technique: opening the cup lid with one hand while holding tea pot and pouring hot water on the other hand. The exhibit surely brought back visitors memories of train rides in the past.The Taipei Railway Exhibition will run until August 2. For more information about the exhibition, please visit the Chinese website of the Discovery Center of Taipei (http://discovery.gov.taipei/) or call the 1999 Citizen Hotline (ext. 8630). For non-Taipei caller, please dial 02-27208889.
Mayor Ko Wen-je delivered his first City Administration Report at Taipei City Council on April 14. Under the guidelines of One Hundred Days Reform, Four Years Leap, and Taipei in Fifty Years, he noted that his administration will continue to work towards the objectives of Social Justice, City of Culture, Health and Safety, Caring and Sharing, Community Empowerment, and Transparency.   Ko stressed that the most important agenda during his first 100 days in office has been to restore trust in the government. Achievements include dismantling of unused bus lanes on Zhongxiao West Road negotiating with Ministry of Education on exam-free school admissions establishing Clean Government Committee and starting investigations into five projects planning public housing setting up joint procurement center implementing structural improvements for 226 home additions, and taking initiatives to boost entrepreneurship among others.   According to the mayor, the next phase is to transform Taipei into a metropolis that is intelligent, attractive, and liveable in four years time. The integration of mass transportation tools will be a priority. With the MRT network completed, public bus routes will be overhauled to further boost public transportation usage percentage to 70%. Other missions include incorporating city services establishing road, conduit management center, and smart city committee allowing greater access to government data introducing smart and eco products to public facilities and improving the i-voting system.  To add to Taipeis appeal, the mayor emphasized that it is imperative to ensure the success of both 2016 World Design Capital and 2017 Universiade. Other policies include revitalizing Taipei Railway Workshop and Taipei Beer Factory recreating the skyline of Taipei improving the four major river systems inaugurating the Digital Art Center and Taipei Pop Music Center and building the second fine arts museum.      Making Taipei a pleasant city for living, Ko noted that specific policies need to be formulated to address the four aspects closely related to peoples daily lifefood, medical service, dwelling, and transportation. Examples include the provision for school lunch safety and facilitated execution of urban renewal projects.  
Taipeis Community Agriculture Promotion Center opened its doors to the public on April 11. In addition to the establishment of the Agricultural Techniques Education Center and the launch of related services, the facility marks yet another effort on the part of the city government to construct a Garden City. Its conception is a joint collaboration among Department of Economic Development, Taipei Expo Foundation, Taiwan New Village Association, and Farming Urbanism Network Taiwan.  It will serve as a platform to advise likely-minded residents on creating their own community crop-growing gardens through experience-sharing and exchange.The core value of community vegetable gardens is to establish gardening plots in public spaces where residents are allowed to grow and gather agricultural crops together. Living up to the spirit of sharing, the inauguration ceremony featured members of the center who harvested vegetables from the facility and donated the crops to nearby Dalong Senior Care Center.   The business hours of the Community Agriculture Promotion Center will be from 10 AM to noon and 2 PM to 5 PM, Tuesday through Sunday. The indoor space will exhibit examples of Taipeis community agricultural gardens. Consultation service is available every Saturday and Monday, from 10 AM to noon and 2 PM to 4 PM.The institution will also hold talks, lectures, or workshops from time to time. Those interested are welcome to visit the Chinese online forum www.urbanfarming.tw to engage in Q&A sessions. 
The approach of spring has brought blooming flowers to the fields at Guandu Nature Park. In addition to the usual pink colors, this year the park is also decorated with streaks of violet  thanks to the presence of Chinese Spiranthes.Often located in fields below 1,000 meters in elevation, Chinese Spiranthes comes into full bloom around the period of Tomb-sweeping Festival. Also called Qingming flower, they are delicate and resemble a chain of miniscule flowers looping around the stem. In addition to Chinese Spiranthes the park is also the home to plants such as Asian Mazus and white cedar. These residents of Guandu will also greet visitors in purple-color outfit during this period.  According to the Animal Protection Office (APO), these attractions show only part of the diversity of the wetlands in Guandu Nature Park. It also bears witness to the success of long-term conservation efforts carried out by both the agency and the Wild Bird Society of Taipei. APO encourages the public to take time to visit the park and enjoy the purple-shaded landscape with friends and families.
Deputy Mayor Lin Chin-rong hosted a press conference on April 11 to announce Taipeis position regarding the accident that occurred at the construction site of Taichung MRTs Green Line on April 10. On behalf of Taipei City Government, Lin apologized to the public for the accident, as the project is commissioned to Department of Rapid Transit Systems (DORTS) by Taichung City Government. He announced that the construction of the Green Line will be suspended immediately and Taipei City Government will cooperate with the prosecutors in the investigation.In addition to ordering DORTS to publish online the examination report on the incident by noon April 11, Lin also instructed DORTS Deputy Commissioner Chang Tse-hsiung to report to Taichung Mayor Lin Chia-lung in details at 2 PM on the same day. According to Lin, the construction of Taichung MRT Green Line (No.CJ920A) is slated for completion by the end of 2017, as stated in the contract signed between DORTS and Far Eastern Construction Company. With overall constructions ahead of schedule by approximately 3%, he stressed that attributing the incident to rushed work is groundless. DORTS Deputy Commissioner Chang Tse-hsiung reported that preliminary investigation pointed to human error as the primary cause of the accident, which resulted in the steel girders tilting and crashing. The exact cause, however, has yet to be identified.   In light of this tragedy, Taipei City Government will work with consultants of Taichung City Government and the responsible contractor to conduct a comprehensive review of construction plans, safety and hygiene plans, and traffic control plans relevant to the project as a reference for drafting up requirements before resuming construction works. 
Which animal would you choose for Taipeis mascot? Black bear, blue magpie, tree frog, or sika deer? Come cast your vote to help us decide!To encourage the public to take part in Taipeis i-Voting campaign for selecting the mascot for the 2017 Universiade, Taipei City Government will be offering a variety of prizes to voters!The voting is now in its final phases, spotlighting a heated competition among 10 submissions which made it into the finals. Participants with facebook account and mobile phone are eligible for the raffle.Prizes include convenient store vouchers, movie tickets, commemorative stamps, shoulder bags, key chain and notebook sets, and Taipei 101-shaped speakers. A total of 400 prizes will be given away.For more information, please visit the official Chinese website of the 2017 Universiade (http://www.taipei2017.com.tw) or the website of the vote (http://www.gov.taipei/mp.asp?mp=2017LDC). 
On April 9, Mayor Ko Wen-je instructed 40 affiliates of Department of Social Welfare (DOSW) to participate in Give543 (http://give543.com/).  The online platform is dedicated to the exchange of used goods.DOSW will assist the website operator in delivering goods donated by government agencies or individuals to disadvantaged groups. The Department of Environmental Protection will also integrate its recycling service with the website  a move to demonstrate the governments support for the innovative approach combining the principles of passion, welfare, and eco-friendliness.   According to Ko, Give543 is yet another example embodying his belief that social welfare business cannot be undertaken solely by the government rather, successful execution requires the involvement of the private sector.The website, Ko noted, provides a matchmaking platform through which people wishing to dispose of unwanted articles will be able to connect with those in need of such ware. The staff of Give543 will then contact logistic service providers to help deliver the goods to the recipients.Ko added that DOSW plans to establish a time bank, food bank, and goods bank respectively. He encourages the public to donate time (by participating in volunteer work), food (those with long storage life, such as milk powder), or used goods (such as office tables which are no longer needed) to the aforementioned banks.  He also promised financial backup from the city government for Give543, hoping that social welfare businesses will be more effectively carried out by private enterprises with limited monetary support from the government. 
Taipei City Deputy Mayor Chou Li-fang led a delegation from city hall to attend the 2015 World Congress of the International Council for Local Environmental Initiatives (ICLEI) taking place in Seoul from April 8 through 12. In addition to inviting Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon to visit Taipei, Chou also signed the Seoul Declaration for Sustainable Cities, along with 150 city representatives hailing from 87 nations.Chou pointed out that she is attending the event on behalf of Mayor Ko Wen-je. She noted that Taipei City recognizes the importance of placing priority on strengthening cooperation with international cities. It will hasten the development of the city, focusing on green, low carbon emission, and sustainability through technology, innovation, and resident participation. The deputy mayor looks forward to sharing Taipeis visions on gardening city, energy conservation city, open government, and citizen participation with representatives of cities around the world.The Department of Environmental Protection pointed out that in addition to discussing global warming and climate changes on the national level, these issues should also be tackled on the municipality, community, and individual levels. Taipeis policies to curb greenhouse gas emission has received the support from the majority of residents. Policies such as YouBike, public bus, and MRT system will help to boost public transportation ratio from 57.2-percent in 2013 to 80-percent in 2020. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je set out his vision for the Greater Bade Commercial District during a press event on April 8.He stressed that the city government is determined to push ahead with promoting Taipeis IT industry through assuming an active role in coordinating resources, mediating conflicts and finding solutions. It will also explore development opportunities from the perspectives of the academia, entrepreneurship, sales, and animation. Ko believes that industry resources should be optimized to achieve the maximum effect. For Greater Bade Commercial District, it would mean to make the most of the resources such as academic support from National Taipei University of Technology and the performance/exhibition venues available at Huashan Creative Park and the upcoming Beer Industry Cultural Park. Citing the example of Guanghua Digital Plaza merchants being apprehensive about Syntrend Creative Park becoming a competitor, the mayor emphasized that the government's role is not to do everything it should be the builder of a platform, upon which businesses can conduct operations effectively. As for possible changes to the name Greater Bade Commercial District, Ko reckoned that the government is open to suggestions. Noting that the initial name for the hub Taipei Akihabara draws too heavily upon the Japanese namesake, he suggested that alternatives should convey the idea of developing an IT cluster in downtown Taipei.  
To promote cultural exchange between migrant laborers and locals, Taipei City Foreign and Disabled Labor Office (FDLO) will hold the 2015 Poetry and Essay Writing Contest for Foreign Workers. .The competition comprises two categories  poetry and essay. Essays should be no longer than 1000 words in length. Submissions can be in essay or short story format. The first place winner in each category will receive a cash prize of NT$10,000.FDLO Director Hui-Chi Chen noted that the poetry contest for foreign workers  hosted annually by Taipei City Government  has received enthusiastic public acclaim. Now in its 15th year, the contest not only provides a platform for foreign workers to express their feelings about working in Taiwan through writing, but also provides them with an opportunity to relieve pressure from homesickness and work. It also allows locals to listen to what they have to say, thereby enhancing mutual understanding.The event welcomes the participation of all foreign workers in Taiwan, sharing their insights on life and work in Taiwan. Please include the authors full name, passport number, a photocopy of his or her alien resident certificate, contact number, mailing address, brief autobiography, and two everyday life snapshots. The deadline for submissions is August 3, 2015. Please send applications to FDLO (see below for mailing address). Applicants can also submit the documents at the agency in person. Taipei City Foreign and Disabled Labor OfficeAddress: 6F, No.21, Sec. 1, Dihua St., Datong Dist., Taipei City 103.For more information, please visit FDLO official website at: http://www.fd.gov.taipei/ (Chinese) or call (02) 2559-8518, ext.5212. Contact number for `other languages: (02)2550-3114 (Indonesian), (02)2550-7229 (Filipino), (02) 2559-8518#5214 (Vietnamese), (02) 2559-8518#5206(Thai).
Taipeis first Infant Products Exchange Center is open for business! The facility is located on the third floor of Huashan Market (No.108, Sec.1, Zhongxiao E. Road).Operated by the Health Growth Foundation, the facility is an effort by Department of Social Welfare (DOSW) to recycle resources while helping parents reduce child-rearing expenses and get rid of outgrown baby or kid items such as toys and illustration books.The center, comprising a family education exhibition area and a game area, aims to serve families with children from 0 to 6 years old. Parents can bring their kids to the family education exhibition area to learn about the value of recycled products through hands-on activities. The game area, on the other hand, features bimonthly-themed games and DIY sessions. Kids will be encouraged to refurbish donated toys with their own creativity. Before the opening of the center, the Health Growth Foundation has conducted events to collect secondhand kids products at family halls, MRT station plazas, and other locations. In the future, district family halls across the city will also accept donations of outgrown childrens items on behalf of the center. The Infant Products Exchange Center is open 9:30 AM to 5 PM every Tuesday through Sunday. To access the services, please visit the website of the facility (http://www.tcprc.org.tw) to register as a member. Walk-in registration is also available.For more information, please call: (02)2391-5587
To mark the 26th year of Cheng Nan-jungs martyrdom, Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the memorial activity on April 7. He announced that the city government will hold community-building events in the surrounding area of Liberty Lane every year to show its support for the freedom of speech.During his address, the mayor recalled the life of Cheng. A native of Taipei City, Cheng was born in 1947  the same year as the 228 Incident. After graduating from Jianguo High School, he attended the College of Engineering at National Cheng Kung University. He transferred to the Department of Philosophy at Fu Jen Catholic University and later to the Department of Philosophy of National Taiwan UniversityCheng founded Freedom Era Weekly. He also called for the end of Martial Law and demanded righting the wrongs of the 228 Incident. He played a role in the pursuit of Taiwans democracy. He committed self-immolation on April 7, 1989.When speaking about his visit to Cheng Nan-jung Foundation, Ko said that he stood on the spot where Cheng lost his life and could not help but wonder about a belief that is strong enough to fill a person with conviction to the point of sacrificing his life.Ko remarked that the freedom of speech is like oxygen and water  people do not realize the importance until losing them. He told his students at medical school that when he was in elementary school, he and his classmates had to make lanterns and signs before they joined the parade to celebrate then-president Chiang Kai-sheks birthday. The students found it quite hard to imagine, having grown up in a different era.  Democracy and Freedom do not appear out of thin air, noted the mayor. They are here to remember Cheng because freedom and democracy are the result of many peoples effort and sacrifice. He believes that those who contributed and sacrificed themselves during the process should be honored, and more importantly, we must ensure that no further drastic action will be needed to safeguard these values in the future.
Mayor Ko Wen-je marked the 101st day in office with a visit to 2015 Yilan Green Expo. The trip was at the invitation of Yilan Magistrate Lin Tsung-hsien.Ko made a stop at an exhibition area to learn more about the symbiotic system of aquaponicsa technique used to raise aquatic animals in tanks/pools, which then provides nutrients required for growing vegetables. Taipeis mayor noted that Yilan County has made great efforts in promoting the concept of symbiosis and humanity-oriented administration. The municipalitys experience in integrating recreation, ecology, and agriculture will serve as a source of reference for Taipei to emulate, as the islands capital seeks to redefine itself as a garden city.He remarked that measures have been taken to implement the policy, including establishing an information center at Taipei Expo Park, launching classes on the subject at community colleges, leasing fallow land to residents to promote farming, as well as engaging local schools in related activities.As a move to promote the Yilan Green Expo, Magistrate Lin promised to provide a 20% discount on admissions for residents of municipalities where the mayors or magistrates have visited the event. Thanks to Kos visit, Taipei citizens will be able to enjoy the discount between April 4 and 10. Ko also visited Shengou Village in Yuanshan Township to try his hands at transplanting rice seedlings. According to Lai Qing-song from Grain Stockholders Club, Yilan is an ideal destination for city children to learn more about agriculture and growing crops. He invited Taipei to consider the collaboration opportunity, citing the success of hands-on farm tours attracting visitors from Hong Kong and Singapore.  
Taipei City Government organized the Childrens Fun Fair at the Civic Plaza on April 3. Jointly organized by 9 cable TV operators, the event also featured 14 booths promoting topics related with city administration such as Public Housing, Garden City, Animal-friendly City, 2017 Universiade, Mobile Family Center, i-Voting, and others.Mayor Ko Wen-je visited the fair grounds and stopped by various booths. He tried out the home-made grain thresher constructed by a local school teacher at the Garden City booth, tasted Taipeis tap water at Taipeis Water  Great for Direct Consumption booth, and took pictures with submitted logos competing in the 2017 Taipei Universiade logo contest at the 2017 Universiade booth. He also took the opportunity to remind the public to take part in the Universiade logo selection through Logo iVoting.The great weather on the first day of the Childrens Day/Tomb-sweeping Day long weekend attracted many visitors to the fair. There were also four gigantic inflatable castles for kids to explore. The main stage also featured performances by Chio Tien Folk Drums and Art Troupe, Zony&Yony, Claire Kuo, Magic Power, and other celebrities.
Mayor Ko Wen-je inaugurated the city governments Unified Bidding Center on April 1.During his address, the mayor noted that the purpose of the agency is to realize the philosophy of openness, transparency, fairness, and equality. From a practical perspective, the center also serves to improve efficiency and quality for the management of city procurements. Under current regulations, for example, elementary school principals looking at overhauling an old school building will have to deal with issues ranging from tenders to project inspection to acceptance. It poses a great challenge to public officials who have limited knowledge about construction procurement process and regulations. Ko added that the initial task for the Unified Bidding Center will be to centralize and manage construction procurement projects with a budget of NT$5 million or more from non-construction-related agencies. The ultimate goal is to put every single procurement projectwhether pertaining to construction, labor services, or financial services--in the hands of the Center. This means that the Center will be consigned with the task of handling over 90% of the city governments total procurement needs.The mayor also invited the dignitaries to visit city hall at the end of the year when it has been transformed into a smart building. The Unified Bidding Center will also publish video recordings of the procurement process online in real time. 
The time is right to visit Guting Riverside Park! According to the Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO), visitors at the Guting Riverside Park will have the opportunity to witness a blooming sea of flowers from today until mid-April. To encourage residents to visit the riverside, HEO planted a wide variety of flowers ensuring blooming landscape across the season. The sea of flowers exists in harmony with various public art pieces placed along the paths, including a huge picture frame landmark and giant alphabets spelling out the word L.O.V.E. In addition, decorations such as heart-shape arches and white roman-style pillars transform the surroundings into inspiring scenes for photographers. For those who seek opportunities for a little workout, bicycle rental is available at the nearby Jingfu Bicycle Rental Station. For parents with young kids, there are options ranging from child-transport bicycles to balance bikes for young learners available at the rental shop.Getting there: Take the metro to MRT Gongguan Station. Leave via Exit 4 and proceed in the direction of Siyuan Street. You will reach the riverside park after a short walk.
Mayor Ko Wen-je announced the establishment of StartUP@Taipei platform during a press event on March 31. The platform, which provides one-stop services for would-be entrepreneurs, seeks to make Taipei a friendly hub for starting new businesses  similar to Silicon Valley. According to Ko, StartUP@Taipei will help reduce red tape and facilitate the process of registering for new companies. The Department of Economic Development (DED) will set up booth at the City Hall to offer one-on-one consultation for topics spanning intellectual property rights, tax affairs, investment, marketing, etc. The consultation sessions will feature experts from respective areas, as well as successful business people. DED stressed that the ultimate goal of StartUP@Taipei is to help the capital city surpass its rivals in Asia Pacific to become the top incubator for startups in the region. A total of 48 government resources including incentives, subsidies, and loans--will be integrated and introduced to applicants.  Meanwhile, the City is holding a competition to encourage entrepreneurship. The proposals making to the top-ten list will receive city assistance in key areas to establish a business, Ko reckoned.Acknowledging the difficulty in the first steps of starting a business, the city government will also supervise the formation of Angels Club as a way to help inspired entrepreneurs secure guidance and advice from specialists and experts.  
Taipei Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the award ceremony to honor outstanding social workers on March 31.During his address, the mayor pointed out the importance of replacing possible confrontations after the fact with communication beforehand. He noted that this core belief will be the basis of city governments policy implementation in the future. Ko stressed that finding out what challenges might be encountered during implementation before a policy is implemented would be the key. Social workers plays an important role in dealing with human-related issues, and by resolving these issues ahead of time will ensure smoother implementation of the policy.Citing a quote stating that mothers were created because God cannot be everywhere, the mayor remarked that social workers play similar roles because he cannot look after everyone. To reduce confrontations in our society, he believes that social workers will be required to do a lot of work beforehand.When talking about the Citys approach in dismantling 226 illegal structures, Ko praised social workers for carrying out their duties. He noted that the personnel would visit the households living inside these structures and understand the difficulties they are facing. By understanding the problems and offering possible solutions such as relocation assistance, the City was able to carry out the order by the deadline without encountering stiff or violent resistance. At the ceremony, the mayor presented awards to 42 outstanding social workers and expressed his gratitude to the winners for their contribution to society.
"Mayor Ko Wen-je announced the citys plan to launch the Yanhui Book Warehouse on Cloud project during a press event on March 30. Promoting the concepts of recycle and reuse, the project will digitize secondhand books to allow for online access for readers living in remote areas.	The Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) has been collecting unwanted books through public donations to help the disadvantaged students and children. This year, the agency will take a further step to make the most out of existing resources by establishing an online database of Yanhui Book Warehouse in collaboration with National Chiao Tung University (NCTU). Ko expressed his gratitude to NCTU for the technical support provided by the institution. He noted that through this project, residents living in municipalities outside Taipei will be able to access the resources.The mayor also praised the Neihu Recycled Furniture Auction House, another facility operated by the DEP, for living up to the eco concepts of recycle and reuse. He remarked that his administration will never feel satisfied by what has been achieved it will continue to strive to improve city policies and perfect civic services. "
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over a leadership seminar designed for city officials at the Department of Civil Servant Development on March 29.During his opening speech, Ko pointed out that his administration will be approaching its 100th day in the upcoming week. He requested the heads of city agencies to provide an outline of their respective achievements during this period to show the public what they have accomplished. In addition, he also asked the agencies to submit three reports before the start of the new session of Taipei City Council. The reports should provide the administrative vision for 1 year, 4 years, and 50 years in the future. Citing a book on Genghis Khans political philosophy, Ko stressed that the role of the leader is to point out the direction  not to make the plans. He suggests that city officials should ask themselves what their direction is during work every day. He quoted Dharma Master Cheng Yen, saying that there is no need to fear the distance when traveling in the right direction.The mayor noted that basically he does not agree with the top-down model. He believes that everyone should try to do what they want to do, while the leaders role is to point out the direction, coordinate the overall effort, and mediate conflict when it happens. He also emphasized the importance of defending ones value. He attributed the success of city efforts to dismantle 226 illegal structures to remaining true to the value of rejecting influence-peddling, since the public knows that the practice wont work in his case. When asked about what he wants to change the most as Taipeis mayor, his reply is to change the corporate culture into one that emphasizes reflection and improvement, which is founded on the basis of speaking the truth. He believes that after instilling the new culture, things can be done rapidly and effectively. He estimates that building this new corporate culture at city hall will take more than six months.
In light of the ongoing draught across the island, Mayor Ko Wen-je embarked on an inspection trip to the Feitsui Reservoir and attended a briefing by the staff on March 28.Following the briefing, the mayor noted that Taipei has been successful in avoiding water rationing as of today due to the presence of the reservoir. Current numbers show that the water supply is enough to hold through the end of June. However, with the exception of Taipei City, Taiwan is battling the toughest draught in sixty years. While Taipei has yet to limit the use of water, it will support water use of New Taipei City. The mayor pointed out that the City supplies New Taipei with about 1.2 million tons of water per day. It will boost the amount by 440,000 tons once the new pipes have been installed. In addition, it will provide water to industries in areas facing water shortage. The water pickup location will also be expanded from 6 to 18, allowing easier access for water trucks.The mayor pointed out that Taipei City will also devise water conservation measures, but will adopt incentives which are more human-centered. City government agencies should also take the lead in saving water, remarked the mayor. For example, the Public Work Department employs reclaimed water for watering plants and mopping floors. 
With spring very much in the air, the lavender and iris at Neishuangxi Nature Center are in full bloom. Together, these plants have transformed the park into a rich canvas of purple. Last November, approximately 12,000 strands spanning 4 different types of lavender were introduced to the Yikang Park of the Center. The Center invites the public to come and enjoy the splendor of these violet flowers and the healing effect they have upon both the body and the mind. According to Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) Director Huang Li-yuan, Neishuangxi Nature Center has been devoted to environmental education since 2008. The only forest-type nature center in Taipei, the facility was certified as one of Taipeis 11 eco education venues by Environmental Protection Administration in 2013.In addition to an encounter with the breathtaking landscape, GEO also recommends residents to sign up for some 80 classes available this year at the Center. The venue is open from 9 AM to 4 PM daily. Admission is free between March 28 and April 5. To learn more about the classes, please call 0975-457132, write to nsx.service@eeft.org.tw, or visit the official blog at http://neishuangxi.blogspot.com (Chinese)Neishuangxi Nature CenterAddress: No.27, Lane 150, Sec.3, Zhishan Rd., Shilin DistrictDriving Directions: Head for Waishuangxi drive along Zhishan Road Section 3 and turn into Bixi Industrial Road to reach the destination. Public Transportation: The following buses are available at MRT Jiantan Station.-S1: alight at Xishan Miaopu Stop.-S18: alight at Bixi Bridge Stop, and walk about 30 minutes to the destination. 
As yet another measure to fulfil the vision of public participation in city administrations, the city government is working to develop the i-Voting Online Ballot Casting System to allow the public to have their say about city policies. The mechanism will serve as an important medium for the government to connect with the populace, thus contributing to the formulation of better civic services. The Department of Information Technology (DOIT) pointed out that the agency is improving i-Voting verification procedures, which will be implemented on six levels:-Level 1: No need to obtain voters personal information, therefore no identity verification needed. -Level 2: Voters can voluntarily provide personal information, but will not undergo identity verification. -Level 3: Voters will be required to provide personal information for the system to verify. Identity verification will involve one of the following: ID number, mobile number, email, or Taipei Card profile.-Level 4: Level 3 verification plus integration of household registration system.-Level 5: Level 3 - 4 verification plus integration of Citizen Digital Certificate information.-Level 6: Anonymous voting (ID verification required when voters obtain ballots, but vote-casting will remain anonymous).According to DOIT, the different levels of i-Voting cater to the needs of respective issues. The mechanism for Level 3 is expected to be put in place by the end of 2015. The agency will also consult relevant departments on the issue of personal information protection to ensure compliance of the i-Voting system with law and regulations.  
The 2015 Earth Hour Lights-off event will take place on Saturday, March 28. The Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) invites residents to switch off non-necessary lights between 8:30 PM and 9:30 PM to help fight global warming. The main stage for the 2015 Earth Hour event in Taipei is located at the City Hall East Entrance Plaza. The agency invites the public to take public transportation to the venue and attend the Lights OFF!! Green UP!! event.Earth Hour is an annual event designed to raise public awareness on global warming by encouraging participants to turn off lights and avoid unnecessary electricity consumption for one hour. Organized by the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF), the event takes place on the last Saturday of March between 8:30 PM and 9:30 PM local time.The eco-awareness event first took place in 2007. Taipei City Government first participated in the Earth Hour movement in 2011. The 1-hour lights-off period in 2014 alone helped to reduce 56 KWH of electricity consumption and 29.8 tons of carbon emission nationwide. In addition to city hall and a number of affiliated facilities, landmark buildings across Taipei such as Taipei 101, CKS Memorial Hall, Taipei Arena, Shin Kong Mitsukoshi, ATT 4 Fun, Hankyu Department Store, Cathay Financial Holdings, CPC, W Hotel, Grand Hyatt, Farglory, CTBC Bank, and CitiBank Taiwan will also join the lights-out event during this period.
Mayor Ko Wen-je announced that both Neihu Technology Park and Nangang Software Park will serve as bases to foster entrepreneurship and innovation. He made the remarks at the 2015 TIEA General Assembly and Industry Forum on March 25. Information sessions with regard to the plan are expected to take place in late April, late June, and late August. The city government will hold rounds of discussion with the participation of entrepreneurs and investors to explore cooperation opportunities. According to Ko, Taipei prides itself in being a hotbed for business activity, offering a friendly environment for startups such as accessibility to subsidies. Following the founding of Smart City Commission of Taipei, visits will be paid to industry players located in Neihu and Nangang districts to solicit support. An estimated 10 to 18 venues will be selected in Neihu as business incubators. Citing the words of a professor of venture capital industry at Stanford University, Ko reckoned that the most important thing to help youths start new businesses is preparing them for possible failures without losing faith. He added that the City sets aside approximately NT$200 million to help fund young entrepreneurs. The fund, though limited, allows young people to pursue their dreams with support from the government. The mayor also seeks to emulate the success of Stanford University, which takes into consideration what the industry (Silicon Valley in this case) really needs and offers classes accordingly. With this in mind, the City plans to invite successful entrepreneurs to share their experiences with aspiring youths. 
Former British professional soccer player Michael Owen visited Taipei Municipal Qingjiang Elementary School in Beitou District on March 25.This is the first visit of the soccer celebrity to Taiwan. He took time off his busy schedule to coach enthusiastic young players of the school team on the sports. Qingjiang Elementary School is also the only school and school soccer team Owen visited during his stopover in Taiwan. Despite the limited time of his stay, Owen instructed the students on soccer techniques and gave them tips on feigning, shooting, and dribbling. He also presented the school with an autographed soccer ball.In return, the school presented the visiting soccer star with handmade pottery produced by indigenous artisans as souvenir. 
2017 Taipei Universiade slogan, logo, and mascot design contest submission period has ended on March 15. In addition to the majority of the submissions from college students, there are design works submitted from design studios, retired teachers, housewives, and even foreigners. The contest accumulated 394 submissions in total.In the preliminary review, there are many creative submissions on the Universiade mascot such as Taipei 101 Building, Formosan black bear, Formosan landlocked salmon, Formosan sika deer, and Formosan blue magpie. One submission depicts the enthusiasm of the Universiade as the Wind Fire Wheels from Nezha, a protection deity in Chinese folk religion. Many works are inspired by the Chinese zodiac of year 2017, the rooster.The next phase of the submission selection is the committee review. The committee will select 10 finalists for public voting, or i-voting, by the end of March. The City encourages everyone to vote for their favorite work which best represents Taipeis sportsmanship. For more detailed information, please visit 2017 Taipei Universiade website (http://www.taipei2017.com.tw)(Chinese) and Facebook fan page. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a presentation by the Department of Cultural Affairs (DCA) about the Metro Soundscape program on March 23. The program will see a variety of sounds characteristic of Taipei to be introduced at MRT stationsbe it sounds from natural environment, folk songs, or combinations of musical notes--a creative move to make a strong impression on metro riders. According to Ko, the initiative is part of his administrations vision to build Taipei a City of Culture. Pointing out that people tend to focus more on visual experience and less on sense of sound perception, Ko noted he hopes the program will prompts people to hear what Taipei sounds like.Ko also emphasized the power of music in shaping the image of a city. Inspired by Midosuji of Osaka, a place name which appears on the title of a famous Japanese song, the mayor reckoned that he wishes to promote Taipei to the world through the creation of a pop song that depicts the city. The idea, though not to be implemented soon, can be realized starting with the metro soundscape program. He hopes that each MRT station will boast its own background music--incorporating local landscapes--created by local residents as an embodiment of community empowerment.
The lobby at City Hall has been transformed into an exhibition area of smart applications since March 16. The city government invites residents to experience and explore what the renovated facility has to offer.The refurbishment is part of Smart City Hall--a project undertaken by the city government to improve the government building through the incorporation of internet and communications technologies.According to the Department of Information Technology (DOIT), the project encompasses plans to make the City Hall more intelligent in three areas: space management, administrative services, and environment.Close to the East Gate service center, an information broadcast kiosk has been installed which integrates digitized civil services promotional materials. Visitors will be able to access all kinds of city-related publications with their fingertips. To allow residents to find the right counter for their business, a new App has also been developed to provide information on services available at respective counters. The feature of queuing number notification will be added to the App in the near future, helping to reduce the hassle of waiting in lines. Whats more, the IAQ (Indoor Air Quality) air quality monitoring system has also been implemented at city hall. Visitors will be able to learn about the air quality from figures shown on the public broadcast system in real-time. In addition, the city government employs energy conservation management software to keep track of city halls power and water consumption records. It will serve as a reference to increase energy efficiency.
Mayor Ko Wen-je sounded the starter pistol for the athletes taking part in the Taipei City Race  the first stop of the 2015 Tour de Taiwan. During his address before the race, the mayor wished all participating athletes success in the competition. A total of 23 cycling teams hailing from 32 nations are taking part in the 2015 Tour de Taiwan.Ko noted that bicycles play an important role in Taipeis green transportation scheme. Not only are bicycles tools for leisure and exercise they are also transportation vehicles. He believes that in order for Taipei to become a green city, the expansion of bicycle lanes will be a key factor. In addition to existing lanes, the City has devised plans to build new bike lanes on roads with width over 40 meters.Responding to media questions about plans for dismantling Taipei West Bus Station and relocate coach services to Nangang, Ko pointed out that times are changing, and plans to make Taipei Train Station the hub of city traffic is no longer valid given the convenience of the MRT network. The mayor reiterated his intention on moving the terminal for inter-municipality buses to different points along the mass transit stations to reduce traffic congestions in downtown areas. He added that technical questions are best left to the experts, suggesting that it will take another year to redraw Taipeis transportation plans, with coaches being only a part of the overall design.
Mayor Ko Wen-je helped promote the 2015 Yilan Green Expo during a promotional event on March 22. He also met with Yilan County Magistrate Lin Tsung-hisen to discuss cooperation possibilities in the field of agriculture. 2015 Yilan Green Expo will take place from March 28 through May 17.According to Ko, Taipei is at the consumer end of agricultural produce while Yilan produces a variety of crops that meet the capitals needs. He will seek opportunities where fresh and safe agricultural commodities from Yilan can be directly ordered and delivered to Taipei.  He also suggested that the Department of Education and Department of Economic Development consider arranging extracurricular activities at the Green Expo and purchasing organic vegetables for school lunch from agricultural organizations in Yilan. Building a bridge for collaboration in agriculture was top on the agenda of Magistrate Lins trip to Taipei, Ko reckoned.As an act of reciprocation for Kos support, Magistrate Lin invited him to visit the Green Expo. Lin added that residents from other municipalities are equally entitled to a 20-percent discount when visiting the event during designated city/county weeks.The mayor also took the opportunity to underscore Taipeis effort to transform itself from a concrete jungle into a garden city. With less than NT$20 million investment, a total of 192 junior high schools and elementary schools have enrolled in the garden city initiative. To achieve the goal, the city plans to conduct classes on urban farming to promote planting vegetables on rooftops.  
Taipei City Government announced the formation of Taipei Wireless Network Alliance with 11 businesses from the private sector on March 20.During the press conference, Mayor Ko Wen-je pointed out that trying to build the Taipei-Free network on its own is extremely costly for the city government. The intention of forming the Taipei Wireless Network Alliance is to create a single portal and platform for integrating wireless internet resources spanning MRT, buses, convenience store chains, and other businesses.The mayor expressed his gratitude to the participating businesses. Not only would the initiative help the government reduce its burden, it will also help improve the connection quality of the wireless broadband service. In the future, the city hopes to create an internet environment that requires lower-than-average fees and provides better connection quality.Department of Information Technology Commissioner Lee Wei-bin pointed out that currently the members of the Taipei Wireless Network Alliance aim at providing free services with either a minimal data transmission rate of 2Mbps or 30 minutes of internet connection. He believes this is adequate for those at outdoor areas with a sudden need to search the internet for information or to check email. Anything requiring data transfer beyond 2Mbps should not be covered by a service paid for by tax payers money. In the future, the City will seek to integrate its wireless broadband service with the central governments iTaiwan, using iTaiwan as the portal website. Lee stressed that the city government is to offer services not provided by the private sector, and the free citywide wireless connection is in no way a replacement for those provided by businesses. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je set out his vision to build Taipei into an eco city with smart architecture and on the path of economic growth while achieving zero growth of energy consumption. He made the remarks about Taipei in 2050 at the Green + TogetehrSustainable City Summit on March 19. During his address, Ko noted that the capital of Taiwan will strive to become a sustainable metropolis, building on its achievement in carbon reduction. The objective will be attained through incorporating the concepts of garden city, green city, advanced sharing society, one-stop service, intelligent management of resources, open government, and public participation.  To effectively reduce energy consumption especially during summertime, Ko highlighted the importance of transforming Taipei into a sponge city which, by adopting permeable paving and constructing detention basins, will help mitigate urban heat island effect.Adhering to the core value of sharing, the mayor reckoned that the City will move towards establishing a seamless transportation network. The plan, encompassing promotion of MRT and adjustment of bus routes as well as rates, seeks to boost public transport utilization from 52% to 80%. Ko also proposed an ambitious plan to expand Taipeis cycling network. In the future, roads over 40 meters in width will be equipped with biking paths. The measure will apply to those over 20 meters ultimately. The number of Youbike stations will also expand from 196 to 400, as well as boosting the fleet of bicycles from 6,406 to 13,000. In addition, the Citys taxi system will undergo digitization and improved dispatch management.  
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended the opening ceremony of the 2015 Asian Cycling Forum on March 19. The event is a platform for experts and scholars to exchange their views on the development of public bicycle rental, integration of cycling and public transportation, cycling and tourism, and related issues.During his address, the mayor noted that concepts such as green buildings, intelligent cities, and sustainable environment are popular nowadays. The bicycle is a mean of transportation that complies with these concepts and considered to be part of the public transportation network from the perspective of city hall.A cycling enthusiast himself, the mayor pointed out that he has visited every biking route along Taipeis riverside. He lauds former mayor Hau Lung-bins role in implementing YouBike rental system, vowing to expand the public bicycle scheme further and creating more cycling routes.Regarding upcoming plans for enhancing the cycling infrastructure, he expects the City to invest considerable resources in constructing bicycle lanes. The first phase will involve building dedicated lanes on roads with width over 40 meters. He concluded his speech by stating that there is only better than and never the best. The forum is only a beginning, noted the mayor. He hopes that the forum and consecutive events will help bring experiences from around the world to Taipei through the exchange, helping the city government improve its bicycle policies. 
"To provide residents with convenient access to public cemeteries during the Tomb-sweeping Festival period in 2015, the Public Transportation Office has arranged special tomb-sweeping shuttles to run on the following dates: March 21, 22, 28, 29, and April 3 through 6.The 5 special routes include Muzha Line, Nangang Line, Military Cemetery Line, Chongde Line, and Yangmingshan Line. Details are as follows:1.	Muzha Line: This shuttle travels from MRT Taipei Zoo Station to Wanfu Bridge to Fude Ash Tower. All buses serving this route are low floor buses.2.	Nangang Line: This shuttle travels at Nangang Military Cemetery, Fude Public Cemetery Office, and Fude Ash Tower. Passengers can disembark at MRT Kunyang Station for buses 270, S12, and BL25. They can also take buses 205, 620, and 645 from Nangang Exhibition Center on Academia Sinica Road Section 1 to China University of Science and Technology for the bus. 3.	Military Cemetery Line: Shuttle has stops at Nangang Military Cemetery and Zhongling Shrine. Passengers can disembark at MRT Kunyang Station for buses 270, S12, and BL25. They can also take buses 205, 620, and 645 from Nangang Exhibition Center on Academia Sinica Road Section 1 to China University of Science and Technology for the bus.4.	Chongde Line: Bus travels from MRT Linguang Station to Chongde Cemetery Office via Chongde Street. Due to street width limit, this line is served primarily by medium-size buses. To reduce waiting time, visitors can take Muzha Line to Fude Ash Tower, transfer to Nangang Line, and disembark at Fude Cemetery Office for the bus.5.	Yangmingshan Line: This shuttle travels from Longfeng Valley Visitor Center to Yangmingshan Ash Tower. Visitors can take bus 612 from either MRT Jiantan Station or MRT Shilin Station, as well as 128, 508, 536, and S8 from MRT Shipai Station or routes 230, S7, or S25 from MRT Beitou Station to Dunxu High School stop for the shuttle.Shuttles run at an interval of 3 to 5 minutes (except Military Cemetery Line, which is available every 20 to 30 minutes). The last shuttle departs the respective cemeteries at 5:30 PM.In addition, all embarking/disembarking stands of the tomb-sweeping shuttles comes equipped with rain shelter. In addition, service desks will be set up at Fude Ash Tower, Fude Cemetery, and Yangmingshan ash tower to provide tomb-sweepers with services such as broadcasting, consulting, child care, baggage care, tomb-sweeping tool rental, and more."
The city administration approved the Clean Politics Protocol for Taipei City Government Political Appointees during the City Executive Meeting on March 17.Mayor Ko Wen-je noted that it is imperative to establish a political culture that emphasizes transparency. Graft can be effectively prevented through disclosure of information to the public. The mayor pointed out that the protocol encompasses two essential elements: First, political appointees of city hall now have an obligation to provide explanations on assets from unidentified sources. This regulation applies to the individuals spouse and minor children. Any abrupt changes to the assets of the above-mentioned individuals should be reported and explained in the asset declaration.Another component of the protocol involves the input of political appointees daily schedule. The city government is working on the development of a platform onto which staff can register the day-to-day itinerary of respective officials. The records will be used for future reference.Reckoning that the protocol marks a symbolic move to highlight the city governments determination to promote honest politics, Ko remarked that the heads of city departments will be required to sign the pact. Those who refuse to be bound by the agreement will be asked to step down.   
Taipei City Animal Protection Office (APO) will conduct a quadrennial check on the Citys pet microchip information starting March 20.  According to APO, the majority of pet owners rarely update the information registered in their furry friends microchip. Changes such as owner contact number, ownership transfer, and loss or death of the pet may have taken place over the years, making the information in the database inaccurate.  In light of this, APO commissioned Enrich Field Bio-Tech Information System Integration Inc. to carry out a thorough examination of registered pets and conduct information updates on residency and rabies inoculation, among others. The data will be synced with the citys household registration system and the pet databases of both Taipei City Government and Council of Agriculture.     Pet owners will be notified via mail, Email, or SMS after the check begins. Individuals who receive such notice should review the information they have provided and visit the nearest pet registry for change of information if needed, ensuring the rights of their furkids.For more information, please visit APO at http://www.tcapo.gov.taipei/ (Chinese)
On March 17, Mayor Ko Wen-je met with Mayor Eric Chu at New Taipei City Government to discuss the details of preparations for the 2017 Taipei Universiade. The two mayors promised to work together to make this international sports competition a success.According to Ko, the main item on the agenda for the meeting with Chu is the schedule of venue construction and refurbishment. Involving funds of approximately NT$380 million, the project will be placed under the care of Sports Commissioner Hung Chia-wen. The mayor pointed out that Hungs previous stint in New Taipei City Government will help to ensure smooth communication between the two municipalities. Regarding the athletes village of the Universiade, Ko stressed that the two municipalities have already reached an agreement. Chu reiterated the municipalitys support of the Universiade, stressing that constructions will follow the schedules set out. The mayor of New Taipei City stressed that the Universiade is not only hosted by Taipei City, but also by Taiwan. There are six venues for competitions in New Taipei City alone, including Xinzhuang Baseball Stadium, Xinzhuag Track and Field Stadium, Xinzhuang Civil Sports Center, Jinghe Park, and Wei-fang Canal. In return, Chu requested if Taipei City can make venues available for the 2016 International Childrens Games hosted by New Taipei City, as some of the venues will be closed for refurbishments in preparation for the Universiade. Ko agreed without hesitation, saying that the two cities will work together to make international sports events successful.
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over the first meeting of the Food Safety Commission on March 16. He pledges to spearhead City efforts in addressing food safety issues and expel public worries. Stressing the high level of professionalism of the commission, Ko noted that the members hail from backgrounds spanning food science, hospitality management, analytical chemistry, toxicology, medicine, chemistry, to food industry.   The agenda of the meeting included a strategic plan outlining the purpose of the commission progress report on the implementation of a transparent food safety system enforcement of regulations on used cooking oil recycling and school lunch provision SOP.  The meeting also dwelt upon the proposed Food Safety Self-governance Ordinance of Taipei and the introduction of a hygiene rating system governing the sale of food and drinks for industry players. Ko reckoned that the City will work on establishing a set of reasonable standards to be imposed on businesses.   Ko added that consultation with Food and Drug Administration will be preferable before any food safety rules are implemented, to ensure uniform standards to be adopted by both the city and the central governments.       
To discuss the details on preparations for the upcoming 2017 Universiade, Mayor Ko Wen-je visited Hsinchu City Government, Hsinchu County Government, and Taoyuan City Government on March 16.According to Ko, the event will span 22 categories of sports competition across 80 venues. Taipei City alone is not enough to handle all the games. He pointed out that the 2017 Universiade is not only Taipeis Universiade, but also Taiwans Universiade. He hopes to see the municipalities collaborate and make this event a success.Hsinchu County Magistrate promised to provide assistance in venue and conducting the competitions in water polo, basketball, and soccer. Existing swimming pools and stadiums meet standards for holding international standards. The county will do its best to follow the city governments schedule by completing the facilities by November 15, 2016.During his meeting with Hsinchu City Mayor Lin Chih-chien, Ko joked that as someone from Hsinchu, its easier for him to ask a favor from his home town. Taipei City Government has requested Hsinchu City Government to help refurbish the venue for basketball games with a budget around NT$27 million. The city government will also work with Hsinchu City Government on city promotions.Taoyuan City Mayor Cheng Wen-tsan praised the administrative team of Taipei City for its effectiveness in communications. The two cities completed their talks in 3 minutes, with Taoyuan City Government making the Domed Stadium available as both the practice ground and venue of the Taekwondo competition. With the Airport MRT slated for December this year, the mass transit system will also adjust its operation schedule to accommodate the games. Ko pointed out that Taipei City provides the most funding and venues for the 2017 Taipei Universiade. New Taipei City claims second place with its contribution of NT$390 million, followed by Hsinchu County with NT$280 million. Taoyuan City and Hsinchu City also provided NT$55 million and NT$27 million, respectively.
The one-month-long 2015 Yangmingshan Flower Festival came to a close with a mountain cleanup event on Sunday, March 15.Faculty members, parents, and students from Huaxing Elementary School, Huaxing High School, Taipei Wego Private Bilingual Senior High School, Taipei European School, Taipei Adventist American School, and Chinese Culture University joined hands in clearing out a total of 40 100-kg bags of litter. The majority of the trash consisted of PET bottles and cigarette butts. According to the Parks and Street Lights Office (PSLO), keeping Yangmingshan clean is an important task for the agency. During the flower festival period, there are over 20 sanitation workers patrolling the premise daily to ensure the environment is kept tidy, as well as temporary installing 50-gallon trash cans at 20 locations. In addition, PSLO announced that the dates of the art exhibition spotlighting artworks by artists Goto Sumio, Wu A-sun, and Paloma Chang will be extended to March 20. Despite the poor weather, the visitor count at this years Yangmingshan Flower Festival set a new record of 1.5 million  the visitor count at the events official website also exceeded 240,000.
Mayor Ko Wen-je promised to incorporate social welfare facilities into the blueprint of future public housing estates during an interview on Green Peace Broadcasting Station on March 14. According to the mayor, there are three stages to implementing Taipeis public housing policy: The first phase is to free up unoccupied residential properties owned by the City and make them available to tenants. The next step is to build one interim housing estate in each of Taipeis 12 administrative districts. The last part involves selecting 22 properties for city-sponsored urban renewal projects and constructing affordable public housing units.  Ko also made a case for the provision of social welfare amenities in public residential complexes such as child care and senior nursing services. Acknowledging the fact that Taipei is becoming an aged society, he stressed it is imperative for the private sector to be involved in care-giving services to ensure sustainability. Social enterprise, community empowerment, and volunteerism should be the solutions to the demographic challenge, he noted.  When asked by the media about recent controversies over the Citys public housing measures, the mayor stated that a communication mechanism will be established in two weeks to better promote city policies to residents in the neighborhood. Citing the remodeling plans for Zhongzheng Bridge as an example, he pointed out that major policies in the future will be published online before taking effect.   On the possibility of imposing heavier taxes on owners of vacant apartments to free up more dwelling units, Ko pointed out that the property tax cannot be adjusted until 2017 as law allows for a review of the tax only once every three years.
Taipei City Traffic Engineering Office (TEO) announced that it will test pedestrian scramble measures for the crossing at the intersection of Guiling Road and Kunming Street in Wanhua District. The one-month-long project will last from March 17 to April 16.The agency explained that the close vicinity of the intersection to Lao-song Elementary School result in busy pedestrian and traffic flow  especially during the opening and closing time of school. During the project period, TEO will evaluate the effectiveness and take note of possible improvements needed for further implementations.To minimize traffic hazards for students, TEO will implement pedestrian scramble during selected times (7:20 am  7:50 am, 12 noon  12:30 pm, and 4 pm  4:30 pm). According to TEO, the agency will adjust traffic lights at the intersection and install new signs to notify pedestrians and drivers about the measure. 
In light of the growth in Taipeis elderly population, the New Construction Office is working on a new facility to cater to the needs of senior citizens. The Chengzhong Section Social Welfare Building will include a number of facilities and venues for social interaction and learning. The city government plans to establish a senior citizen service center-cum-day care center for each administrative district in Taipei. Facilities in the building will include standard classrooms, computer classrooms, multi-functional activity rooms, and sports and recreation spaces. The Department of Social Welfare plans to offer various activities targeting senior citizens, allowing them to enrich their daily lives and share their experiences with each other. Located at the intersection of Yanping South Road and Guiyang Street, the 7-story-tall building with 3 basement floors will take up 2,389 square meters of land. The main body of construction is slated for completion by the end of June 2016. 
The Department of Legal Affairs reminds residents that unauthorized parking in the areas around city parks, greens, plaza, children recreation spaces, public construction sites, and facilities established by law for purpose of public recreation is prohibited based on Taipei City Self-governance Articles on Park Management.The Administrative Appeals Committee cited a case involving a motorcyclist who filed an appeal regarding a fine of NT$1,200 issued by the Parks and Street Lights Office for parking on the pedestrian walkway next to Qingguang Park in Zhongshan District. According to the committee, the appeal was turned down on the grounds that the city government declared the ban of unauthorized parking at areas around city parks based on the self-governance articles on December 21, 2010.The only exception to the ban are vehicles of individuals on official business (who must apply for a permit beforehand with the respective management authorities) and vehicles parked inside marked parking spaces for the following parks: 228 Peace Park, Youth Park, Rongxing Park, Bihu Park, Dahu Park, Yuquan Park, Yuchen Park, and Shilin Official Residence. For all other parks under city management, parking is prohibited with the exception of vehicles parked inside marked parking spaces. Violators will receive a fine of no less than NT$1,200 and no more than NT$6,000. 
To encourage green transportation and maximize the use of limited resources, the Department of Transportation (DOT) announced that YouBike users will be charged NT$5 for the first 30 minutes of use starting April 1, 2015. According to DOT, the current scheme of offering free rental for the first 30 minutes was implemented in December of 2012. The policy received positive feedbacks from residents, resulting in an average of 12 rentals per bicycle per day. The average daily ridership of YouBike is also approaching 70,000.A telephone survey targeting citizens of Taipei indicated that over 70-percent of the respondents expressed support for a rental fee of NT$5 for the first 30 minutes of rental. The agency predicts that the revised rental scheme will lower the average daily rental rate per vehicle to 8 rentals, but this will ensure higher availability of the bicycles for those requiring the service.In the interest of boosting ridership, New Taipei City Government will continue providing free rental for the first 30 minutes. The revised rental scheme of charging NT$5 for the first 30 minutes will apply only to those hiring YouBikes at rental stations located in Taipei City. The rental rate for durations beyond 30 minutes will remain unchanged for both municipalities. YouBike rental services will be temporarily suspended in both Taipei City and New Taipei City between midnight and 5 AM on April 1 for system updates. The only service available during this period will be bike returns. Those hiring a bicycle on March 31 (or earlier) and returning after midnight, April 1 will be charged NT$5 upon return by the updated system. In this case, they can apply for refund of the NT$5 at YouBike service centers before May 1, 2015. The city government apologizes for this inconvenience.
Mayor Ko Wen-je shared with the media the initial progress of the city governments Urban Community Hospice Care Service during the press conference following the City Executive Meeting on March 10. Several family members of subscribing patients also attended the event to share their firsthand experience.The mayor explained that the program seeks to bring medical experts from the hospital into the home of individual patients. This approach may look difficult, but is achievable with a change of perspectives. However, he admits that much effort is needed to convince the doctors, nurses, and pharmacists. Seeing the city government as a team providing the services, he believes that things should be done if there is a need among the public. Taipei City Hospital Superintendent Huang Sheng-jean noted that the program, implemented in January of 2015, has accepted 118 patients from Taipei City and New Taipei City as of March 6. Among these, non-cancer patients accounts for 44.1-percent of the service subscribers. He reported that 56 patients have passed away peacefully, and 16 have expressed their wish to spend the last days at home.Ko remarked that Huang was his colleague at National Taiwan University (NTU) Hospital. Both he and Huang realize that no matter how knowledgeable a doctor can be, there is always a limit to medical care. To help patients with terminal illness enjoy quality care in the last stages, the two doctors supported legislation related with hospice care. The mayor added that Huang has acquired successful experience in the implementation of community-based hospice care program during his stint as the superintendent of NTU Hospitals Jinshan Branch Hospital. He hopes that Huang can now utilize his experience at Jinshan to the city governments project.Regarding the question of funding once the program has been implemented on a regular basis, Huang noted that the expense will be covered by the National Health Insurance Program, which has implemented regulations related with hospice care in 2014. He noted that hospice care also has the added benefit of saving healthcare expense  a patient receiving care in the intensive ward might require about NT$30,000 a day, while those receiving hospice care at home average around NT$50,000 a month. Nonetheless, the primary advantage of hospice care is the assurance patients receive from being at home.
To allow hearing-impaired and language-impaired individuals to receive the latest updates on city policies, the city government will offer simultaneous sign language interpretation at the weekly press conference following the City Executive Meeting.Answering media questions about the purpose of providing sign language interpretation at the event, Mayor Ko Wen-je pointed out that he noticed the simultaneous sign language interpretation when he watched US presidential campaign events. He believes that offering such service is a gesture of civilized nations and a way to cater to the needs of disadvantaged groups.In the future, all official press conference of the city government will include a sign language interpreter to ensure that citizens with hearing and language impairments to remain in the know regarding city affairs.In addition, a sign language version news digest on the mayors latest city policies will also be aired on the KBRO Digital News CH4 every Tuesday  the same day as the city governments City Executive Meetings.
Taipei Zoo unveiled stunning photos of oriental honey buzzards raiding a wasp nest.Known for its location boasting diverse ecology, visitors at Taipei Zoo can easily find traces of indigenous wildlife in addition to zoo animals such as ant hills, bird nests, and bee hives within the vicinity of the park. The wasp nest in question was first spotted in the forested area across from the zoos Wildlife Rescue Center last year. The presence of the nest forces zoo staff to exercise caution when performing their duties in the vicinity of the center.While staff members also took note of honey buzzards appearing in the surrounding, the aerial predators did not take any actions until early February. Through repeated raiding, the birds were able to open a hole on the wasp nest. This allowed the zoo staff to observe these birds as they hunt down the prey.The oriental honey buzzards (Pernis Ptilorhynchus) feed on bees and wasps of all stages, as well as the honeycomb. The birds scale-like feathers on the head help to fend off the harmful stings of insects, while their powerful claws tear apart wasp nests with ease.Experts pointed out that in Taiwan, there are honey buzzards with migratory and residential lifestyles. Those adopting residential lifestyle limit their migratory route to within the island, traveling between northern Taiwan and southern Taiwan. The first flock to reside on the island dates back to the period between 1970 and 1990, coinciding with the heydays of Taiwans beekeeping industry.
During the tea session celebrating the founding of Music Creators Union (MCU) on March 9, Mayor Ko Wen-je expressed his hope that the organization will help the island retake the leading position in Asian pop music.Ko remarked that this is the first union consisting of members from artistic organizations formed since the beginning of his administration. He stressed that he encourages workers of arts and literature to establish professional organizations or unions, since this will help communications and facilitate resolution of issues such as labor and medical insurances. Noting that this is one of the reasons why he chose Ni Chung-hwa as the commissioner of the Department of Cultural Affairs, the mayor hopes that MCU will serve as a bridge between the city government and music industries, conveying opinions and suggestions on related city policies.He pointed out that progress is being made on plans for the establishment of Taipei Pop Music Center. In the future, the city government will discuss details of the project with the Ministry of Culture to work out ways to improve the implementation of the project.The mayor also mentioned the legality and possible regulation adjustments regarding live houses. He believes that the government should do more in bringing people closer to music. Like the nurturing process of baseball talents spanning little league to professional baseball, the upbringing of music talents also requires adequate room and stage. Practical development of live houses will help to nurture musicians. More importantly, the city government will also provide support to music creators financially, allowing them to receive their due rewards. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a thank-you concert marking International Womens Day and celebrating the first anniversary of the citys Gender Equality Office on March 8. The concert event was co-organized by the city government and Century Music Foundation.  During the event, womens rights groups advocated for better policies on issues such as public babysitting service prevention against domestic violence after school care home security for women living alone workplace gender equality subsidies for long-term care taking care of children with special needs womens re-employment, birth incentives, and matchmaking service. Ko paid tribute to women who have made great contributions to society, be it career women or housewives. He pledged that the city government will exert its utmost effort to answer the demands of womens rights advocates. The mayor also took the opportunity to apologize over his recent remarks of imported foreign spouses. He stressed that it was an unintentional gaffe and he didnt mean any harm. He added that he does not discriminate against new immigrants and takes the issue seriously.   
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended a press conference for a new book written by former Control Yuan member Huang Huang-hsiung on March 7. During his address, the mayor remarked that the book he read and reread the most is the Romance of the Three Kingdoms. Having encountered the work for the first time during his high school years, Ko would pick up the book and read it again when he has time.  Ko pointed out that he enjoys the Romance of the Three Kingdoms a lot and reads it like a script. He noted that the novel is a work that conveys messages of political wisdom.The mayor also noted that Huang, the author of the new book, is one of the more well-read political figures. Citing the popularity of the Internet among the younger generation, he remarked that shorter articles on facebook receive more likes, showing the decline in reading ability among youth for works comprising large volumes.  He suggests that readers should contemplate as they read, encouraging them to read between the lines. He noted that the same book will have different meanings for different readers. The mayor also joked that Huangs handwriting can be a little hard to read at times, suggesting that the author should publish a digital version for easier reading. 
Taipei Mayor Ko Wen-je joined New Taipei Mayor Eric Chu in releasing sky lanterns on February 5 in Pingxi.The two leaders wrote down their well wishes on the huge paper lantern, praying for a smooth year for the island and looking forward to closer cooperation ties between the two cities. The device then took off to the sky to herald a new beginning for the Greater Taipei.     Prior to the lantern-releasing ceremony, the two mayors attended a meeting to hammer out plans for future collaboration between the two metropolises. Conclusions have been reached to push ahead with policies with regard to mortuary services, wholesale markets, tourism, sewage treatment, school lunch program, among others. Chu added that details of the aforementioned issues will be discussed by competent authorities under respective governments.    Concerning the use of the athlete village for 2017 Universiade after the sports event comes to an end, Chu pointed out that Taipei will be allocated 1,600 housing units while New Taipei will receive 1,800 units. The two municipalities plan to establish a joint company to operate rental business, giving priority to youths dwelling in the Greater Taipei.     
To promote a low-carbon, sustainable environment for the residents, Beitou Refuse Incineration Plant will be giving away free tree seedlings 9AM to noon 12 on March 7 at the square in front of its swimming pool.A kit contains a sapling, a bottle of homemade liquid fertilizer developed by the plant, and a pack of regenerated soil from the citys landfills. Interested individuals can bring any of the following items to exchange it for a kit: 10 waste batteries (type No.1 or 2), 20 waste batteries (type No.3), used discs, or 5 second-hand reference books. There are 500 sets available.According to Environmental Protection Commissioner Liou Ming-long, planting trees will help green the environment, retain water, and bring positive change to the climate. A 20-year-old tree can absorb carbon dioxide at a rate of 11 to 18 kilograms per year. Afforestation effort will greatly contribute to the mitigation of global warming. Beitou Refuse Incineration Plant hopes that the event will raise awareness on the importance of garbage recycling while serving to beautify our living environment. The first 30 people to line up for the seedling kit will receive a special gift.For more information, please dial (02)2832-7474.
To coincide with International Womens Day and the first anniversary of Gender Equality Office of Taipei, the city government is holding a series of events in collaboration with private organizations.    The opening ceremony will kick off 7 PM on March 5 at Nanjichang Community care center with the screening of The Golden Child to mark the start of a community cinema tour. Director Chou She-wei will lead a discussion session on the movie, which is about new immigrant families bounded by traditional family values, and took the opportunity to introduce the concept of gender consciousness.    Between March 6 and 7, a public forum on gender issues will take place at the International Conference Hall at National Taiwan University Institute of Applied Mechanics, featuring topics of employment, welfare, demography, marriage, family, media, culture, health, safety, energy, and technology. The mayor will lead city government officials to address these issues and use the conclusions of the discussions as reference for drafting related policies. Sign up for the event: http://goo.gl/ssVSxh (Chinese)    Starting 2:30PM on March 8, a concert devoted to women will be held at the lobby of City Hall organized by Century Music Foundation. Performers include Moms Percussion, Bird and Water Dance Ensemble, Daguan Chinese Music Orchestra, Taipei Century Symphony Orchestra, and others.  The Department of Social Welfare invites individuals who care about gender equality issues to get involved and voice their opinions. For more information on the event, please dial 1999, ext. 6969-6971.   
An impressive curriculum vitae and good interview skills are key to securing the job you want! To assist youths to start a successful career, Taipei Youth Salon (TYS) is launching a two-phase theme week event to be timed with the job fairs held by OKWORK. Between March 3 and 8, TYS will invite professional consultants to provide one-on-one tutoring on how to write a good resume that best illustrates the strengths and merits of the job seeker. The second week, from March 10 through 15, will focus on preparing participants for delivering powerful interview performances through simulations where they can acquire proper savoir-faire and learn about workplace ethics as well as tips to answer questions smartly.       Students or unemployed individuals are also welcome to visit the job fair at Taipei Expo Park, 10 AM on March 21.To sign up for the theme week event, please visit the TYS website at http://tys.okwork.gov.tw/ (Chinese). You can also like the Facebook fan page of Taipei Youth Salon, or dial 02-2395-8567 for more information. 
The Department of Information Technology (DOIT) is holding a raffle to promote Taipei Card services between March 3 and 23. Individuals who take part in the activity will have a chance to bring home great prizes including Giant folding bicycles, ASUS laptops, smart wristbands, HTC RE cameras, and many more!The activity comprises two parts. In the first part, participants will be asked to complete a questionnaire with questions related to Taipei Card, aimed to introduce the service a broader audience. The second part requires participants to upload a picture and leave a message containing words with regard to Taipei Card. Individuals who wish to take part in either part of the activity must log in with their Facebook accounts. DOIT noted that Taipei Card, issued by Taipei City Government, is a multi-purpose smart card integrating a variety of services. Taipei Card holders will be able to access all kinds of municipal services easily and enjoy point redemption activities as well as preferential offers for cultural events.Residents are welcome to apply for Taipei Card services at 12 district offices, health centers and Taipei City Hospital branches or through the official website http://card.taipei.gov.tw (Chinese)For details of the raffle, please visit the activity website at http://event.taipei (Chinese).
Mayor Ko Wen-je vowed to build 25,000 public housing units in Taipei within four years, in an effort to protect peoples fundamental right to housing. He made the remarks during a meeting with borough chiefs of Daan District on March 4.According to Ko, the capital has approximately 1 million residential units, at least 5% of which should be dedicated to rental public housing to effectively address the soaring house prices. That would translate to 50,000 public dwellings.   He stressed that the city government will do its best to ensure that youths can afford to live in Taipei despite their not being able purchase an apartment of their ownan essential part of his political ideals.    Ko pointed out that there are challenges ahead to construct more rental-only residential sites as most of the citys vacant land is owned by the central government. He stated that negotiations are currently underway to secure land for the public housing program.    
The American media BuzzFeed has ranked Taipei as one of the 53 Beautiful Cities Everyone Should Visit At Least Once in a recent news release.According to the Information and Tourism Commissioner Chien Yu-yen, the report indicated that Taipei has established a good reputation in the eyes of foreigners. The capital boasts a diverse and inclusive culture, is traditional yet modern at the same time, and possesses a kind of beauty that is characterized as both grandiose and modest.   A metropolis known for its friendliness and hospitality, Taipei will host the 2017 Universiade, when its enthusiasm for sports will be fully played out on the international stage.Chien noted that Taipei caters to travelers who seek to explore the rich cultural heritage or wish to indulge themselves in abundant resources of natural attractions, such as Yangmingshan, Maokong, Beitou hot springs, and the Blue Highway. Taipei also scores high in the fields of cuisine and transportation, for example its night market snacks which garnered CNN coverage and the YouBike bike rental system that has received positive reviews by travel magazine Global Traveler.  Chien remarked that the tourism agency will continue to mount campaigns to market Taipei--taking advantage of convenient online platforms as well as communications systemswith a view to luring an increasing number of tourists to visit the city. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je joined Labor Commissioner Lai Hsiang-lin to announce the introduction of expert auditors to the Citys labor inspection system in a press conference on February 3. The new measure will see expert auditors, experienced and specialized in particular industries, accompany city government officials to conduct labor inspections. They will examine the working conditions among other labor standards and provide professional opinions, an approach aimed to help safeguard laborers rights.   Ko pointed out that the action is yet another step to fulfill his political promise of public participation. With the objective of improving working conditions, the new measure will be adjusted after taking account of public feedback. The first wave of labor inspections that involve expert auditors will be targeting the 31 mass media corporations registered in Taipei. Lai noted that the checks are expected to be completed by mid April. She also ensures the public that for complaints filed anonymously on labor issues, the city government will keep the identity of the informants secret. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over an information session on the Citys social welfare programs for 2015 in the form of Civil Caf on February 26, in line with his commitment to promoting participatory democracy and drawing upon the wisdom from citizens through holding public conferences.According to Ko, the City has set aside a budget of NT$168 billion for social welfare, accounting for one tenth of the Citys total budget. With such a huge proportion of budget earmarked to push ahead with social programs, he noted that the resources must be invested in an effective manner and on efforts to truly meet peoples needs. In light of this, Ko remarked that the Civil Caf served as a platform for the public members to express their opinions, point out the problems, and propose solutions from the bottom up. The meeting also saw officials from the Department of Social Welfare play the role as host and recorders of the discussions, giving them an opportunity to engage and mobilize private sector sources for the public good. Addressing other social welfare issues in a media session following the event, Ko talked about the importance of setting reasonable salary standards for certified baby-sitters. He also made a case for freeing up public spaces to establish more child care centers to be operated by private businesses. 
Mayor drank water from a mobile drinking fountain at Taipei Expo Park on February 27 accompanied by his wife and Taipei Water Department (TWD) Commissioner Chen Jiin-shyang, in a move to vouch for the quality of Taipeis drinkable tap water. Citing the remarks of Taipei Computer Association president Tung Tsu-hsien, Ko believed that a civilized city should provide the three basic services for residentssafe drinking water, access to toilets, and wireless internet connections.In fact, Ko noted, Taipei boasts tap water that meets the water quality potability standards. Apart from some water pipes which need replacing, most tap water sources in Taipei are safe to drink. Ko stated that the City is working to design a QR Code offering information on spots where residents or visitors will be able to find safe drinking water using their mobile devices. Upholding the spirit of environmental protection, he reckoned that the city government will increase readily available drinking water facilities in the hope of reducing the use of bottled water. TWD Commissioner added that the quality of Taipeis tap water, under strict surveillance, has already reached a level on a par with that that of advanced western countries and Japan. Individuals who visit the 2015 Taipei Lantern Festival at Taipei Expo Park are welcome to utilize the drinking water fountains. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je gave the following instructions after briefed by agencies on the citys public safety on February 25.Regarding rampant sex trade activities in the citys illegal massage parlors, the mayor demanded a wider crackdown on these premises. Office of Commerce was also asked to submit proposals to amend related regulations, following consultation with other agencies, to provide the legal basis for enforcing the clampdown. Making a case for efficient rescue operations, Ko stressed that there should be enough space for the citys narrow lanes and alleys to allow fire engines to enter. If any borough chiefs or city councilors are against drawing red markings on these roads to prohibit parking, they will be asked to sign an official document holding them responsible should fire trucks fail to access the area in question in the event of an emergency. Fire Department will complete the drafting of the plan in two weeks.Ko reckoned that administrative effectiveness can be improved with the implementation of a fair reward and punishment mechanism. He will spend six months reviewing the achievement of every department and agency under Taipei City Government. He emphasized that change can happen to the island starting with the capital city. A flawed system should be rectified and the government should always re-examine its policies and actions to change for the better. 
The Department of Information and Tourism (TPEDOIT) is holding the Plan your own trip in Taipei event to discover more fun ways to travel in the city. Individuals are invited to submit their suggestions on how to spend a day in Taipei that allow people to feel the vibes and charisma of the city.  To promote the event, TPEDOIT invited travel bloggers to share their stories, the most unforgettable and touching moments about Taipei, and take the public on an exploration of the city from the perspective of love, cuisine, urban life, music, humanity, and ecology. The special guests include Kenworker, gourmand Danny Wen, nature writer Liu Ka-shiang, cellist Chang Chen-chieh, among others.The suggestions should be expressed in a 1,000-word essay. Pictures or illustrations are also welcome to complement the article. Works submission period runs between February 25 (9AM) and March 19 (23:59PM). Prizes can be as enticing as an iPhone 6!The works will be evaluated in two stages. First a panel of judge comprising three bloggers will select ten works to enter the second stage, when an online vote by the public will determine who the winner is from the shortlisted candidates. The vote will be conducted from March 25 through April 6.For more information about the event, please visit the activity website (http://www.xinmedia.com/event/2015tpecity_travel). Inquiries can also be made at (02)8793-9275 (Ms. Lin) or 0918-626173 (Ms. Yang).
"Taipei Zoo is one of the best places for family to visit during the Chinese New Year holiday and winter vacation. As an ambassador of conservation, Yuan Zai the panda is inviting everyone to participate in a raffle held by Taipei Zoo. By taking a photograph with goat elements and upload it to the activity website between February 16 and March 8, participatns have a chance to win goat-themed souvenirs!Organizer: Taipei ZooSteps to enter the raffle:1.	Take a photograph with animals, vegetables, objects, words, or specimen that bear the Chinese character (goat) inside Taipei Zoo.2.	Visit the Chinese website http://fv38.com/97514, log in with your Facebook account, and follow the instructions to upload the photograph.3.	Share the raffle activity with friends on Facebook. 4.	Follow the instructions to fill in the information of your name, gender, age, E-mail, phone number, postal codes, and address.5.	Click the Enter raffle icon and winners will receive a special gift.Photo upload period: From February 16 (Monday 9:00 AM) to March 8 (Sunday 5:00 PM)Draw date: March 9 (Monday)Draw results announcement date: March 18 (Wednesday)"
Mayor Ko Wen-je attended an event to mark the traditional Work Resumption Dayon the LunarYear calendar at Guanghua Digital Plaza on February 23. He joined Guanghua Digital Plaza Development Association representatives in giving away fortune money to wish everyone a prosperous year. The event was held with great fanfare, featuring drum performances, lion dances, and blessing masked dances. On top of that, the organizer also invited anime characters from Pili Glove Puppetry to stage a show in celebration of the Year of the Goat.Concerned about the development of Taipei Akihabara--which will incorporate Guanghua Digital Plaza and Taipei Information Park--Ko noted that the city government will publish the blueprint for the project within two weeks after the Lunar New Year Holiday. The City will seek to integrate nearby commercial districts with the IT Park, unlocking the potential of Taipei as a hub on the island for the development of information technology and animation related products. The mayor added that funds have been secured to push ahead with the project. He has instructed Department of Economic Development and Department of Finance to look into the details and promised significant progress to be made in the coming year.  
To ensure good parking order around tourist attractions and commercial hubs, Taipei City Parking Management and Development Office announced that parking on roadside parking spaces of the following places will be charged over the long weekend from February 27 (Friday) through March 1 (Sunday).These locations include Ximen Commercial District, Guanghua Commercial District, Miramar Commercial District, Taipei Zoo, Shilin tourist spots (i.e. Shilin Official Residentiale and Taipei Childrens Amusement Park) as well as areas around National Palace Museum, Donghu Market, Taipei Confucius Temple, Jianguo Jade and Flower Market, riverside parks, Huannan Market, Taipei City Hall, Tamsui River water gates No.3 and No.5, etc.    No fee will be charged for parking on other roadside parking spaces in the city.Fees will still be charged during this period in parking towers, underground parking lots, and parking lots governed by Taipei City Parking Management and Development Office (including 71 parking parks commissioned by the agency to be operated by the private sector). Taipei City Parking Management and Development Office reminds residents to pay parking tickets by the deadline. For inquiry on parking fee issue, please dial 02-27269600 or visit the agencys Chinese website www.pma.gov.taipei   
Mayor Ko Wen-je launched the Slogan, Logo and Mascot Design Competition for 2017 Universiade on February 16.The mayor noted that the opportunity to host the international sports event is significant both for Taipei and Taiwan. The competition signifies a start of the city governments effort to drums up the momentum from across the island for the World University Games.     Ko reckoned that the contest seeks to establish connections between local society and the 2017 Universiade, leaving a lasting impression on participating athletes. With the top prize as attractive as NT$400,000, the organizers hope to bring out the best talent and inject vitality into the event. The theme of the design contest is TaipeiA City with Sporty Lifestyle. Submission works must present the uniqueness of Taipei and emphasize the spirit of public participation, while promoting cultural exchange. The slogan words should include both Chinese and English. The logo should be designed based on the English letter U that denotes Universiade. The mascot should be created with concepts corresponding with the theme of 2017 Universiade.Note: Submissions must contain designs of 2017 Universiade slogan, logo, and mascot. A submission will be declared unqualified if any of the three elements is missing.  The entry deadline is 23:59 PM, March 15 (Taipei Time). For more information on the contest, please visit the Chinese website of 2017 Universiade: http://www.taipei2017.com.tw/ 
Mayor Ko Wen-je set out his vision for the citys social welfare services in 2015 during a press event for New Year Dishes Delivery on February 16. During his address, Ko noted that the Department of Social Welfare holds the meaningful event every year to deliver free New Year dishes to the needed in collaboration with private organizations.He expressed his gratitude to volunteers and groups involved in the event, noting that the special delivery service resonates with his political philosophy of open government, public participation. Stressing that social work cannot be undertaken by a single agency alone, he lauded all the sponsors whose deeds have warmed the hearts of the receivers.According to Ko, the implementation of infrastructure is a relatively easier part in city administration. Building public housing, for example, is all about construction. The process, however, involves communication with the Executive Yuan, National Property Administration, the military, and residents in the neighborhood, not to mention the follow-up work to be donesuch as establishing facilities inside the public housing complexes.The mayor reckoned that the government has been investing too much on infrastructure, but has done too little to improve civic services. He believes that the ultimate vision for the citys social welfare services lies in the incorporation of private sources, employing the idea of social enterprise. The New Year Dishes Delivery also served as a reminder for the city government to work out better ways to improve the citys social welfare system, Ko remarked. 
Mayor Ko Wen-je joined his wife Peggy Chen in activating the lights at the Regent Taipei plaza on Valentines Day to mark the first in a series of events for the 2015 Taipei Lantern Festival. The event also featured 104 couples who joined the mayor in filling a heart-shaped board with LED candles. Ko wished every attending couple a Happy Valentines Day.Ko noted that the theme for the event--Love and Embrace--echoes the slogan on his campaign trailEmbrace with Love Let the Walls Fall Down. He wished every couple in the world could realize what love truly means and learn to cherish their loved ones.Asked by the media if the mayor has ever taken her to the citys lantern festivals, Chen said she could only recall memories of her bringing kids to the events without the company of her husband. Amusingly, Chen added that as she usually spends Valentines Day with her children, she can hardly recall if Ko has ever brought her any Valentines Day gifts.2015 Taipei Lantern Festival is taking place between February 27 and March 8 at Taipei Expo Park. The Love and Embrace lights exhibition area spans 2.25 kilometers, covering section 2 and 3 on Zhongshan North Road.
The Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) announced adjustments of opening hours for its affiliated facilities during the Chinese New Year Holiday.The heated swimming pools at the citys incineration plants--serving to give back to the community--will be closed starting February 18 (Chinese New Years Eve) and resume service on February 24.Apart from that, Fudekeng Restoration Park and Shanshuilu Ecological Park are operating normally during the holiday. To offer visitors more recreational options, grass skiing activity will also be made available from February 21 to 23 at the two venues. According to DEP, the swimming facilities can be found at Neihu, Muzha, and Beitou refuse incineration plants as well as Sanzhuku Sanitary Landfill. These amenities are free of charge for residents living in respective neighborhoods residents from other areas can pay to use them.These swimming pools will be closed on Monday for maintenance. DEP encourages visitors to pay for the services of the aforementioned facilities with EasyCard.  The contact number for the facilities are as follows:Neihu Refuse Incineration Plant: 2796-1833, ext. 263/264Muzha Refuse Incineration Plant: 2239-5494, ext. 9Beitou Refuse Incineration Plant: 2836-0050, ext. 605Sanzhuku Sanitary Landfill: 2651-1434, ext. 102Shanshuilu Ecological Park: 2651-4865Fudekeng Restoration Park: 8230-1969
Taipei City Government will increase fixed pick-up locations and free parking space across the city for taxis. Mayor Ko Wen-je made the announcement during a press event on February 12.A total of 4,000 parking spaces in 93 parking towers and outdoor parking lots will be freed up for cabs. Among them, 65 spots provide mobile communication services.According to Ko, the new initiative aims to address the situation where empty taxis run on the streets, wasting gas while increasing the burden on the citys transportation. Acknowledging that it is impossible to prohibit drivers from picking up roadside passengers, he noted that the measure will help deal with the issue step by step with two approaches. The first step is to improve the working conditions for cabbies by extending the free parking time from 30 minutes currently to an hour and providing more parking space, allowing drivers to rest well when not in service. The second approach will be to press for booking cabs through the internet instead of hailing cabs on the road, a method which will increase operational efficiency of taxi service.      The mayor has also instructed the Department of Transportation to devise a Smart Taxi plan, making sure every cab is fitted with a phone and internet connections. The agency will also work out a method to calculate the number of taxis in each district, the figures of which will serve as reference in determining designated pick-up locations. 
Source: Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation During the 2015 Chinese New Year holiday (February 18 to 23), Taipei Metro will run its service in holiday mode and add more trains to its operations in order to avoid over-crowding. Passengers are also allowed to travel by the High-Capacity Metro System with their bicycles during this period (excluding Tamsui Station, Taipei Main Station, Daan Station, Zhongxiao Fuxing Station, Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center Station, and Nanjing Fuxing Station). The operation adjustments for Taipei Metro, Taipei Childrens Amusement Park (TCAP), Maokong Gondola, Taipei Arena Ice Land, Beitou Resort (including the Interactive Emergency Evacuation Exhibition Center), Lost and Found Service Center, and Taipei Metro Souvenir Shop during the 2015 Chinese New Year period are as follows:1. Taipei Metro:(1) High-Capacity System: The average headway is about 5~10 minutes and about 12~15 minutes after 23:00.(2) Medium-Capacity System: The average headway for the Wenhu Line is about 4~7 minutes, and about 12~15 minutes after 23:00.2. The Taipei Childrens Amusement Park will suspend its service on February 18 (Chinese New Year's Eve), and will resume service on February 19. The service hours are 09:00 to 18:00 from February 19 to 23.3. The Maokong Gondola will suspend its service on February 18 (Chinese New Year's Eve) for maintenance, and will resume service on February 19. The service hours are 08:30 to 22:00 from February 19 to 22, and 08:30 to 21:00 on February 23. Visitors are welcomed to take the gondola to visit the mountainous Maokong area during the holidays.4. The Taipei Arena Ice Land will suspend its service on February 18 (Chinese New Year's Eve), and will resume service on February 19. The service hours are 09:00 to 21:00.5. The Beitou Resort will suspend its service from February 18 to 21, and will resume service on February 22. The service hours are 09:00 to 22:00.6. Interactive Emergency Evacuation Exhibition Center will suspend its service for the entire Chinese New Year Holiday (February 18 to 23). 7. The Lost and Found Service Center will suspend its service from February 18 to 22, and will resume service on February 23. The service hours are 12:00 to 20:00.8. The Taipei Metro Souvenir Shop at Taipei Main Station will suspend its service on February 18 (Chinese New Year's Eve), and will resume service on February 19. The service hours are 11:00 to 19:00 from February 19 to 21, and 10:00 to 22:00 starting February 22.For more details, please call Taipei Metros 24-hour Customer Service: 886-2-21812345 or the 886-2-27208889 Citizen Hotline, Taipei City Government.
Mayor Ko Wen-je announced that Chou Li-fang will be appointed as the third deputy mayor of Taipei City Government on February 11. Chou is currently the professor of Department of Public Finance, National Chengchi University.  Chou stood out from a list of 56 qualified candidates in a public recruitment process. Three finalists were selected by an 8-member nomination committee from the pool of candidates. After receiving the list of nominees from the committee, the Mayors Office scheduled interviews with individual candidates before deciding on Chou.  According to Ko, Chou has an impressive educational background and professional experience, citing her stints as Dean of NCCU Office of Research and Development as well as Vice President of Bureau of National Health Insurance. She will be supervising the Department of Culture and Department of Sports, which are gearing up to host the international events of 2016 World Design Capital and 2017 Universiade respectively. Ko noted that the city government will announce the person who will become the chief executive officer for the 2017 sports event soon after discussions with Chou.  He vouched for the capabilities of the new deputy mayor to take the helm of important post, believing that Chous experience in financial affairs and management will equip her with what is needed to oversee the implementation of the complex projects. 
Tired of stuck in traffic jam when making a long journey during the Chinese New Year holiday? Hydraulic Engineering Office (HEO) recommends those who wish to indulge themselves in recreational activities without the hassle of traffic to visit the citys riverside parks. For photo-taking enthusiasts, Guting Riverside Park makes the perfect choice as it boasts a rich profusion of colorful flowers and art installations. To get a taste of romance, you wouldnt want to miss out on the Rainbow Bridge Park which is set against a backdrop of love-themed structures. Huazhong Riverside Park, on the other hand, is known for its characteristics as a camping site and ideal for those who find it difficult to book a hotel room. Individuals can have fun with their family and friends in a bonfire party on a starry night.   In the proximity of MRT Yuanshan Station, Dajia Riverside Park allows visitors to make a stop before heading for nearby tourist attractions such as Taipei Expo Park, Taipei Story House, and Taipei Fine Arts Museum. Other recommendations include Guandu Riverside Park allowing for bird watching and cycling along Tamsui River Shezi Island wetlands which features a diverse ecosystem and Daonan Riverside Park which boasts the citys first remote control race car track and is accessible by biking after alighting at MRT Taipei Zoo Station.For more information about the riverside parks, please visit the following Chinese websites:http://www.ukan.com.tw/3introduction.htmlhttps://zh-tw.facebook.com/TaipeiRiversideParkhttp://riversidepark.taipei/ecoriverside/http://heo.gov.taipei/np.asp?ctNode=7312&mp=106031
The Department of Urban Development (UDD) announced that the citys urban regeneration stations (URS) will be closed during the Chinese New Year starting February 18.According to Urban Regeneration Office (URO), the City has established eight bases under URS Village to breathe life into communities by offering a platform for a variety of events that encourage creative thinking and open participation. Upholding the spirit of Soft Urbanism, the agency seeks to transform Taipei into a dynamic, forward-looking metropolis.     The eight venues include URS23 Tianmu White House, URS27 Huashan Grand Green, URS27W Film Range, URS44 Dadaocheng Story House, URS155 Cooking Together, URS329 Rice & Shine, URS27M Mountain Forum, and URS127 Art Factory.Apart from URS27 Huashan Grand Green, a public open space, the other seven URS venues will close for the New Year and resume business on February 24.To learn more about the URS Village or upcoming and past events, please visit http://www.urstaipei.net/en/ 
"In preparation for the large number of fresh produce shoppers stocking up for the upcoming Chinese New Year holiday, the Zhongshan Police Precinct will be implementing the following traffic control measures to ensure smooth traffic flow in the vicinity of the market.I.	Street Bazaar Location: Lane 410 on Minzu E. Road and Alley 2 on Minzu E. Road (entire alley)II.	Street Bazaar Period: Feb. 11  18, 2015III.	Traffic Control Measures:A.	Closed Roads: Lane 410, Minzu E. Road (from Alley 2, Lane 410, Minzu E. Road to Wuchang Street)B.	Areas with Implemented Measures:1.	The zone of traffic control measures implementation is west of Longjiang Road east of Lane 113, Jianguo N. Road Section 3 south of Minzu e. Road and north of Wuchang Street (road not included for all aforementioned)2.	U-turning prohibited at intersection of Lane 410 on Minzu E. Road for eastbound traffic. Drivers must continue to Longjiang Road intersection to U-turn.3.	Only east-west traffic allowed for all alleys on Lane 410 of Minzu E. Road.C.	Control of Roadside Parking:1.	Roadside parking space for cars replaced with parking space for motorcycles along the south side of Wuchang Street (between Jianguo N. Road Section 3 intersection and Lane 410, Minzu E. Road intersection)2.	Motorcycle parking allowed on the pedestrian walkway located on the west side of Lane 410, Minzu E. Road3.	Pedestrian walkway along Alley 2, Lane 410, Minzu E. Road is not open to motorcycle parking the taxi-boarding space and two roadside car parking spaces on the north side will be replaced by motorcycle parking spacesD.	Road Sections with Enforced Citation and Tow-away1.	Minzu E. Road (between Lane 113, Jianguo N. Road intersection and Longjiang Road intersection)2.	Lane 113, Jianguo N. Road3.	Lane 410, Minzu E. Road and the entire Alley 2 of Lane 410, Minzu E. Road4.	Wuchang Street5.	Longjiang Street6.	Jianguo N. Road (between Minzu E. Road intersection and Wuchang Street intersection)Zhongshan Police Precinct reminds shoppers to take public transportation to Rongbin CNY Street Bazaar to avoid the hassle of traffic congestion and finding parking space. City bus 542 will have more frequent services during this period, with stops at MRT Yuanshan Station and MRT Zhongshan Junior High School Station."
At the invitation of Tainan City Mayor Lai Ching-te, Mayor Ko Wen-je graced a book launch event to promote the title penned by his counterpart on February 6. The publication is based on Lais experience in city administration.Having penned a prologue for the book, Ko noted that he has read the work thoroughly, coming to the conclusion that Diligence is all that matters.Citing Tainan City Governments precision in determining whether to cancel work and classes when typhoons land, Ko remarked that the rationale of the decision lies not in luck, but in the administrations industriousness and quickness. He joked that Taipei may have to adjust the time it makes such announcement to make better calls  maybe even to the wee hours on the affected day.Both hailing from the field of medicine, Ko reckoned that he will seek the advice of Lai on how to switch from a surgeons mindset to that of a mayors. He added that he still has a lot to learn, such as being more prudent on word choices when speaking to the media.Asked if his prologue will help boost the sales of the new book, Ko humorously replied that the incentive for him was nothing more than the opportunity to read a book for free. The administrative experience shared by the author, however, will serve as a source of reference for the capital, Ko noted.  
To herald in the New Year, Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation will be introducing new designated stamps for all 116 MRT stations starting February 11! Following the success of commemorative stamps for the opening of Xinyi Line and Songshan Line, the company decided to provide unique stamps for all MRT stations  each custom-designed to bring out the characteristics of the respective localities. The current commemorative stamps at all stations along the same MRT lines (with the exception of Xinyi and Songshan lines) look identical and lack variety. The new localized stamps will replace the existing stamps commemorating the opening of MRT lines and strengthen the individuality of each MRT station.To help travelers collect the station stamps, TRTC also offers newly-designed stamp collection books coming in five different colors and styles. The first wave of 2,500 books (500 copies of each version) will be available starting February 11 at the Metro Souvenir Shop at Taipei Main Station and the information counters of the following MRT stations: Tamsui, Jiantan, Taipei Zoo, Taipei 101/World Trade Center, Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall, Minquan W. Road, Zhongshan, Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall, Dongmen, Daan, Nanjing Fuxing, Songjiang Nanjing, Ximen, Guting, Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center, Zhongxiao Fuxing, and Zhongxiao Xinsheng. Each of these pocket-sized stamp collection book is priced at NT$80. In addition, TRTC has also introduced the MRT stamp rally edition travelers notebook. The limited version notebook with leather cover is designed with a retro-style appearence and is available at the Metro Souvenir Shop. 
Staff from the departments of civil affairs, health, social welfare, and the Mortuary Service Office (MSO) will assist TransAsia Airways and surviving family members of crash victims to organize the seventh-day memorial service on February 9.The vigil will take place at the MSO Second Funeral Parlor from 8 PM to 11 PM on February 9. The memorial services will continue on February 10 starting at 10:30 AM, with the joint public memorial ceremony to take place from 3 PM to 4 PM.The city government is expected to mobilize over 100 staff members from agencies to assist in the preparation and execution of the event. Buddhist monks from Fo Guang Shan will conduct the ritual chants, and volunteers from Tzu Chi Foundation and other non-governmental organizations will also help in the organization of the memorial service. The Department of Civil Affairs remarked that MSO initiated standard operation procedures immediately after receiving reports on the TransAsia crash on February 4. Staff members provided support in areas ranging from comforting surviving family members to conducting cremation. 
In light of the approaching Chinese New Year holiday, Taipei City Government launched the 2015 Spring Safety Operation at 10 PM on February 8. The 20-day-long operation will strengthen safety measures for residents to ensure a peaceful Chinese New Year period in Taipei.After a briefing session on the operation at the Xinyi Precinct of Taipei City Police Department, Mayor Ko Wen-je presided over a press conference attended by police officers, volunteers, neighborhood watch members, and personnel taking part in the operations. Ko stressed that maintaining security is a duty that lasts 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and 365 days a year it is not something limited only to the period around Chinese New Year. He encourages participants to view the Spring Safety Operation as an annual exercise to make residents have more confidence about the Citys capabilities in maintaining security. The mayor noted that after listening to the report by Police Commissioner Chiu Feng-kuang, he is confident in Taipeis safety and security, citing statistics such as a decline in violent crimes and clear-up rate of major crimes hitting 100-percent. However, he stressed that there is still room for improvement, especially prevention in areas such as drugs, drunk-driving, and fraud. Stressing that the maintenance of Taipeis safety environment is not the responsibility of the police force only, but something that requires input from the society, he hopes that city agencies can work with non-governmental organizations and treat the operation as an annual exercise to find out how they can make it better. He also wished the audience an early Happy Chinese New Year. 
"In the wake of the TransAsia Airways plane crash, the Department of Health (DOH) announced that the Taipei City Hospital Songde Branch will provide a 24-hour hotline that helps individuals cope with the emotional aftermath of the traumatic event.If you feel disturbed and troubled by the tragedy, please dial 1999, extension 2521. The service will continue until the end of April. According to DOH, the impact of natural disasters or incidents could lead to post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). The disorder may trigger physical or emotional reactions, such as fatigue, headache, chest tightness, poor appetite, anxiety, irritability, compunction, feeling jumpy, re-experiencing the event (flashbacks, upsetting memories), shedding tears nonstop, lost of interest in activities, etc.  DOH advises individuals to heed the following tips should they exhibit any of PTSD symptoms:  	Try to return to normal life (e.g. take meals regularly).	Accept your emotional reactions caused by the trauma and acknowledge they are only natural.	Do not expose yourself to related news or information. Seek family support and learn not to compress your feelings.	Engage in activities that help you relax, both mentally and physically.	Avoid staying home the whole day. Seek the company of friends."
The 2015 Beitou Tankan Orange Festival main event will kick off at Beitou Park on February 7. The opening ceremony will feature raffles, spring couplets giveaway, games, hands-on activities, and recitals. The organizers invite the public to join the fun!  Starting 2PM, individuals who obtain a lottery ticket at the information counter and collect stamps at stalls in the park will receive a key ring and be eligible to participate in the raffle, promising prizes of a bag of tankan oranges and Beitou-themed mini satchels.  As befitting the Chinese New Year Festival, lucky visitors will have a chance of bringing home free spring couplets. Other highlights of the event include ring toss game, taking photos with tankan mascots, pounding mochi, making exotic delicacies, percussion experience, and more. The event will culminate in a Yueqin recital presented by Chen Ming-chang at 7 PM.   Following the main event, individuals can sign up for a tankan orange picking activity at any of the participating farms between February 19 and March 19. For more information, please refer to the official website at http://www.beitou-arts.taipei.gov.tw/ (Chinese).   
Having had enough of the greasy traditional dishes at the Lunar New Year banquet? To mark the 20th anniversary of Chinese New Year Street Bazaar, the city government has launched the Dadaocheng Street Kitchen for the first time! The Dadaocheng Street Kitchen is a program inviting chefs to demonstrate how to cook unconventional New Year dishes with innovative recipes!Jol Chen, host of a cooking show on TLC, kicked off the series of events on Dihua Street on February 4. He shared with the audience some tips on preparing delicacies with exotic flavors, an example being a creative interpretation of the way mullet roe is served. By seasoning the roe with spices and broiling it along with an assortment of seafood, the Taiwanese delicacy has been transformed into a fusion entre looking chic and delectable.    The Taipei City Office of Commerce (TCCOC) noted that the Dadaocheng Street Kitchen program comprises four free cooking demonstrations between February 4 and 17, featuring culinary themes spanning healthiness, reunion, and love. TCCOC invites the public to sign up for the activities, joining the chefs to experience the fun of cooking while exerting their creativity. Registration information can be found at the official website of the 2015 CNY Street Bazaar http://www.2015taipeinewyear.com.tw/ (Chinese).
"A TransAsia Airway flight crashed in the vicinity of Jingmao Second Road in Nangang District near noon on February 4.Arriving at the site of the plane crash, the emergency response task force led by Deputy Mayor Teng Chia-ji began work on search and rescue operations. A decision was reached to dismantle the Kee-1 floodgate to allow access of large-size rescue vehicles and equipment to the riverbank. Floodgate removal was completed at 8 PM.Through the use of two 400-ton truck cranes, the rescue workers were able to retrieve the tail and the central part of the crashed plane from Keelung River at 9:15 PM. Two bodies were discovered in the salvaged sections, leaving the number of missing passengers at 18.Divers from the Taipei City Fire Department are working on attaching the cable wires to the front section of the plane, which still remain submerged. The city government noted that once the search and rescue operations come to a close, it will install bulk bags to temporary fill the breach along the dike. The floodgate will be repaired by the end of April and in time for the flooding season.During his visit to the Emergency Operations Center (EOC) in the night of February 4, Mayor Ko Wen-je gave the following instructions to city agencies after listening to briefings by the heads of fire, public works, social welfare, health, civil affairs, and related departments: 1.	Staff should do their best to locate the whereabouts of missing passengers. Those working on site should also pay attention to their own safety. The EOC will provide the logistics for those working on the front line.2.	Workers taking part in night time search and rescue should pay attention to their own safety. Safety is also the top priority when operating large rescue equipment mobilized by the Public Work Department at the site.3.	The city government would like to express its gratitude to government agencies and staff offering support for search and rescue, including the Executive Yuan, New Taipei City Government, Keelung City Government, and the Ministry of Defense. 4.	The mayor has instructed Social Welfare Commissioner Hsu Li-min to visit the families of crash victims and Commissioner of Information and Tourism Chien Yu-yen to assist mainland tourists and their family members on the plane, as well as working with the central government to help arrange bringing families of victims to Taiwan for follow-ups. The City has also mobilized teams of volunteers to work with the Department of Social Welfare."
The much-anticipated Yangmingshan Flower Festival is here!This year the floral fest features the trio  camellias, cherry blossoms, and azaleas  sending spring greetings to tourists who make their pilgrimage to one of the most popular flower season destinations in Taiwan. A series of exciting events will kick off with the opening ceremony at Yangming Parks Flower Clock starting 10 AM on February 7. Paper Windmill Theatre will take to the stage with a performance spotlighting Yangmingshan flowers and local history. A makeshift post office will be set up at the venue, offering a unique flower season-themed commemorative stamp for stamp collectors.To add artistic accents to the event, there will be a presentation of six large art installations by Taiwanese artist Wu A-sun at the Flower Clock and an exhibition showcasing eight cherry blossom paintings by renowned Japanese artist Sumio Goto. The paintings employ the use of rich mineral pigments and will be displayed at Xinhai-Guangfu Building in Yangming Park.Other highlights include picnics, tours at the historical site housing the biggest US military dependents village in Asia, and more. The organizers invite the public to visit the 2015 Yangmingshan Flower Festival between February 7 and March 15, noting that the Taiwan cherry flower is expected to reach full bloom between Valentines Day and the Chinese New Year Holiday.For more information, please visit the official website of 2015 Yangmingshan Flower Festival http://2015.yms.taipei/ (Chinese) 
With the upcoming six-day-long Chinese New Year holiday, the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) published the trash collection schedule to help residents welcome the Year of the Goat with a cleaner environment.       According to the agency, with the exception of bulk waste, garbage pick-up will continue to run on Chinese New Years Eve (Wednesday, February 18) across all districts in Taipei City.       From February 19 through 21, garbage collection is still available at 49 specified collection points across the city. With the exception of Wenshan District Bojia Squad collection site (which is open from 8 AM to 8:30 AM), all collection points will be available between 6 AM and 11 PM.  Please refer to the following link for more information on the collection points: http://english.dep.gov.taipei/ct.asp?xItem=91869405&ctNode=15277&mp=110002.   Following a short recess lasting from the first day to the third day of Chinese New Year, garbage collection service (with the exception of bulk waste pick-up) will resume on Sunday, February 22. All trash collection services will return to normal on Tuesday, February 24.   Trash Collection Schedule for 2015 Chinese New Year Holiday   Date  Day  Trash  Organics  Recycling  Bulk    Feb. 16  Mon.  Available  Available  Available  Available    Feb. 17  Tue.  Available  Available  Available  Available    Feb. 18  Wed. (CNY Eve)  Available  Available  Available  Off    Feb. 19  Thu. (CNY)  Off  Off  Off  Off    Feb. 20  Fri.  Off  Off  Off  Off    Feb. 21  Sat.  Off  Off  Off  Off    Feb. 22  Sun.  Available  Available  Available  Off    Feb. 23  Mon.  Available  Available  Available  Off    Feb. 24  Tue.  Available  Available  Available  Available    
"In light of the approaching Chinese New Year holiday, the Department of Transportation (DOT) reminds vehicle owners not to drink and drive.According to the agency, a total of 83 people lost their lives in Class A1 accidents in 2014. Among these casualties, 3 deaths involved intoxicated driving. Compared to 4 deaths from the same period in 2013, the figures indicated that the government campaign on stopping drunk driving is having an impact. DOT reminds drivers who had a little too much to drink at year-ends banquets or parties to avoid riding their motorcycles or driving their cars home. Instead, they can select from the following methods:1.	Appoint a Designated Driver: You can ask someone in your group who hasnt touch alcohol to drive the others home after the party.2.	Take a Cab: Call the cab service hotline 0800-055-850 (toll-free for landline callers). Alternatively, you can also dial 55850 on your mobile phone.3.	Utilize Designated Driver Service: You can hire a taxi driver to serve as a designated driver to drive the intoxicated person(s) home. The agency has worked with 20 taxi companies in Taipei to devise a plan listing the maximum rate for the designated driver service. The cap on the initial charge is NT$1,000 for 10 km. For distance of more than 10 km, the cap on the additional charge will be NT$100 for every 2 km. To contact the designated driver service, you can call the service hotline at TEL: 0800-055-850 (toll-free for landline callers). Cell phone users can dial 55850. "
Following interviews on February 2, the city government announced that Hung Chia-wen will be the new Commissioner of the Department of Sports.Hung is currently the deputy commissioner at New Taipei City Governments Department of Education and boasts experience in the planning and participation at major sports events both local and abroad. He is also an associate professor at both National Taiwan Normal University and University of Taipei. The public recruitment process to fill the vacancy left by outgoing Sports Commissioner Yang Jong-her kicked-off on January 24. The position attracted a total of 52 qualified applicants as of the deadline on January 28. The approach is in line with the administrations vision of realizing an open government with public participation.Three finalists were selected by an 11-member nomination committee from the pool of candidates. After receiving the list of nominees from the committee, the Mayors Office scheduled interviews with individual candidates before deciding on Hung. 
