"This morning, Mayor Martin J. Walsh joined nearly 200 business leaders at the Omni Parker House for an event discussing the disparities in wage equity that remain in Boston and around the country.The first annual Best Practices Conference for the signatories of Mayor Walsh's 100% Talent Compact, a commitment to wage equity in the workplace, was sponsored by the Boston Women's Workforce Council, Simmons College, and the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement. It included a panel discussion of upcoming gender wage gap reporting by area businesses and presentations from business leaders on action steps being taken at their companies to close the wage gap.Closing the wage gap requires a multifaceted approach, Mayor Walsh said. We have to create more pipelines for female employees, we have to create more family-friendly policies that help us attract and retain female employees, and we have to ensure the culture of our work environments is welcoming and inclusive of all employees.The Boston Womens Workforce Council is proud of the work Mayor Walshs office is doing to promote wage equity awareness,"" said Cathy Minehan, Chair of the Boston Womens Workforce Council. Conversations like these need to be happening from the board room down in every company in America, and we are starting that trend in Boston.State Treasurer Deborah B. Goldberg moderated a panel discussion with Jeff Leiden, CEO of Vertex Pharmaceuticals, and Bob Reynolds, CEO of Putnam Investments. It was followed by a panel moderated by Megan Costello, Executive Director of the Mayors Office of Womens Advancement, joined by Lynn Albright, Vice President of Stores, East Territory, Gap Inc. Regis Mulot, Executive Vice President, Human Resources, Staples Betsy Larson, Vice President, Compensation, MassMutual and Kathy Horgan, Executive Vice President, Global HR/Chief Operating Officer, State Street.State Street is proud to be leading the way on closing the wage gap in Boston, Horgan said. At State Street, we have been very intentional about creating opportunities and pipelines for women and tracking metrics that will measure our success throughout this process.Leading up to todays conference, signatories were asked to participate in a survey to share best practices with the work they are doing toward reaching pay equity. In addition, three data partners - State Street, Putnam Investments, and MassMutual Financial Group - tested the wage data collection process to smooth out reporting details and to report to other signatories about their experiences with the initial process.The event included a data training led by Azer Bestavros from the Rafik B. Hariri Institute for Computing and Computational Science & Engineering of Boston University, who is leading the aggregation component, in anticipation that all signatories will provide an anonymous snapshot of their employee wages to understand any gaps that currently exist.The Boston Womens Workforce Council expects those snapshots in the spring and will release key findings from all signatories this summer."
Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency, is hosting free beginner swim lessons, Swim for Safety, for Boston youth ages 5-12 at a BCYF pool over April school vacation week.Boston is surrounded by water and swimming is a low cost, healthy exercise that people can enjoy their whole lives. BCYF Swim for Safety will help children become safe and confident around water and eager to continue to participate in aquatics programs. BCYF Swim for Safety will be offered at 14 BCYF pools. The schedules vary so contact the pool directly for more information and to register. BCYF Blackstone Community Center, South End, 617-635-5162BCYF Charlestown Community Center 617-635-5169BCYF Condon Community Center, South Boston, 617-635-5100BCYF Curtis Hall Community Center, Jamaica Plain, 617-635-5193BCYF Draper Pool, West Roxbury, 617-635-5021BCYF Flaherty Pool, Roslindale, 617-635-5181BCYF Hennigan Community Center, Jamaica Plain, 617-635-5198BCYF Holland Community Center, Dorchester, 617-635-5144BCYF Leahy-Holloran Community Center, Dorchester, 617-635-5150BCYF Mason Pool, Roxbury, 617-635-5241BCYF Mildred Avenue Community Center, Mattapan, 617-635-1328BCYF Paris Street Pool, East Boston, 617-635-1410BCYF Perkins Community Center, Dorchester, 617-635-5146BCYF Quincy Community Center, Chinatown, 617-635-5129To see what else is happening at BCYF over April school vacation week, visit Boston.Gov/BCYF.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Councillor Arder Carson, Lord Mayor ofBelfast, Northern Ireland and representatives from the hockey community to announce The Friendship Four, an international hockey tournament inBelfastfromNovember 27 - November 28, 2015featuring hockey teams from Northeastern University, UMass Lowell, Brown University and Colgate University competing for the BelpotTrophy.Last September, Mayor Walsh traveled to Ireland and signed his first sister city agreement with the City ofBelfast.During my time in Ireland, I saw firsthand how sports, and hockey in particular, play an incredible role in bridging communities, said Mayor Walsh. I am thrilled to announce the first tournament for the BelpotTrophythis fall. I would like to thankformer mayor ofBelfastMirtn  Muilleoir for his original partnership in this ambitious exchange and his continued hospitality towards Boston and Lord Mayor ofBelfast, Councillor Arder Carson, and theBelfastCity Council for theircommitment to making this tournament become a reality.The Sister City agreement which we signed with Boston last May is designed to foster stronger economic development, trade and investment, tourism, youth, cultural, faith based exchange and educational linkages between our two cities,"" said Lord Mayor, Councillor Arder Carson. ""Bringing this prestigious tournament toBelfastis one of the first substantive results of the agreement, and we are delighted that, even before the first puck has been hit, there already is a commitment to play it here for a further four years. It is our hope that the success of this tournament will help stimulate further exchanges, especially in terms of trade missions and educational links. Bringing this tournament toBelfastwill be a great boost to our economy. The global media coverage this will attract is likely to bring a very positive offspin forBelfasttoo.Ice hockey is a cross community sport inBelfastand this is one of the main reasons theBelfastGiants have been able to have success over the past 15 years, said Eric Porter, Chairman of the Odyssey Trust,tournament hosts and owners of the Odyssey Arena, home to theBelfastGiants. The Friendship Four will be the first time that teams at this standard of ice hockey will play inBelfastand we expect our fans to be very excited about seeing it at their home arena. It is an opportunity to give back to the communities that have supported us over the years and we truly want to make this an event that is open to all.""The Friendship Four will be held at theBelfastGiants/Odyssey Arena.The City of Boston is working with Secretary of State John Kerrys Office of Global Partnerships and theBelfastGiants to incorporate educational components to the tournament weekend, including having student-athletes visit classrooms inBelfast.The Mayor made the announcement at the Bobby Orr statue at the TD Garden.On behalf of ECAC Hockey, we are honored to be part of this tremendous endeavor, said Stephen R. Hagwell, ECAC Hockey Commissioner. We relish the opportunity to experience and have a positive impact on such a memorable cultural exchange.""""The Hockey East family is excited about this event, both from the hockey and cultural perspectives,"" said Hockey East commissioner Joe Bertagna. ""We will work with everyone to make this first event a huge success and lay the groundwork for future such tournaments for others to experience."""
Weekly collection schedule varies by neighborhood and can be foundhere.Barrels, bags and branches should be placed curbside by7 a.m.on recycling days. Residents with two recycling days, will have leaf collection on the first recycling day each week.  How to prepare your leaves and yard waste for collection:Due to the efforts of residents and PWD last year, over 7,000 tons of yard was was saved from the trash. For more information, visit Boston.gov.
I commend President Obama on his call to end the use of conversion therapy for minors.All of our young people deserve to be supported and accepted for who they are, and the President's leadership on this topic is critical for us to deliver on our promise to create a brighter and healthier future for our youth.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch ofBostons cultural planning process that willcreatea blueprint for arts and culture in the City ofBoston.BostonCreateswill engage residents, visitors, and stakeholders to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to think strategically about how these resources can help the community to achieve its civic goals. The process willcreatea ten-year plan, designed to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality over the long term. Volunteers are sought to join the Leadership Council and Community Teams to advise on, guide, and drive participation in the process throughout its duration.Bostonis a city of innovation, diversity and collaboration - a city where creativity and imagination are some of our most powerful assets, said Mayor Walsh Over the next fifteen months, we are going to look to all voices in the city to tell us what matters. This shared vision for the City will ensure all residents can fully experience and benefit fromBostons vibrant arts and cultural life.In September 2014, Mayor Walsh appointed a 15-member steering committee, comprising representatives from City government and the arts. This committee was charged with recommending a cultural planning consultant team and advising the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture.Upon the recommendation of the Steering Committee,BostonCreateswill be led by the Cultural Planning Group, a consulting practice serving the field of arts and culture with some of the countrys foremost experts in organizational capacity building and public art. Founded in 1998, they have worked with municipalities across the country tocreatecultural plans. Locally, they will partner with WolfBrown and Archipelago Strategies to design a robust research methodology, understand the unique creative identity ofBoston, andcreatea plan based on the priorities of the community.The Cultural Planning Group has a unique set of skills and a knowledge base of cultural planning that will helpBostonunderstand how it can become a municipal arts leader, said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City ofBoston. Together, we willcreatea plan that builds on our existing creative assets, achieves consensus on the top priorities for improvement, and clearly spells out how we can move forward to implement the recommendations in the plan.The process will depend upon community participation for its success. The Cultural Planning Group will be working to engage individuals across the city in the process,creatinga Leadership Council and Community Engagement Teams that will help guide the process throughout its duration. Applications for these volunteer roles can be found atwww.bostoncreates.org.On Tuesday, June 2, 2015,BostonCreateswill host its first Cultural Planning Town Hall, inviting everyone from across the city to share their opinions and ideas about cultural priorities. The Town Hall will be followed by interviews with individuals and groups to lay out a comprehensive map ofBostons cultural assets, including its variety of arts organizations, festivals, and public art locations.The plan will be the most authentic if people engage, said David Plettner-Saunders, partner at the Cultural Planning Group. We want to helpBostondefine its unique creative identity, develop a shared vision for the creative future and identify the sustainable resources that can make it happen. Ultimately, we will strive tocreatea plan that is both realistic and aspirational, one that has support of the public and the Mayor and one that will lead to greater civic leadership. We believe this is achievable through diverse participation and shared voices.In partnership with the City ofBoston, the Barr Foundation and the Klarman Family Foundation have provided the funding necessary to ensure the cultural planning process could be launched in a timely manner and that it be informed by best practices from other cities.This is an exciting moment in time forBoston, a once-in-a-generation opportunity tocreatea plan that harnesses the full potential of arts, culture, and creativity to inspire us, to enrich our lives, and to enliven our communities, said James Canales, president and trustee of The Barr Foundation. Along with many others, we look forward to being a constructive partner in advancing arts and culture well into the future.The Cultural Plan is expected to be complete in June 2016. For more information, visitwww.bostoncreates.org. Twitter users can engage with the process on social media using #BostonCreates.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston will hold a moment of silence at2:49 p.m.onApril 15to mark the two-year anniversary of the Boston Marathon bombings. Church bells will then ring throughout the City.  Mayor Walsh is encouraging people outside of the City, and around the world, to join Bostonians in the moment of silence.  Mayor Walsh has previously announced thatApril 15will be known as ""One Boston Day,"" a new tradition to honor the resiliency, generosity and strength of the City of Boston. The day will be an opportunity to recognize the good in our community and reflect on the spirit of grace and resilience of the people of Boston that was exemplified in the response to the loss and the tragedies of April 15, 2013.""One Boston Day"" will encourage random acts of kindness and spreading goodwill. The new tradition came together in compilation with the desire expressed by many survivors to pass on the kindness, generosity and support they received following the 2013 Boston Marathon. Individuals, businesses and community organizations are encouraged to share how they are marking ""One Boston Day""on social media using the hashtag #OneBostonDay. On the morning ofApril 15, the Mayor will assist in raising honorary banners on Boylston Street to honor the victims and survivors ofApril 15, 2013."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released ""Student Housing Trends: 2014-2015,"" the first ever comprehensive report on trends in student housing in Boston. The report was an inter-agency collaboration between the City of Boston's Department of Neighborhood Development, Inspectional Services Department, and the Boston Redevelopment Authority.  Mayor Walsh called for the student housing report as part of his housing plan, Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030, which outlined strategic goals to ensure all students reside in safe, suitable housing, and to create 18,500 new dorm beds by the year 2030 in order to return 5,000 units of workforce housing to the market. The data included in the new report allow the City to track progress against those goals.""It is critical that we work with our colleges and universities to better understand how to provide safe and affordable housing for both our student population and our residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Our institutions of higher education make up the fabric of our City, and I thank them for their partnership in these efforts and look forward to continuing this work to create a thriving and healthier Boston.""With more than 148,000 students enrolled in its colleges and universities, Boston has unique challenges related to its student population. The data show that there are 21,425 undergraduates living in off-campus housing with the city of Boston this year however, the new data show that the number of undergraduates living off campus has declined by 1,442 since the Fall of 2013. In addition, a total of 1,395 new dormitory beds came online in 2014, bringing the number of dormitory beds to 39,178 citywide.The report lays out the Walsh administrations three key student housing priorities for 2015: (1) ending the illegal practice of renting off-campus housing to five or more undergraduates as new leases are signed in spring and summer 2015 (2) establishing firm commitments and deadlines for the construction of additional on-campus dormitory beds from each college and university and (3) unlocking additional dorm bed creation by creating pathways for private developers to build off-campus dormitories that meet specific community approvals.The data in the report was gathered from the results of the new University Accountability Ordinance, passed by the Boston City Council in the summer of 2014, which now gives the community full transparency on the housing situation of all Bostons students.Other trends outlined in the report include:"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today signed an ordinance that will pilot raising fines from $40 to $100 for violating resident parking restrictions in the neighborhoods around Fenway Park during Major League Baseball games. With Opening Day onMonday, April 13, the legislation is aimed at discouraging Fenway Park event attendees from parking in curbside spaces designated as Fenway/Kenmore resident parking zones. Vehicles that do not have a Fenway/Kenmore resident parking sticker are subject to the increased fine. The ordinance was sponsored by Councilor Josh Zakim and worked through the City Council with Government Operations Chair Michael Flaherty.Weve heard from residents that finding a parking spot in the Fenway and Kenmore neighborhoods during baseball games is a burden, and this legislation aims to improve that experience, said Mayor Walsh. Thank you to Councilor Zakim and Councilor Flaherty for your work on this, and for coordinating with the Boston Transportation Department to make this into an effective pilot program for residents and for the City of Boston.""This ordinance is a great step forward for residents of the Fenway, Kenmore Square, and Audubon Circle. These changes will help restore the parking balance in the neighborhoods around Fenway Park during some of the busiest months of the year - an issue I've consistently heard about for almost two years, said City Councilor Zakim. I'm gratified to have participated in a truly collaborative effort across city government, working with the Mayor, BTD, and my colleagues on the Council to deliver for our neighbors. I look forward to examining the pilot data at the end of the year.""""Given that over 10,000 resident parking violations have been issued over the last two years during Fenway Park events underscores a significant problem for the residents of Fenway/Kenmore District, said City Councilor Michael Flaherty. Increasing resident parking fines should be a disincentive for people to illegally park and an encouragement to take public transportation or to cycle.""The change will go into effect two hours before any Major League Baseball game played at Fenway Park, and will extend to two hours after the game. The ordinance also gives flexibility to institute this rule during other Fenway Park events on a case by case basis. The pilot will end onDecember 31, 2015.The City Council passed the Ordinance on April 8."
I am thankful that this phase of the trial has come to an end and am hopeful for a swift sentencing process. I hope todays verdict provides a small amount of closure for the survivors, families, and all impacted by the violent andtragic events surrounding the 2013 Boston Marathon. The incidents of those days have forever left amark on our City. As we remember those who lost so much, we reflect on how tragedy revealed our deepest values, and the best of who we are as a community.
"Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh joined Governor Charlie Baker, elected officials, local dignitaries, school representatives, and family members and friends of the late Bruce C. Bolling to officially dedicate the new central offices of the Boston Public Schools in the name of the former city councilor and first African American president of the Boston City Council.The Bruce C. Bolling building is designed and dedicated to spreading opportunity and connecting community -- a fitting tribute to the man, Bruce Bolling, said Mayor Walsh. A true public servant, his guiding principle was equity: whether in housing, economic development, or education. He believed no one should be left out of the American Dream, and he dedicated his career to making that promise a reality.Bruce Bolling championed civic engagement and economic development for Roxbury and all of Boston, reflecting on Massachusetts role as a national leader in equality and economic opportunity for all, said Governor Baker. As a home to the schools that shaped and defined his character, the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building will honor his legacy and the neighborhood and city he dedicated himself to serving.This dedication is a fitting tribute to Bruce Bolling, who was a true champion for his constituents, always making sure that they had a voice in the community. Bruces leadership in affordable housing initiatives and job creation made a tangible difference in the fabric of the City he loved and I am honored to help celebrate his legacy, stated Congressman Capuano.One of my favorite Bruce Bolling campaign themes was  nothing counts like results. We have come together at just the right time a time of crossroads, growth and revitalization for Dudley Square and Roxbury to celebrate a pragmatic idealist, a trailblazer, a visionary, a son, a brother, a husband, a father, a statesman, a doer. It gives my spirit great uplift to know this municipal building will stand as a permanent tribute to Bruce C. Bolling. Let this building serve as both a reminder and a challenge to us all to carry on the fight for fairness and justice that Bruce dedicated his life to, said Boston City Councilor Ayanna Pressley.It was an honor for me to participate in the program naming the building after Bruce Bolling. I congratulate Mayor Marty Walsh for supporting the naming of this building after my friend and colleague, said Boston City Councilor Charles Yancey.""In the true spirit of Councilor Bolling, this building will serve as a lightning rod to spur innovation and education for the residents of Roxbury, and the City of Boston as a whole,"" said Boston City Councilor Tito Jackson.""We are honored that the administrative offices of the Boston Public Schools are located in the Bruce C. Bolling Building. It will allow us to be closer to our schools and the students we serve,"" stated Interim Superintendent John McDonough. ""Named in honor of a man who tirelessly worked to expand opportunities for the people of Boston, this building will now be ground zero for innovation and excellence in education for all of Boston's children.""This is a great honor for our family and we thank Mayor Walsh for honoring the spirit of Bruce's legacy with the naming of this beautiful building, said Royal Bolling Jr. We also see it as a symbol of investment in this community and as a catalyst for attracting future development opportunities that continue to build our community and expand and maximize opportunities for its residents. That was the true spirit of Bruces legacy, which is honored here today.About Bruce C. BollingBruce C. Bolling was elected to the Boston City Council in 1981 and was elected Bostons first African-American president of the City Council in 1986. During his 12 years on the Council, Bolling advocated for economic opportunities for women, people of color, and small business owners, and was a champion of the LGBT community. He was a forward-thinking and consensus-building leader whose work on diversity, economic development, and workforce equity continue to have an impact today.Among Bollings many policy accomplishments was the establishment of the Boston Jobs for Boston Residents policy, mandating that city residents receive 50% of jobs created by city funds, with 25% of the jobs earmarked for minorities, and 10% for women. Bollings work also led to the establishment of the Boston Fair Housing Commission, a city commission that addresses discriminatory housing practices.Bolling advocated for development policies to grow affordable housing and lead to neighborhood investment. He developed the Boston Linkage Policy, which requires that downtown developers also contribute to development in Bostons neighborhoods, guaranteeing that downtown investment generates positive impacts for the rest of the city. He also established the Neighborhood Housing Trust Fund, which contributes to the development of affordable housing across the city.After leaving City Council, Bolling helped to create the Massachusetts Alliance for Small Contractors, and served as Executive Director until 2011. Bolling came from a family of elected officials, including his father who served as a state senator and his brother who served as a state representative. Bolling died in 2012.About the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal BuildingThe construction of the Bruce C. Bolling Building is a collaboration of Boston's Property and Construction Management Department (PCMD), the Boston Redevelopment Authority (BRA), and the City of Boston under the leadership of Mayor Walsh. The building was designed by Mecanoo and Sasaki Associates. Shawmut Design and Construction served as the CM at-Risk contractor, with project management services being handled by PMA Consultants.The six-story, 215,000-square-foot structure is the headquarters of Boston Public Schools (BPS), centralizing 500 administrative staff while improving organizational synergy and public service. The building also includes 18,000 square feet of street-level space for business or nonprofit use, and the Roxbury Innovation Center, a 3,000-square-foot business incubator to encourage collaboration, bold thinking, and new business development."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced his support for the Diesel and Vehicular Emissions Ordinance, filed by City Councilor Stephen Murphy to help reduce harmful emissions from diesel vehicles and idling. The proposed ordinance requires all pre-2007 vehicles owned or leased by the City or used by its contractors to have been retrofit with more effective emission-reduction equipment. It also simplifies and unifies the authority for the City of Boston to enforce the current state-wide anti-idling laws in a consistent way.We have an opportunity to shape policies that will protect our environment and our residents from unnecessary air pollutants,"" said Mayor Walsh. I thank Councilor Murphy for his partnership in working together to create a healthier Boston.Since 2007, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has considerably lowered the amount of pollution permissible from new diesel vehicles and equipment. However, because of their durability, many pre-2007 diesel vehicles remain in use. For this reason, federal, state, and local governments have established programs to encourage the installation of retrofit air pollution control equipment on diesel vehicles and other diesel engines.The asthma rate in Bostons neighborhoods continues to climb,"" said Councilor Murphy. ""By further tightening air quality standards, as this ordinance does, we will make Bostons neighborhoods healthier.""I am proud to work with Mayor Walsh and my colleagues on this important issue, said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy, and Open Space. Diesel emissions are harmful to our environment and to human health. While there are many sources of diesel emissions both locally and regionally, it is important that the City does everything it can to reduce its own emissions.Through a combination of federal and state grants and City funds, most of the Citys diesel school buses are already later model years with built-in pollution-reduction equipment or model-year 2006 or earlier retrofit with the highest level of pollution reduction equipment feasible. The rest of the Citys diesel fleet includes about 328 diesel units, not including emergency vehicles, and about 153 of them are pre-2007. For several years, the Public Works Department has been installing diesel oxidation catalysts, which reduce particulate emissions 20 percent, on diesel units as they need muffler replacements.The proposed Ordinance has been under development for several years, with active engagement from Councilor Murphy, Felix Arroyo, now the Citys Chief of Health and Human Services, and community groups such as Alternatives for Community and Environment (ACE) and Clean Water Action. The ordinance would generally require all pre-2007 City-owned or operated vehicles to have equipment that reduces diesel emissions by at least 20 percent by the end of 2015. There are exceptions for emergency vehicles, snow removal equipment, and equipment rarely used.Requirements for diesel vehicles and equipment used on new City contracts over $2M would phase in over three years.The Commonwealth of Massachusetts limits unnecessary idling to five minutes. There are more stringent rules in school zones. These limits are contained, in various forms, in both Massachusetts general laws and in environmental regulations, and the different agencies of the City of Boston derive their authority under different provisions with different enforcement mechanisms and fines. The proposed ordinance simplifies and unifies the authority for Boston Police Department, Boston Transportation Department, and the Air Pollution Control Commission to enforce the current state-wide limits in a consistent way. It does not change those limits. Fines for violation of the idling rules will be $100 for the first offense and $500 for subsequent offenses."
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced he has made 39 appointments to 12 City of Boston and Massachusetts boards and commissions in the first quarter of 2015. The appointees bring diverse expertise and backgrounds to their positions. The Mayor has appointing authority to more than 60 boards and commissions, which advise on policy and the administration of funding and services across a number of areas.We rely on boards and commissions to review policy and guide decision making on initiatives that move the City of Boston forward, said Mayor Walsh. I have the utmost confidence in all of these appointees, and want to thank them for their service.Appointments from January 1, 2015 - March 31, 2015:Animal Control Commission, Agnes Chang, BrightonAnimal Control Commission, Alexandra Lopez-Cuadra, BrightonAnimal Control Commission, Carrie Marie Marsh, RoxburyAnimal Control Commission, Chayla White, South EndAnimal Control Commission, Gino Provenzano, South BostonAnimal Control Commission, Jean Weber, RoslindaleAnimal Control Commission, Jennifer Evans, South EndAnimal Control Commission, Kit Lilly, CambridgeAnimal Control Commission, Maryann Regan, KingstonAnimal Control Commission, Ryan Hawkins, DorchesterAnimal Control Commission, Skott Wade, AllstonAnimal Control Commission, Laura Gretch, Back BayAnimal Control Commission, Felix Arroyo, Jamaica PlainBoston Cultural Council, Daniel McCole, South BostonBoston Cultural Council, Matt McArthur, RoxburyBoston School Committee, Miren Uriarte, Jamaica PlainBoston Water and Sewer, Michael Woodall, West RoxburyCity of Boston Scholarship Fund Committee,Craig Galvin, DorchesterCommission for Persons with Disabilities Advisory Board, Moses Mallard, AllstonCommunity Ombudsman Oversight Panel, Larry Mayes, Hyde ParkCommunity Ombudsman Oversight Panel, The Honorable Regina Quinlan, CharlestownLiving Wage Advisory Committee, Darlene Lombos, Jamaica PlainLiving Wage Advisory Committee, Father James A. Flavin Jr., South BostonLiving Wage Advisory Committee, Katherine Belgard, DorchesterMassachusetts Port Authority Community Advisory Committee, Darryl Pomicter, Beacon HillMassachusetts Port Authority Community Advisory Committee, David Manning, South BostonMassachusetts Port Authority Community Advisory Committee, Erica Mattison, DorchesterMassachusetts Port Authority Community Advisory Committee, Karen Buttiglieri, East BostonMassachusetts Port Authority Community Advisory Committee,Mary Berninger, East BostonMassachusetts Port Authority Community Advisory Committee, Maura Zlody, FenwayMassachusetts Water Resources Authority, Austin Blackmon, West EndNeighborhood Jobs Trust, Councilor Mark Ciommo, BrightonResidency Policy Commission, Anise Vance, Jamaica PlainResidency Policy Commission, Denise Williams-Harris, DorchesterResidency Policy Commission, Eileen Boyle, DorchesterResidency Policy Commission, Councilor Michael Flaherty, South BostonResidency Policy Commission, Councilor Tito Jackson, DorchesterResidency Policy Commission, Molly Maloney, Beacon HillResidency Policy Commission, Vivian Leonard, Hyde ParkIn February 2015 Mayor Walsh announced that Boston would begin taking applications from the general public for open seats on Boards and Commissions, to give everyone in Boston an opportunity to serve, or at least, inquire to serve the City in this capacity. Those in search of more information will be able to find vacancies athttp://www.cityofboston.gov/boardsandcommissions/. Most of these are volunteer positions, and most require monthly meetings.
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the winners of the fourth Design Biennial Boston, a program sponsored bythe Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics and the Boston Art Commission in collaboration with pinkcomma gallery, BSA Space and the Rose Kennedy Greenway Conservancy. Following an open call for entries, a distinguished jury selected four firms whose work provides ample evidence of Bostons rich design talent. The 2015 Biennial will featureCristina Parreo Alonsoof Cristina Parreo Architecture,Cynthia Gunadi and Joel Lamereof GLD,Dan and Marie Law Adamsof Landing Studio, andMichael Murphy and Alan Ricksof MASS Design Group. Mariana Ibaez and Simon Kim of IK Studio and Daniel Ibaez and Rodrigo Rubio of Margen-Lab received honorable mention awards this year for their contributions. Images of project submission are available here: ""Boston has a deep creative talent pool, and these four selections for the 2015 Design Biennial reflect that,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I want Boston to be a municipal arts leader, and putting this type of exciting and thoughtful work into the public realm is what gets us closer to that goal. Thank you to our enthusiastic partners, and congratulations to these inspired designers.""""This fourth installment of the Biennial highlights emerging designers who reflect the diversity and vitality of Bostons academic and professional architectural scenes,"" explained Chris Grimley of pinkcomma and over,under, one of the exhibition's curators.At a time when the mayor has brought forth much-needed questions about the quality of buildings being produced in the city, the Biennial demonstrates how Bostons new design talent can be drawn on for its innovative thinking and ability to respond to the challenges we will face in the future. The winning designers projects range from speculative visions to constructed interventions, including a monumental library in Slovenia,an installation in a stairway at MIT, the transformation of an industrial tank farm into a shared salt dock and public park in Chelsea,anda cholera treatment center with a wastewater purification facility in Port-au-Prince. We were impressed by the inventiveness of this years submissions, which indicate the strength of the regions upcoming generation, explained juror Eden Dutcher of GroundView, a Biennial winner from the 2012/13 cycle. Boston is a city with a growing talent pool of designers who should be given more opportunities to build in their hometown. In addition to a display of their prior work at BSA Space, the four selected design teams will construct site-specific installations on the Rose Kennedy Greenway adjacent to a 250-foot-high suspended art piece by Janet Echelman. We are excited to host the 2015 Biennial on the Greenway, said Lucas Cowan, curator of public art for the Greenway Conservancy. With the Biennial installations and Janet Echelmans piece so close to one another, the Greenway will be home to a wonderful confluence of architecture and public art this summer, showcasing innovative thinkers who make Greater Boston their home. ""The Design Biennial Boston, with work exhibited at BSA Space, has provided emerging designers with an invaluable chance to engage the wider public in their imaginative work,"" commented juror Tim Love AIA, 2015 president of the BSA and a Biennial participant in 2008. ""Boston's future is in good hands if these brilliant minds are given more opportunities to shape our city."" The jury for the 2015 Biennial included curators Chris Grimley, Michael Kubo, and Mark Pasnik (pinkcomma gallery) along with Lucas Cowan (Rose Kennedy Greenway Conservancy), Eden Dutcher (GroundView), Michael Evans (Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics), Mary Fichtner (BSA Space), Karin Goodfellow (Boston Art Commission), Dan Hisel (Dan Hisel Architect/Wentworth Institute), Eric Hweler (Hweler + Yoon/Harvard University), Tim Love AIA(Utile/Northeastern University/2015 BSA President), and Ana Mijlacki (Project_/MIT).  The public installations will be on view from late June through mid-September.JURY COMMENTSCristina Parreo Alonso of Cristina Parreo ArchitectureThe designers strong aesthetic and imaginative qualities span several architectural scales, with an attention to craft and detail as well as a deep commitment to an enriched sense of spatial engagement.www.cristinaparreno.comCynthia Gunadi and Joel Lamere of GLDThis body of experimentation deserves commendation for foregrounding a delicate balance of form and beauty, highly crafted fabrication techniques, interactivity with people, and a thoughtful relationship between the human form and larger spaces.www.gldarch.comDan and Marie Law Adams of Landing StudioThis teams coherent proposal for a series of diverse interventions is remarkable because it was completed while engaging a variety of stakeholders in the transformation of an industrial site to a vibrant urban playground.www.landing-studio.comMichael Murphy and Alan Ricks of MASS Design GroupA firm known for its beautiful humanitarian medical facilities abroad will now be given a chance to do its first installation in the practices home city, which we expect will display the same lightness, grace, economy, and public engagement characterizing the earlier work.www.massdesigngroup.orgMORE INFORMATIONAbout the Design Biennial BostonThe Biennial showcases the most significant leaders among early-career, independent design talent in Massachusetts through a juried exhibition and site-specific, outdoor installation. The mission is to create a more vibrant design community that will contribute to Bostons evolving culture, shape, and economic health. The first iteration of the Biennialknown as the Young Architects Boston Groupwas held at pinkcomma gallery in 2008. In 2010, the event was renamed the Design Biennial Boston, and in 2012/13 it moved to BSA Space. Past participants include nineteen designers: Ground, Hweler + Yoon Architecture, LinOldhamOffice, Merge Architects, MOS, over,under, SsD, Studio Luz Architects, UNI, and Utile in 2008 C&MP, Dan Hisel Architect, Schneider Studio, Touloukian Touloukian, and William OBrien Jr. in 2010 and GroundView, Kiel Moe, Matter Design, Project_ in 2012/13.www.designbiennialboston.comAbout BSA Spacearchitects.org/bsaspaceBSA Space (290 Congress Street, Boston)Bostons leading cultural institution on architecture and designis home to the Boston Society of Architects and BSA Space Foundation. Admission is free and open to the public. About pinkcomma gallerypinkcomma.comFounded in 2007, pinkcomma gallery strives to make design more pivotal in the citys political and cultural discoursesand across disciplines of architecture, landscape, graphics, urbanism, interiors, and industrial design. About the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanicsnewurbanmechanics.orgThe Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics in Boston serves as the City's innovation incubator, building partnerships between internal agencies and outside entrepreneurs to pilot projects that address resident needs. The Mechanics strive to engage the community in developing projects that will reshape city government and improve the services it provides. About the Boston Art Commissionpublicartboston.comThe Boston Art Commission, first assembled in 1890, advocates for creative place-making through the integration of public art into Bostons civic spaces. From siting and funding temporary art on City property to reviewing and approving proposals for permanent public art, the Art Commission actively fosters community engagement in Bostons cultural landscape. With a board of nine dedicated, Boston-based arts professionals appointed by the Mayor, the Art Commission also has custody of all permanent artworks sited on public property.About the Rose Kennedy Greenway Conservancyrosekennedygreenway.orgThe Conservancy is the designated steward of the Rose Kennedy Greenway, a mile-and-a-half of contemporary parks in the heart of Boston that connect people and the city with beauty and fun. The non-profit Conservancy maintains, programs, and improves the Greenway on behalf of the public and in partnership with the Commonwealth of Massachusetts."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston and the Metro Boston Homeland Security Region (MBHSR) have received $18 million in grant funding from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security through the Urban Area Security Initiative (UASI) grant program.""I am proud of our City's strong relationship with the Department of Homeland Security,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm grateful for Secretary Johnson's continued support of our City, as well as for the support of our delegation -- particularly Senators Warren and Markey, and Congressmen Lynch and Capuano  during this process. The City of Boston is a strong community and this funding is critical to ensuring long term resiliency.The Mayors Office of Emergency Management (OEM) is the agency responsible for ensuring the City has plans to prevent, protect against, respond to, and recover from all types of emergencies and disasters. During emergencies OEM operates the Citys Emergency Operation Center (EOC) where City agencies coordinate response and share information critical to managing the incident. OEM is also charged with managing homeland security funding for the MBHSR. Emergencies can happen anytime, anywhere, and this funding allows us to enhance the capabilities of our first responders, ensuring they are ready for any potential emergency or disaster."" said Rene Fielding, OEM Director. ""The program will also support our efforts to work with Bostons many communities in preparing for emergencies.Past funding has supported initiatives in communications interoperability by providing the capability to allow first responders to clearly and seamlessly communicate with one another and in running Urban Shield Boston, the largest first responder exercise conducted in New England and the cornerstone of the MBHSR training and exercise program. Urban Shield Boston was last held in May 2014 and involved approximately 2,000 emergency response personnel from more than 50 local, state and federal agencies. The goal of Urban Shield is to test and evaluate specific public safety capabilities that have been developed, or enhanced, with the investment of funds received through the UASI grant program.UASI program funding addresses the unique multi-disciplinary planning, organization, equipment, training and exercise needs of high-threat, high-density urban areas, and assists them in building capabilities to prevent, protect against, respond to, and recover from threats or acts of terrorism. The City of Boston was designated as an UASI site in 2003. Boston is a part of the Metro Boston Homeland Security Region (MBHSR) along with eight surrounding jurisdictions: Brookline, Cambridge, Chelsea, Everett, Quincy, Revere, Somerville, and Winthrop.To receive emergency notifications from OEM by phone, email, or text, sign up for an AlertBoston account online. To learn more about the Office of Emergency Management, visit their website, or follow @oemboston on Twitter."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined the West Roxbury delegation to announce that the City of Boston has filed a request for a rehearing with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) in regards to the West Roxbury Lateral Gas Pipeline.The City's request comes in response toFERCs Final Environmental Impact Statement on March 3, 2015 which would allow Algonquin Gas to construct a new High Pressure Gas Line along Washington Street and Grove Street in West Roxbury in addition to a Metering and Regulation Station across from the West Roxbury Crushed Stone. The proposed pipeline poses public safety concerns because it would be constructed directly across the street from a quarry that uses dynamite on a daily basis.""I have listened to the concerns of the community, and we have asked Algonquin Gas and Spectra Energy several times to find a new route for this pipeline,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The project as proposed poses real public safety risks for West Roxbury residents, and we must work together with the community and with our city, state and federal partners to find a solution that is in the best interests of West Roxbury residents.""The City's rehearing has been filed on behalf of the West Roxbury Delegation: Mayor Walsh, U.S. Congressman Stephen F. Lynch, Senator Michael Rush, Representative Ed Coppinger, City Councilor OMalley, and the Boston City Councilors at Large.""Mayor Walsh, Senator Rush, Representative Coppinger and Councilor O'Malley have been absolutely relentless in the fight to change the route of the pipeline."" said Congressman Lynch. ""I am proud to join Mayor Walsh today in filing for a rehearing from FERC. We are all together on this. We will use every avenue to protect the neighborhood. We have consulted with Attorney General Maura Healey and we'll continue fight to protect the public's safety,""We have heard concerns from hundreds of residents in our community on the proposed gas line project in the area, said Senator Rush. It is incumbent on us to seek out answers to public safety, environmental and quality of life issues before this project moves forward. I commend Mayor Walsh and his legal staff, as well as my colleagues on the state and federal level who have worked jointly on, and continue to pursue, methods to protect our neighborhoods.Today's filing is a big step as we look to give the community a real opportunity to have their voices heard in opposition to the proposed Spectra natural gas pipeline,"" said Representative Coppinger. ""Through a strong coalition of neighbors, West Roxbury Saves Energy and other community groups, and our dedicated elected officials, we have made it clear to FERC that residents of West Roxbury and Roslindale demand a seat at the table.-""I am proud to stand with Mayor Walsh, Congressman Lynch and mycolleagues in government as we work together to protect the health andsafety of all West Roxbury residents,"" said City Councilor O'Malley. ""We will exhaust all options in ensuring an open and transparent processregarding this potentially dangerous pipeline."""
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the expansion of the ParkBoston app to include all Boston parking meters. The app allows drivers to quickly and easily remotely pay a meter with their mobile phone, avoiding the hassle of finding quarters or running back to the meter to add more time before it expires. During a nine-week pilot program, launched in January 2015 in a portion of the Back Bay, the ParkBoston app was downloaded over 15,000 times and facilitated over 12,000 parking transactions. Based on this success, the City expects to complete the expansion of ParkBoston to all other meters by the end of summer 2015. This announcement follows on Mayor Walshs announcement last week focused on improving transportation across the City through innovative design, programs, and technology.Last week I said we cannot delay making innovative improvements to our transportation system, said Mayor Walsh. Thousands of Bostonians have already embraced this new and convenient technology, and expanding this service throughout the city will make the experience of paying for parking easier for each and every user.During the pilot, the Boston Transportation Department has worked closely with Passport, an industry leader in mobile payments, to design a smooth and seamless parking experience for users.The community has really embraced ParkBoston, and we are excited to be bringing this type of innovation to more people so quickly, said Gina Fiandaca, Commissioner of the Boston Transportation Department. This is one of the first steps we are taking in overhauling the parking experience in Boston.Both ParkBoston decals applied to parking meters and on-street signage will let drivers know where the new service is in effect. Its expansion to the City of Bostons 8,000+ metered parking spaces in three phases is expected to be completed by the end of summer 2015. The first phase will begin installation this week, consisting of the remaining spaces in the Back Bay and throughout the Fenway/Kenmore area. The second phase will consist of spaces throughout Downtown, Beacon Hill, the West End, North End, and Charlestown. The final phase will include South Boston, the South End, Mission Hill, Allston, and Brighton. ParkBoston payment will become an available option for parkers as soon as the signs and decals are installed on each block.Last week Mayor Walsh announced that the Boston Transportation Department would be seeking to upgrade all parking meters to new intelligent devices. The ParkBoston app and new smart meters will work together to provide the City with parking data to manage the space at the curb more effectively. It will also provide users with a wide variety of choices in payment from smartphone to credit cards to coins.Smartphone users can take advantage of the new service by going topark.boston.govto create an account. iPhone and Android users can also get the free ParkBoston app through the App Store or Google Play. A pay-by-voice option is also available for those without web-enabled phones. To learn more, please visitpark.boston.gov.The pilot phase of Park Boston was supported by the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, Mayor Walsh's civic innovation team. Identifying and implementing ways to improve Boston's streetscape for pedestrians, cyclists and drivers is one of the office's core areas of focus. Recent collaborations with the Boston Transportation Department have included the TicketZen app to make it easier to pay parking tickets, a data partnership with Waze to improve traffic flow, and vehicle sideguards pilot that led to the a nation-leading safety ordinance for large vehicles performing city contracts.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today the appointment ofRichardWeiras Chief of Communications for Boston Public Schools. In this position,Weirwill be responsible for stewarding communications for all schools within the Boston Public School system, overseeing media relations, web publishing, social media and district publications.Weircurrently serves as City Hall Bureau Chief for the Boston Herald.Weirwill join the City of Boston onApril 13.The Boston School Committee recently voted to name Dr. Tommy Chang as the next Superintendent of Boston Public Schools. Dr. Chang will begin onJuly 1. ""RichWeiris a professional and experienced reporter who has covered Boston in the press for more than six years,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""He knows our neighborhoods inside and out and he is more than familiar with our school system. I have enjoyed the opportunity to work with Rich as a reporter and I have seen first-hand his passion for making Boston a better city. I am excited to bring his knowledge and integrity to Boston Public Schools and I look forward to having him on our team."" With more than two decades of experience as a newspaper reporter in Boston, New York and Maine,Weirhas been recognized through numerous press awards for deadline, feature andanalyticalwriting. Writing for the Boston Herald, he has covered the last two mayoral elections and produced in-depth investigative articles on a range of issues and governmental agencies.Weiralso worked as a writer for the City Section of the New York Times before moving to the New York Daily News in 2000 to serve as a police reporter. In this position,Weircovered major crime and breaking news stories, including the 9/11 World Trade Center attacks.Weiris a frequent guest on Boston Herald Radio and was featured in the book, ""The Elements of Story,"" written by former New York Times columnist and editor Francis Flaherty, for his instinct in finding enterprising story ideas.Weirgraduated from Clark University in 1989 and earned a master's degree from the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism in 1992."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced thatthe South Boston Emergency Transportation Reconfiguration (ETR) which took effectFebruary 14and was scheduled to end onApril 1, will be extended throughJune 1, 2015.The ETR has configured several streets in South Boston to one-way only in an effort to improve public safety following the historic amount of snow Boston received over a 30 day period.Over the next two months, the City will host two community meetings, one at the Condon Elementary School, and one at the Tynan Elementary School to determine if making the reconfiguration permanent is the appropriate decision for the neighborhood. The details of the meetings will be announced in the coming days. ""We've received a tremendous amount of positive feedback from South Boston residents about how the emergency reconfiguration has relieved traffic congestion and increased public safety,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to engaging in a robust discussion with the community on the future of these neighborhood streets."" South Boston residents are encouraged to reach out to the Mayor's office with feedback about the reconfigurationby calling the Mayor's hotline at617-635-4500, or by leaving feedback for the Mayor's South Boston liaison Eric Prentis at617-635-2680,eric.prentis@boston.gov. Even numbered streets became west-bound and odd numbered streets became east-bound. Main arteries have remained two-way streets. Streets that are currently one-way streets maintained their original direction."
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Office of Arts and Culture announced Pop-Up: Franklin Park Art Grove, a call to artists to submit proposals for temporary, site-related art work. The three-tiered program will include a selection of outdoor art interventions, public talks, and artist-led youth workshops, sited in Franklin Parks Wilderness Picnic Grove during the month of August 2015. Pop-Up: Franklin Park Art Grove is a collaboration between the Boston Art Commission, Franklin Park Coalition, the William Monroe Trotter Institute, and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department. Selected proposals will receive up to $1,500 in funding.The artistic community in Boston is a vital aspect of our city, said Mayor Walsh. This is an exciting opportunity to showcase the community's talent and enliven one of Boston's premier public spaces. I encourage artists from across all disciplines to make a submission, and look forward to seeing this theme expressed in a multitude of unexpected and creative ways.The theme of Pop-Up: Franklin Park Art Grove is endurance. This theme can be broadly interpreted, from the literal endurance of nature as it renews itself every year to the endurance of cities and cultures over time. Priority will be given to interactive proposals that are rooted in this theme, fostering connections between the local community, the natural resources of the area, and the cultural context of Franklin Park. Artists working in any medium are welcome to apply. Accepted media may include sculpture, fashion design, installation, music, painting, drawing, performance, or dance. Collaborations between artists working in different media are encouraged.Proposal DetailsSubmission DetailsMayor Walsh believes the arts are crucial to both expressing and achieving his vision for Boston as a thriving, healthy, and innovative global leader of the 21st century. In his first year in office, Mayor Walsh doubled community arts funding by committing to match the Massachusetts Cultural Councils annual grant to the Boston Cultural Council took steps to improve the artist permitting process revived the poet laureate program, naming Danielle Legros Georges Bostons Poet Laureate and appointed Julie Burros the Citys first Chief of Arts and Culture in more than two decades, elevating the conversation about the arts to the highest level of City government.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that posted residentialstreetsweeping will begin onWednesday, April 1. Street sweeping had been postponedin neighborhoods with Marchstreetsweeping due to ice and snow covering gutters. Residents are asked to obey parking restrictions in order to assist with the City's efforts to clean the streets after the snow has begun to melt. Violatorswho do not move their cars during street sweeping hourswill be subject to a $40 ticket and towing. The street sweeping schedule is availablehere.The City of Boston is continuingsnow recovery efforts from the historic amount of snow Boston received over a thirty day period. Earlier this month, thePublic Works Department began District Yard street sweeping through major roadways and arteries and has removed 350tons of trash from the streets of Boston.Along with street sweeping, the Mayor has approved 20 hokeys to assist in trash removal efforts.On February 11, Public Works began proactively surveying roads to fill potholes following the heavy use of salt and snow removal equipment used on roads as a result of the snow storms.Since then, 700tonsof hot top has been used to fill nearly 5,000potholes.Beginning onApril 24, the Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services will lead the annual ""Boston Shines,"" recruiting volunteers to tackle cleaning the streets of Boston one neighborhood at a time for three consecutive weekends.Residents may learn more and become involved with Boston Shines by visitinghttp://www.cityofboston.gov/ons/BostonShinesIn 2014, the Office of Neighborhood services, working with partnership organizations, completed 295 projects in neighborhoods throughout Boston. Neighborhood Services liaisons are currently working with community members to identify projects for this year's effort. The Mayor's Office hopes to expand volunteer opportunities this year while focusing on four service areas: physical service, university engagement, youth development and uniting neighbors and communities.With the snow continuing to melt, Boston's parks are expected to be ready for spring. The Parks and Recreation Department is continuing to monitor athletic field conditions and will beworking with current permit holdersas well as providing updates to the public through social media. In the event that Public Works decides to cancelstreetsweeping and parking enforcement for weather related reasons, notifications will be sent out by e-mail to NO-TOW subscribers or you may contact the Mayor's 24 Hour Hotline for updated information at617-635-4500. Subscribe to street sweeping alertshere."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the Urban Land Institutes 2014-2015 Daniel Rose Fellows will visit Boston March 30 - April 2 to help the City evaluate development opportunities. The Rose Fellowship is a year-long program that provides cohort cities with technical assistance and outside expertise on a land use challenge. Boston was chosen to participate this year, along with Pittsburgh, Seattle and Omaha. Awarded to four cities nationwide, the fellowship is an opportunity for the study of each citys urban landscape.Based on the current plan for growth zone areas in Boston, the chosen focus-area is Washington Street, between Forest Hills and Egleston Square. This area was chosen by a cohort of Rose Fellows in consultant with the Boston Rose Fellows (Policy Chief Joyce Linehan Housing Chief Sheila Dillon John Fitzgerald, Senior Project Manager at the Boston Redevelopment Authority and coordinator Danny Green, Deputy Chief of Policy).Fellows from other partnering cities will be in Boston during the week of March 30 to study the site and gather information before making a formal presentation to the City of Boston on Thursday, April 2 at 9:30am in the BRA Board, 9th floor of City Hall. This presentation is open to the public.We are honored to have been selected by the Rose Center for this opportunity, said Mayor Walsh. The concepts and ideas that this group of national experts can provide will be extremely valuable as we figure out how to maximize the potential of the Washington Street Corridor, so that it contributes positively to the growth of our city. I look forward to a robust public process to hear the thoughts of the community on the results of this study, as they know the needs of their neighborhood best.According to Rose Center Executive Director Jess Zimbabwe, the panels work represents an excellent opportunity to revitalize a key area of the city that has significant economic development potential. We are very excited to work with Mayor Walsh and his team to help re-energize the Washington Street Corridor, Zimbabwe said. The goal is to leverage the areas human capital and existing development to attract new investment in a variety of land uses that will provide an economic boost as well as enhanced public space that benefits the entire community.Local officials play a critical role in land use decision-making, and we are excited to see the opportunities and outcomes on Washington Street resulting from the Rose Centers partnership with the City of Boston, said National League of Cities CEO and Executive Director Clarence E. Anthony. The National League of Cities is proud to support the Rose Centers mission to work with elected leaders and staff to promote the best land use policies in urban areas, which results in building better communities for our residents.The Washington Street Corridor, approximately one mile from the Forest Hills MBTA station to Egleston Square, presents the City of Boston with an opportunity to reassess the identity, create a new vision, and think strategically about the types of uses, the public realm, and the scale of development that are best suited for the Corridor and for the Jamaica Plain neighborhood.The Boston Redevelopment Authority is currently embarking on a planning study of the Corridor. The City of Boston is looking to the Rose Center to augment this study by providing recommendations and lend an independent voice as the City considers options including transit-oriented development as well as other residential and commercial options along the Corridor.The study of the Corridor must examine and determine the compatibility of different uses including housing, commercial, and light industrial while studying the impacts of traffic and other forms of transportation. Of particular focus is the recent wave of mixed use residential projects making their way to the Corridor, and determining the implications of redevelopment. The study will also focus on reassessing the identity of the Corridor in which the public realm will be studied in order to create more consistency and beautification efforts from end to end. Property owners, public agencies, and other stakeholders should have a clear direction for the future of the Washington Street Corridor at the completion of the study.The first task will be an inventory and assessment of existing land use, zoning, demographics, recently permitted development or development under review, transportation, and parking along the Corridor, as well as an identification of the opportunities, priorities, issues, and weaknesses within the Corridor.These opportunities and priorities will help to determine a vision that matches community desires with the realities of the current real estate market conditions for the Corridor. The next step will be to create and consolidate urban design and transportation improvement recommendations as well as build-out concepts based on the community vision for the future growth of the Corridor. The final step will be to identify responsible parties and assign timelines for implementation.
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the Mayor's Office of Arts + Culture will featureBorderless Bird,"" an exhibition of paintings by Colette Bresilla of East Boston.Bresillas reflections on her HaitianAmerican experiences are reflected in her narrative painting style. From her women smoking pipes to her groupings of abstract figures, each painting has a mysterious story to tell. The exhibition will hangin theMayors Gallery on the fifth floor of Boston City HallfromApril 6th to May 15th, 2015.""I am proud to feature artwork from a member of Boston's Haitian community,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Colette'sremarkable paintings willundoubtedly inspire the public, and I hope everyone has an opportunity to stop by and visit.""Creating 'art' is sometimes a channel of responding to the world we live in, by expressing the joy as well as the horror with the current state of social, political and economic affairs,"" said Bresilla. ""My paintings are the result of such realities, which convey the sweetness and the bitterness of our everyday life. My inspirations are drawn from meditation, certain genres of music, reading, and observing people interact. Concentrating on the female figure, especially the Japanese geisha, being a Haitian-born Artist I try to explore and explode traditional conceptions of women, presenting the viewers with figures who appeal to and confound them. The drawings and lush paintings convey the undeniable realities of womens struggles across national and cultural boundaries. Also as a Borderless Bird, I value the time I have spent in countries in West Africa and Europe, especially Paris, where my mind and eyes absorb what these rich cultures have to offer to inspire me to share what I have experienced through my art.""The Galleries at Boston City Hall are open to the public at no charge. Boston City Hall is accessible by MBTA via State Street (Orange and Blue lines) and Park Street (Green and Red lines). For additional information, call617-635-3245, or visithttp://www.cityofboston.gov/arts."
"Mayor Martin J. Walshtonightreleased the following statement:""My thoughts and prayers are with the Officer injuredtonight, his family andfriends and the entire Boston Police Department during this difficulttime. These acts of violence have no place in our neighborhoods. Ourcommunity is stronger than ever, andtonightwe are thankful for allof those who put their lives on the on the line everyday to protectour City."""
The Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Swim League brings together kids from all backgrounds for fun, exercise, new friendships, and teamwork. The league runs for six months each year and features weekly meets on Fridays. The Championship Meet is sponsored by Northern Contracting. Over 300 youth from 13 BCYF swimming pools across the City will compete and 400 parents and supporters of the swimmers will be in attendance.When: Saturday, March 28, 2015 9:30 a.m. to 12 noon (age 10 and under) 2 to 4:30 p.m. (ages 11 and older.)Where: UMass Boston Clark Athletic Center swimming pool, 100 Morrissey Boulevard. (Parking area and entrance will be marked with balloons.)Who: Bostons Chief of Health & Human Services,Felix Arroyo BCYFs Interim Executive Director,Christopher Byner Over 300 youthfrom 13 BCYF swimming pools across the City.
The Jamaica Plain Branch of the Boston Public Library at 12 Sedgwick Street in Jamaica Plain will undergo major building improvements beginning in August. The building renovation necessitates a temporary closure of the branch while work takes place. The temporary closure period will begin at 2:00 p.m. on Saturday, August 1, 2015, and is expected to last 18-24 months.The branch transformation marks a new era of library service for Jamaica Plain library users once the renovation is complete, the branch will be a more user-friendly, welcoming place with offerings for all community members to enjoy, said Christine Schonhart, Director of Library Services, Branches.The goals of the renovation project include an enhanced and expanded childrens area, creation of a teen area and gallery space, and improved technology, including a maker space, expanded adult reading area, an upgraded multi-purpose room, and refreshed collections. A 700-square-foot addition to the building will provide a new reading room for the community.Collections may be returned to the Jamaica Plain Branch up until August 1. During the temporary closure period, Jamaica Plain Branch users are encouraged to use the Connolly Branch, located at 433 Centre Street in Jamaica Plain and the Egleston Square Branch at 2044 Columbus Avenue in Roxbury, as well as any of the Boston Public Librarys other locations throughout the city.An interactive mapof locations is available on the Boston Public Library website. The library will post information about the project on theCompass Blogon the Boston Public Library website along with any necessary program rescheduling information.AboutBOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced five transportation initiatives to improve how individuals on foot, bike, or in a vehicle move around the City of Boston with a significant focus on improving public safety. The announcements include a complete streets approach to Commonwealth Avenue, featuring protected bike lane on from the BU Bridge to Packards Corner, the adoption of Vision Zero Boston, aimed at eliminating traffic fatalities in the city, the citywide replacement of parking meters with intelligent parking meters, and a pilot program to eliminate street sweeping towing. The initiatives are early action projects as part of Go Boston 2030 launched to imagine a bold new transportation plan for Boston for the next five, 10, and 15 years. Additionally, the Mayor and the Boston Transportation Department will begin a nationwide search for a new Active Transportation Director to think holistically about how our streets are used by people who walk, bike, and take transit.Were implementing innovative and inventive transportation strategies and infrastructure upgrades in the City of Boston to improve travel safety and convenience, said Mayor Walsh. Whether you walk, drive, take the T, or ride a bike on our streets, were looking at solutions that can accommodate every mode of transportation in a meaningful way.Vision ZeroMayor Walsh announced that the City of Boston will adopt Vision Zero, based on the premise that traffic fatalities are not accidents, but rather they are crashes that can be prevented by effective policies and systematic evaluation, enforcement, engineering, education, and community engagement. By adopting Vision Zero, the City of Boston joins cities such as New York, San Francisco, and Chicago, which have committed to making traffic safety a priority. Toward that end, Mayor Walsh has convened a Vision Zero Task Force to develop an action plan for a comprehensive and coordinated strategy to eliminate traffic fatalities and injuries in Boston. The Task Force includes representatives of Bostons Transportation Department (BTD), the Boston Police Department (BPD), the Public Works Departments (PWD), the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC), Boston Emergency Medical Services (EMS), and WalkBoston, Massachusetts leading pedestrian advocacy organization, and the Boston Cyclists Union. Early action items include:Commonwealth Avenue Multi-Modal RedesignAt a public meeting held at Boston University, the City of Boston last night unveiled the new Commonwealth Avenue Phase 2A Redesign Plan, which will transform the portion of this busy thoroughfare that extends between the BU Bridge to Packards Corner. The built roadway will be innovative and provide bicyclists with physically protected bike lanes on both the inbound and outbound sides of the avenue. It will also offer the MBTA and its patrons with fully ADA compliant crossings at all intersections along the project route and will create a framework for the construction of wider platforms that will be safer and more efficient for trolley riders. The design affords motor vehicle drivers and pedestrians with numerous enhanced amenities.The Complete Streets design incorporates a Protected Intersection approach to make Commonwealth Avenue one of the most progressive multi-modal corridors in the country, and the first time that this design component will be used on Bostons public streets. This utilizes a sizeable separation between bikes and cars at intersections to reduce right hooks, a common cause of bicycle/motor vehicle crashes where motor vehicle drivers turning right crash with cyclists continuing straight. This is a cutting edge safety feature built into the design along with bike boxes and a corner deflection island to maximize safety while accommodating turns and providing better visibility for both motor vehicle drivers, cyclists, and pedestrians.A collaborative process between Bostons bicycle advocates, pedestrian groups, the Boston University community, as well as others with an interest in Commonwealth Avenue, helped formulate the design with the City.Commonwealth Avenue in the project area will also receive new street lighting, landscaping, repaving and new street furniture. Construction financing for this $17 million project is being funded 80% by the federal government and 20% by the state. The city expects to have another public meeting in the fall of 2015 before bidding begins on the project contract. Construction is expected to begin in the spring of 2016 with a completion date of late fall of 2017. The design process for this project began in 2009.Adding protected bike lanes has shown positive economic impacts on surrounding businesses in cities across the country, including New York City, San Francisco, and Portland. A redesign of NYCs Union Square to include a protected bike lanes resulted in nearly 50% fewer commercial vacancies, and the construction of a protected bike lane on 9th Avenue saw a nearly 50% increase in retail sales. Studies have shown that adding a protected bike lane increases cycling traffic on the roadway, boosting retail performance, with nearly 70% of merchants on San Franciscos Valencia Street seeing a positive impact on business. Studies have shown that customers who arrive at retail stores by bike spend the same amount per month as comparable people who arrive by car, making smaller purchases but returning more frequentlyIntelligent Parking MetersThe Boston Transportation Department will be making parking at the curb smarter and easier for people who park at the 8,000 metered spaces across the City. With the addition of new intelligent multi-space and single space parking meters, drivers can pay through mobile phone, a credit card, or pocket change. This next generation of meters will also provide real-time data to the City to help BTD better manage the space at the curb. The information provided by an upgraded parking system and an analysis of current on-street parking regulations will allow the City to make decisions based on data, not just intuition. Credit card and mobile payment enabled meters have shown increased revenue with drivers more likely to pay for the maximum length of stay.Multi-space meters will be deployed in new locations in the Back Bay and in the Innovation District to improve City operations. A typical multi-space meter allows for more vehicles to fit on a blockface than a block demarcated with single space meters. In addition to the approximately 145 new multi-space meters that will replace some single space meters, current multi-space meters throughout the Back Bay and parts of Downtown will be upgraded, reducing annual maintenance costs for the aging equipment.The remaining single space parking meters will be replaced with smart single space parking meters that can also be paid for with a mobile phone, credit card, or pocket change. A current pilot of credit card enabled single space meters in the Back Bay and around the Public Garden has shown positive results since deployment. This next generation of meters will provide the potential for collecting occupancy and turnover rate of vehicles, critical data that gives the City insight on how to better manage the curb space around Boston.Street Sweeping PilotMayor Walsh will file a City Council ordinance to pilot a new street sweeping initiative in one of Bostons neighborhoods. The ordinance, which is being drafted now, will propose eliminating towing for street sweeping, and increase the fine for not moving a vehicle from $40 to $90. The City plans to use the pilot to determine whether this initiative should be extended to other neighborhoods.
"Mayor Walsh today announced that Councilors Michelle Wu and Tim McCarthy filed an Ordinance to create the City of Boston's first-ever Paid Parental Leave policy. The City Council will assign the Ordinance to a committee, where a hearing process precedes a vote on the matter. The Mayor will sign the Ordinance should the Council pass it.The Councilors' Ordinance contains the Mayor's policy of granting up to six weeks of Paid Parental Leave to both men and women, as well as same-sex couples, who have worked for the City for at least one year.When we work together, there arent many limitations on what we can do to make improvements in local government, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. It is important for parents to be engaged in a childs early life. I am thankful that Councilors Wu and McCarthy are supportive of this initiative, to grant parents who devote their lives to public service the hard-earned support they deserve. My office is proud to support and introduce policies that advance both men and women in the workplace and all aspects of city life. It is my hope that businesses will consider taking the same action steps to ensure families are thriving and healthy.""As a new working mom, I am especially proud to partner with Mayor Walsh and my colleagues to ensure that Boston continues to lead on access to economic opportunity for working families, said Councilor Wu. This ordinance will help alleviate some pressure on working parents who have to make tough choices every day to do the best they can for their families. Access to paid parental leave will be good for the City, for parents, and most of all, for kids.""""As a father of two, the bonding period between parents and a newborn is so important, and so is the bonding and support needed to strengthen the parents' relationship during a happy but stressful time, said Councilor MCCarthy. This is the right ordinance for Boston and its families.""Once adopted, the policy will help eligible City of Boston employees overcome a glaring deficiency in American family leave policies. Presently, the United States joins the countries of Oman and Papa New Guinea as three nations that lack a paid parental leave policy.Approximately 178 countries offer a form of maternity leave, with over 50 countries offering leave to fathers, as well.Previous parental leave policies, such as the Family and Medical Leave Act and Massachusetts Parental Leave Act, have focused on protecting parents' jobs during unpaid leave. The lack of income during periods of parental leave is a factor in the wage gap experienced by many women, and forces employees to return to work sooner than theirparticular family may really need with their newborn or newly adopted child.Mayor Walsh is proud to work with the Councilors to adopt a Paid Parental Leave policy that features some of these specifics:As a State Representative, Mayor Walsh was the lead sponsor of the legislation that goes into effect on April 7, 2015 to update the former Massachusetts Maternity Leave Act of 1972, renaming it the Massachusetts Parental Leave Act and codifying that it would be available for men, women, as well as male same-sex couples for the first time. Mayor Walsh is proud to work with Councilors Wu and McCarthy to build on that progress with this Paid Parental Leave policy."
"My top priority is to bring the highest level of transparency to the Olympic process and I commend the Governor, Senate President and Speaker for taking this step, Mayor Martin J. Walsh said. ""Hosting the Olympic Games holds great economic potential for the city, and I look forward to working together on all aspects of this bid to ensure that we are moving forward in a way that is best for the residents of Boston and the Commonwealth."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency, invite Boston youth and families to BCYF Summer Warm-Up, a free, fun filled resource fair to help jump-start summer planning. It will be held on Saturday, April 11th, at the BCYF Tobin Community Center, 1481 Tremont Street, Mission Hill, from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m.The summer is an important time for young people to be learning, engaged, making new friends and connecting to caring mentors, said Mayor Walsh. The Summer Warm Up is an opportunity for Boston families to learn about all that BCYF has to offer this summer and make plans now. The goal of the event is to connect Boston children, teens and families with information about BCYFs summer camps and programs, youth employment opportunities, teen nights and activities, and community events during the summer. The Summer Warm-Up will have a carnival-like atmosphere with balloons, music, activities and most-importantly--resource tables. There will also be raffle prizes including $100 scholarships to a BCYF summer program. Most programs are enrolling and this event provides all kinds of information about whats available. Dont get left out!Boston residents of all ages are welcome. Children under 12 must be accompanied by an adult. Before you arrive, take a look at BCYFs Summer Guide 2015 to see what programs will be represented at the Warm-Up at Boston.Gov/BCYF. Hard copies will be available at the event.  
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced ""OneBostonDay,"" a new tradition to honor the resiliency, generosity and strength of the City ofBostononApril 15. Thedaywill be an opportunity to recognize the good in our community and reflect on the spirit of grace and resilience of the people ofBostonthat was exemplified in the response to the loss and the tragedies of April 15, 2013. The new tradition will put a mark on adayhonoring the strength of our city, its people and their acts of goodness towardoneanother.The Mayor made the announcement with John Hancock at the unveiling of the2015BostonMarathon streetbanners at Marathon Sports on Boylston Street. ""OneBostonDaywill inspire all of us to come together as the community we are and share the spirit ofBostonby giving back,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""April 15is a date that has come to stand for our citys deepest values. I hope everyone can mark thisdayin a way that is appropriate and inclusive for each of our experiences.""""OneBostonDay"" will encourage random acts of kindness and spreading goodwill, and activities across the City will encourage individuals to give back to their community.The new tradition came together in compilation with the desire expressed by many survivors to pass on the kindness, generosity and support they received following the 2013BostonMarathon.On the morning ofApril 15, the Mayor will assist in raising honorary banners on Boylston Street to honor the victims and survivors ofApril 15, 2013. The Mayor will then visit multiple community sites throughoutBoston's neighborhoods marking ""OneBostonDay."""
WHAT:       Mayor Martin J. Walsh will kick-off the Eigth Annual BCYF Spelling Bee hosted by Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency, and sponsored by the Boston Bruins Foundation with travel support provided by JetBlue. The winner will go on to participate in the Scripps National Spelling Bee, the nations largest and longest-running spelling bee, in Washington, D.C. in May.Mayor Walsh will speak to the spellers before the start of the Bee and present their participation medals. This is always an exciting, suspenseful event with cheers (and some tears) from the audience and participants.WHEN:      Saturday, March 21 ,10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m.WHERE:      BCYF Mildred Avenue Community Center, 5 Mildred Avenue, MattapanWHO:
The exhibitionThe Handel and Haydn Society: Bringing Music to Life for 200 Yearsopens at the Boston Public Librarys Central Library in Copley Square in the Cheverus Room on Tuesday, March 24, and runs through Saturday, September 5. The bicentennial exhibition explores Handel and Haydn Societys long musical history and features original artifacts drawn from H+Hs private archives and the Boston Public Librarys Rare Books & Manuscripts Department, including photographs, program books, newspaper clippings, and other materials dating back to the early 1800s.This exhibition is a must-see for classical music fans and admirers of the Handel and Haydn Society. But all visitors with interests in Boston and American history will find a great deal here that is appealing, illuminating, and fun, said Handel and Haydn Societys Executive Director and CEO Marie-Hlne Bernard. Its perfect for families.Historical timelines overlaid with archival material are included in the exhibition, which is enhanced by a smartphone app and iPad stations that include music and interactive demonstrations. The Hearing History station simulates what a performance of HandelsHallelujahChorus may have sounded like at the first Handel and Haydn performance in 1815. The smartphone app allows visitors to access additional material from the Handel and Haydn archives, including digitized photos, and conduct a historic walking tour. The opening date of the exhibition coincides with the 200thanniversary of H+Hs founding and Handel and Haydn Society Day in the City of Boston. A corresponding symposium held by the Music Critics Association of North America titled The Handel and Haydn Society: Past, Present, and Future takes place onFriday, March 27, from 1-3 p.m.in the Abbey Room at the Boston Public Library.The exhibition tells the story of a significant period in Bostons cultural and musical history and enables our audiences to experience timeless music in new and creative ways, said Beth Prindle, Manager of Exhibitions & Programming at Boston Public Library.A portion of the Handel and Haydn Societys archival collection of books, scores, and archives was gifted to the Boston Public Library in 1975 to be preserved as part of the permanent research collection. The collection ranges from early imprints of Handel's music and copies of the Handel and Haydn Society Collection of Church Music to the holographs of commissioned works. The archives includes copies of bills and disbursements dating back to 1815, printers' plates for tickets, programs from 1815-1912, membership lists and by-laws. Afinding aidto the Handel and Haydn Archives isavailable online.The Handel and Haydn Society:Bringing Music to Life for 200 Yearswas developed by Tamar Agulian, who worked in collaboration with Handel and Haydn Societys staff members, including Christopher Hogwood Historically Informed Performance Fellow Teresa M. Neff, archivist Michelle Chiles, and Director of Bicentennial and Community Engagement Emily Yoder Reed. The exhibition is presented in partnership with the Freedom Trail Foundation and the MIT Museum, and is made possible with funding from the Adams Arts Program of the Massachusetts Cultural Council and the Plymouth Rock Foundation.The exhibition is open during regular Boston Public Library hours and is located on the third floor of the BPLs McKim building. The best entrance to use is the Dartmouth Street entrance via the McKim building, which faces Copley Square.AboutBOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.AboutTHEHANDEL AND HAYDN SOCIETYFounded in Boston in 1815, the Handel and Haydn Society (H+H) is considered Americas oldest continuously performing arts organization. H+H celebrates its Bicentennial in 2015 with a series of special concerts and initiatives to honor 200 years of music making. Under Artistic Director Harry Christophers leadership, H+Hs Period Instrument Orchestra and Chorus present live and recorded historically informed performances of this repertoire in ways that stimulate the musical and cultural life of the Greater Boston community and beyond. As a 21st-century performing arts organization, H+Hs primary roles are to perform and educate, and to serve as a resource center and community partner. The Karen S. and George D. Levy Education Program, established in 1985, annually reaches 10,000 children throughout Boston and eastern Massachusetts.Image Caption: Handel and Haydn Society Records, MS 5084. Rare Books and Manuscripts Department, Boston Public Library. Courtesy of the Trustees of the Boston Public Library.
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh gave an update on the Municipal Strategies for Financial Empowerment public forum taking place this Sunday, March 22 from 3:30pm to 5:30pm. The panel will feature Mayor Walsh, Seattle Mayor Ed Murray, other Mayors from around the country, and an audience question and answer period. The event will be held at the Campus Center at UMass Boston and is part of a two day US Conference of Mayors Leadership meeting being held in Boston. The event is sponsored by Citi.In Boston we are building an economy that works for everybody, and putting programs and strategies in place to lift individuals and families out of poverty, by giving them the tools to build financial security, said Mayor Walsh. This forum is a place to talk to residents about their experiences, and hear from peers in government about the work being done across the country to put those seeking financial empowerment on the path to achieving their dreams.Research from FamilyAssetsCount.org shows that almost half of nationwide households lack the necessary savings to cover the loss of a job, emergency car repairs or even medical bills, said Bill Mills, CEO of North America for Citi. Mayors across the country are stepping up to play a central role in bolstering household financial security, and we are proud to join the U.S. Conference of Mayors and the Cities of Opportunity Taskforce to support and showcase their innovative initiatives.""Financial empowerment is a crucial topic in neighborhoods throughout Boston and across the country,"" said UMass Boston Chancellor J. Keith Motley. ""We're proud that Mayor Walsh is leading the national discussion on this issue, and we're pleased to contribute by hosting this distinguished panel.""Mayors nationwide are leading efforts to address economic resilience and systemic inequality, challenging issues gripping our cities and our country. The 2-hour panel will be moderated by Dr. Eric Rosengren, President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston. The Mayors will discuss municipal strategies for credit building, wealth creation, consumer and family protection, and financial empowerment, aimed at improving outcomes for low and moderate income households. The program will include a 40-minute question and answer period with the attendees. Participants are asked to RSVP here:https://www.eventbrite.com/e/municipal-strategies-for-financial-empowerm...Mayor Walsh is a national leader on these complex issues, serving as Vice Chair of The U.S. Conference of Mayors Cities of Opportunity Task Force alongside Chair Mayor DeBlasio. Established at the Conferences Annual Meeting last June, the Task Force aims to bring mayors from across the country to together to leverage the power of local governments to advance a national, common equity agenda with local policies and best-practices that will help to expand opportunity for all.""The nations mayors cannot stand idly by when Washington does not act, US Conference of Mayors CEO and Executive Director Tom Cochran about the ongoing work of the Conference's Task Force. We have an obligation to do what we can from where we sit to address issues of inequality and grow economic opportunities for the people living in cities and their metropolitan areas all across the country.""In 2014 Mayor Walsh launched the Office of Financial Empowerment in Boston, which offers residents financial coaching and career development tools, and signed an Executive Order for payment certification requirements for vendors with city contracts to prevent wage theft.Due to miscommunication between the U.S. Conference of Mayors and theBoston Mayors office regarding Mayor de Blasio's schedule, the participation of Mayor de Blasio was announced without confirmation. He is not scheduled to appear on the public panel."
"Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced he has signed an Executive Order creating the Veteran-Owned Small Business Development Initiative, aimed at increasing participation of veteran owned small businesses in City contracting opportunities. This Executive Order follows the Mayors announcement of the program during his Boston Chamber of Commerce speech in December 2014.I am proud to sign this executive order which gives us the opportunity to promote self-reliance, strengthen veteran owned businesses, and help those who have valiantly served this country, never asking for anything in return,"" said Mayor Walsh.This is a great opportunity for veteran business owners like myself to support the City of Boston and grow our companies, said Richard Haughn, a former service member, and the owner of Bayside Embroidery, a custom screen printing and embroidery business in South Boston. I want to thank Mayor Walsh for taking this innovative approach to supporting veterans who are also entrepreneurs.TheSmall and Local Business Enterprise Office (SLBE)will conduct outreach to identify Veteran Owned Small Businesses (VOSB) that may benefit from this initiative. The office will encourage businesses to verify their status as a VOSB by signing up atwww.vetbiz.gov, and provide registered VOSBs with information and education regarding City contracting needs and policies.The SLBE will compile and maintain a list of registered VOSBs that will be updated regularly and distributed to city departments. When procuring goods and services, public building projects, and building construction contracts, city departments will be instructed to solicit a quote from at least one VOSB. City departments will also inform the SLBE of all advertised contracting opportunities, which will distribute the information about the available opportunities to registered VOSBs.The mission of the Small and Local Business Enterprise Office (S/LBE) is to create economic opportunity by certifying the availability of small business enterprises, small Boston-based business enterprises, and also minority-owned and woman-owned business enterprises, to City departments and advocating on behalf of these businesses to help them compete successfully for City contracts, as well as in the Boston area's economy as a whole."
"The app will launchFriday, May 15and can be downloaded atwww.cityofboston.gov/parks/tennis.aspWe are excited to offer this program to tennis players in our City's parks, said Mayor Walsh. We have plenty of courts, all offering tennis for free in the city, and theplaylocal.comapp will make reserving courts and finding a partner a much more efficient process.""  The pilot Play Local app program will be in effect during park hours at public tennis courts at four locations in Boston beginningFriday. Ringer Playground in Allston, Moakley Park in South Boston, and Cassidy Playground in Brighton will feature Play Local reservations from7 a.m. to 10 p.m.daily, while the Boston Common tennis courts will offer them from7 a.m. to 11 p.m.daily. Signs will be posted at each court indicating the courts available for reservation. Players can sign up for free from any PC or mobile device atwww.cityofboston.gov/parks/tennis.asp. Once on the booking page, users will see the park locations with maps. After selecting a park, users reserve their court and receive a confirmation by email.After extensive research, we found that tennis players across Boston share a common concern  arriving at a court and being forced to wait upwards of an hour to play, said Anmol Wassan, CEO ofplaylocal.com. Our platform seeks to solve that problem and create a better experience for the tennis playing community."""
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined NationalParksServices Director Jonathan Jarvis in Boston to officially launch a nationwide U.S. Department of Interior effort to increase awareness, support and participation in outdoor programs. The effort is a partnership with the YMCA of the USA and funded through a $5 million commitment from American Express to help the Department reach its goal of one million volunteers on public lands annually.Under Mayor Walsh's leadership, Boston'sparksare cleaner, safer, more lively, and more accessible than ever. Last year the City renovated 16 neighborhoodparks, from a new tot lot at Billings Field in West Roxbury to a soccer field in LoprestiParkin East Boston.  97 percent of Bostonians live within a 10-minute walk of aparkmaking Boston number one in the nation in access toparks.""This initiative speaks to our shared goals for Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Working together, we will encourage more children to play, learn, serve, and work outside. Here in the City of Boston, we are committed to giving our young adults the best opportunities to succeed."" The initiative will create a community coordinator position in Boston to engage young people in the outdoors and will allow the City to join the YMCA in hosting a community-wide summit to bring together stakeholders committed to these goals.Children across our nation are increasingly disconnected from nature, yet playing outside and learning about the natural world is fun, healthy and builds confidence in kids. Likewise, engaging volunteers of all ages in caring forparksand public lands not only leverages public resources, it builds pride and a connection to these special places that stays with people forever, said Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell. Boston is blessed withparksand national public lands close by, and a strong network of public and nonprofit leaders committed to getting kids outdoors, active and connected to nature. Through the 50 Cities Initiative, with the financial support of American Express and community connections of the YMCA, we are nurturing a movement to foster the next generation of leaders and outdoor stewards while helping people connect to the public lands in their community  particularly in urban areas like Boston.The nationwide efforts will help leverage resources and support the goals of President Obamas Every Kid in aPark initiative that was launched in February that will provide all fourth grade students and their families with free admission to nationalparksand other public lands and waters for a full year. In the lead up to the 100th birthday of the NationalParkService in 2016, the Presidents Every Kid in aPark initiative is a call to action to get all children to visit and enjoy Americas great outdoors.Community service and historic preservation have a long heritage at American Express, said Timothy J. McClimon, president, American Express Foundation. Since our founding more than 160 years ago, American Express has seen how Americasparksand public lands contribute to our sense of national and local identity, and we are proud to lead an effort to mobilize a new generation of volunteers to protect, conserve and revitalize Americas public lands and treasured nationalparks. ""Connecting children to open space is vital to the health and vitality of our comprehensiveParkssystem, said BostonParksCommissioner Chris Cook. ""The BostonParksand Recreation Department looks forward to its continued partnership with the NationalParkService to provide access and equity to all Boston's residents.""""The YMCA of Greater Boston is excited to partner with the city of Boston and the NationalParkService,"" said Kelley Rice, YMCA of Greater Boston spokesperson. "" Play, Learn, Serve and Work is a tremendous opportunity to engage community partners and Y members to connect in service to the community.In the near future, The YMCA of Greater Boston will convene a community-based summit, bringing together private, public and nonprofit partners with expertise in conservation, recreation and education to identify opportunities to increase service on public lands."""
The Boston School Committee tonight unanimously ratified a contract with Dr. Tommy Chang to serve as the next Superintendent of the Boston Public Schools (BPS). The five-year contract will take effectJuly 1, 2015.  Ratifying this contract tonight means we are one step closer to opening a new chapter in the long history of the Boston Public Schools, said Mayor Walsh. Tommy Chang has the expertise and vision to move BPS to the next level, and Im excited to see it happen.Under the terms of the contract, Dr. Chang will be paid $257,000 annually. Additionally, Dr. Chang will be eligible to receive annual performance increases, between 0 and 4%, based on his evaluation by the School Committee. While Dr. Chang will officially become Superintendent onJuly 1, 2015, he expects to be in Boston full-time starting in mid-April to work with Interim Superintendent John McDonough during a period of transition. Dr. Chang will receive a $500 per month car allowance in lieu of a city vehicle. Additionally, foundational support will be raised for the reimbursement of moving expenses, and a transition allowance of $2,500 per month for nine months. As promised, Dr. Chang brought a humble approach and acknowledged that we are facing budget pressures in Boston right now, said Michael ONeill, Chairperson of the Boston School Committee. We are pleased with the negotiations and outcome of this process. Im honored to serve as the next Superintendent of the Boston Public Schools, said Dr. Chang. Im eager to get on the ground here and to start listening and learning from the top-notch educators Boston has serving its students. The contract ratified by the School Committee is consistent with the contract between the School Committee and former Boston Public Schools Superintendent Dr. Carol R. Johnson. Dr. Johnson's salary was at $267,500 at her departure. Dr. Changs salary is slightly below the average of $260,000 for comparable-sized urban school districts, according to the Council of the Great City Schools, the nations primary coalition of large urban public school systems. 
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released an improved, map-based address search tool, which allows permit applicants to easily find addresses related to their projects, eliminating another roadblock in the permitting process. This new tool is based on a prototype that was created at the Citys inaugural HubHacks event last August. Thesecond HubHacksis slated to kickoff on March 14 at 10:00a.m. at District Hall, 75 Northern Avenue.Locating the ""address of record"" for a building is one of the first steps in the process to obtain any building or fire prevention permit in the City. This tool solves another major pain point for users in the permitting process, while the City is simultaneously working to rebuild its entire online permitting experience. A video demonstrating the new tool is availablehere.Making Bostons permitting process easy, clear, and predictable has been a priority of my administration since taking office, said Mayor Walsh. When residents, contractors, and business owners give us feedback and inform us of the challenges they face during the permitting process, we listen. Im proud to launch this new tool. It will make business in the city easier.""When I opened my new restaurant, this was a major stumbling block,"" James DiSabatino, Owner of Roxy's Gourmet Grilled Cheese, said. ""It's great to see Mayor Walsh listening to small businesses, engaging them in process of problem-solving and making concrete improvements.""The HubHacks event highlighted four outstanding issues in the Citys permitting process and members of Bostons tech community was able to aid in developing solutions. This is the second tool that the city has released built off a prototype from HubHacks. In December, the City unveiled a new online permit tracking tool calledPermit Finder, which allows residents, contractors, and the general public to check the status of permits through the approval process. The search application is now accessible on ouronline permitting portal."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that both Standard and Poor's Rating Service and Moody's Investor's Services have affirmed Boston's AAA bond rating, the highest possible credit rating a City can receive. Both agencies cited the City's sound fiscal management under Mayor Walsh's leadership and the strong and growing local economy.  ""These top credit ratings are a testament to the strong fiscal management that we have implemented to strengthen our city now, and for the long term,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We will continue to make smart fiscal decisions that will allow our neighborhoods, schools and local economy to thrive.""""The AAA rating reflects Boston's sound fiscal management of a stable financial position and the city's substantialand economically diverse tax base bolstered by strong government, health care and higher education sectors,"" said the Moody's rating report.""We consider Boston's economy very strong,"" said the Standard and Poor's rating report. ""Boston is the 21st-largest city in the nation and the economic hub of New England. The city is the state capital and center for government-related activities. In addition, its economic strengths include world-renownedbio medicalresearch capabilities, a large and broad-based high-tech and life science sector,and a substantial financial services sector. Supporting these strengths are a well-educated workforce and world-class higher education and academic medical centers, both within the city and surrounding area.""Additional factors for the favorable rating include:Standard and Poor's 2015 Ratings ReportMoody's 2015 Ratings Report"
"In honor of the centennial of the building of the former mayors mansion at 350 The Jamaicaway, a poster exhibit showcasingWentworthInstitute of Technology student curatorial concepts for a digital/virtual house museum will be placed in the Mayors Neighborhood Gallery on the 2ndfloor of City Hall untilMarch 31, 2015. A companion exhibit of Curley-related projects and artifacts will be featured in a glass display case located in the reception area of the Mayors office on the 5th floor of City Hall.The exhibit is drawn from a body of work created by students enrolled in a Wentworth Institute of Technology course in the Media, Culture, and Communications Studies Department titledDigital Approaches to Boston Culture: Curating the Legacy of Mayor James Michael Curley.""I want to congratulate the Wentworth students for their thoughtful and creative approach to this exhibit,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I encourage visitors to City Hall to browse the exhibit to get a better sense of Mayor Curley and his contributions to the City of Boston.""Commonly known as the House with the Shamrock Shutters, the former mayors mansion at 350 Jamaicaway in Jamaica Plain is a neo-Georgian style brick home built in 1915 during Curleys first term as mayor. Construction began on St. Patricks Day, and soon the stately mansion, designed by rising-star architect Joseph McGinniss and incorporating a dining room from the Fairhaven, MA estate of Henry H. Rogers, began to rise. The elegant mansion filled with crystal chandeliers, marble fireplaces, and intricate woodwork has over 21 rooms and is more than 10,000 square feet in size. The window shutters adorned with shamrocks proclaimed Curleys financial and political success as the son of impoverished immigrants.Although his opponents had him barred from succeeding himself as mayor, Curley was re-elected at three different intervals from 1922-26, from 1930-34, and from 1946-50. In 1934, Curley reached the pinnacle of his career when he was elected Governor of Massachusetts. Curley lived in the Jamaicaway mansion until he sold it to the Oblate Fathers in 1956, two years before his death. The Oblates lived in the house until 1988, when the City of Boston purchased it via the George Robert White Fund, and today it remains a testament to the Curley legacy.The Galleries at Boston City Hall are open to the public at no charge. Boston City Hall is accessible by MBTA via State Street (Orange and Blue lines) and Park Street (Green and Red lines). For additional information, call617-635-3245,or visithttp://www.cityofboston.gov/arts."
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the launch ofCEASEBoston (Cities Empowered Against Sexual Exploitation), a chapter of theCEASENetwork, a collaboration of 11 pioneering cities committed to combating sex trafficking by reducing demand for buying sex by 20 percent in two years. The launch, attended by Boston Police Commissioner William Evans, Attorney General Maura Healey, and Ambassador Swanee Hunt, marks the beginning of a two-year effort to reduce demand for paid sex in Boston.Boston is a city that is committed to ending sexual exploitation, andCEASEBoston is one major step towards that, said Mayor Walsh. Human beings, particularly women and children, are being bought for sex in our own neighborhoods. In Boston, we will not tolerate this illegal and exploitative industry that deprives vulnerable people of their basic human rights and funds a predatory business often tied to gangs and organized crime.The mission behind this initiative is simple: cutting off demand and limiting opportunity for exploitation, said Attorney General Maura Healey. While we continue to focus on improving services for survivors, addressing demand is an important part of combating human trafficking. We thank the Mayor for his leadership on this fundamental issue of public safety and human rights, and we look forward to working with him to put an end to sex trafficking in Boston.""The exploitative and abusive nature of the sex trafficking trade must come to an end,"" said Commissioner William Evans. ""Far too many young women are victimized by this harmful and destructive cycle. The Boston Police Department is committed to working closely withCEASEBoston and fully support their efforts to fight sex trafficking in the City of Boston.""CEASEBoston will target the men who are buying sex on the streets, and quietly using the Internet to solicit sex. The program aims to reduce online demand activity by 20 percent, as well as street level activity by 80 percent, over the next two years. The program will be co-chaired by Donna Gavin, Sergeant Detective of Boston Police Departments Human Trafficking Unit, and Daniel Mulhern, Director of the City of Bostons Public Safety Initiative. In Boston, the two-year countdown also tracks the progress of increasing accountability measures, growing public awareness of sexual exploitation in Boston, and improving access to treatment and exit programs for both survivors and buyers.CEASEBoston will measure success by tracking trends, including attitudes related to illegal commercial exploitation transaction trends on local websites as compared to other cities nationally online paid sex purchasing behaviors and efficacy of deterrent posts and public awareness intervention messages.While our women and children caught up in sex trafficking have limited options, sex buyers always make the choice to perpetuate a deeply damaging industry, said Audrey Morrissey, associate director of My Life My Choice, a survivor-led organization in Boston, and a survivor herself who attended todays launch. Reducing demand is just one important way to end the sexual exploitation of young people. As survivors, we are leaders in a fight that we know we can win.""We're very excited that Mayor Walsh is so publicly committed to this issue ,"" says Ziba Cranmer, Executive Director of Demand Abolition, a Cambridge based program working to reduce the demand for paid sex in America. ""It speaks volumes about his dedication to supporting some of the city's most vulnerable citizens. We're proud to call him a partner in our work.""Last month, the 11 cities in theCEASENetwork were announced during a gathering of national anti-trafficking leaders in Phoenix, AZ. The cities include: Atlanta, Boston, Chicago (Cook County, IL), Dallas (North Texas), Denver, Houston, Oakland (Alameda County), Phoenix, Portland (Multnomah County, OR), San Diego, and Seattle (King County, WA).CEASEBoston is supported by Demand Abolition, a Cambridge-based non-profit, catalyzing the new initiative to forge a network of cities that are independently developing their own strategies and tactics to reduce sex-buying."
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the City of Boston signed on to the Freedom to Marry Brief, in support of marriage equality for same-sex couples. In 2014 the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals held that gay men and lesbians, unlike all other individuals, have no fundamental right to marry (DeBoer v. Snyder, 772 F. 3d 388 (6th Cir. 2014). This session the U.S. Supreme Court is taking up a case that would resolve this question and if the Freedom to Marry opinion prevails, end same-sex couples exclusion from marriage nationwide. The Freedom to Marry Brief is supported by 226 Mayors and 40 cities across the country and the US Conference of Mayors, the International Association of Municipal Lawyers Association, and the National League of Cities.Boston is an inclusive city with residents who believe in and respect marriage equality, said Mayor Walsh. We are a city that rallied together so that Massachusetts could become the first state in the nation to allow same sex couples to get married, and our support is woven into the fabric of Bostons identity. Same sex families live among us, and are just like every family - invested in their communities and the future of Boston.Mayor Walsh has a long history of strong support for the LGBTQ community. In his current role, he has actively participated in events related to Boston Pride, served as the keynote speaker for The Men's Event and The Women's Event to benefit Fenway Health, and worked with City Council and the City's Public Employee Committee to guarantee transgender municipal employees and their dependents access to gender reassignment surgery, hormone therapy, and mental health services. Some of Mayor Walshs key appointments to his Cabinet and administration are gay, including the Citys first ever Chief of Civic Engagement.Mayor Walshs leadership on marriage equality emerged early in his career as State Representative when he helped lead the effort with MassEquality and the Massachusetts Gay and Lesbian Political Caucus to stop the anti-gay marriage constitutional amendment. He is credited by state and national LGBTQ rights organizations as one of the key influencers in making marriage equality a reality in Massachusetts.Mayor Walsh strongly believes that LGBTQ equality is a human rights issue. As a state legislator he:
In honor of Womens History Month, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined the Office of Arts & Culture and the Office of Womens Advancement in launching Lift/Women PowerLifters. This art display will feature the exhibition by photographer Liane Brandon in The Mayors Gallery on the fifth floor at Boston City Hall.In celebration of Womens History Month, it is with great pride that I welcome these portraits to be displayed in City Hall, said Mayor Marty Walsh. These portraits represent the strength and resilience women have shown, even in times of great defeat and hardship, and I encourage everyone to remember the struggle women continue to face as we continue to work to make sure our City is one of equity and inclusiveness across all Boston neighborhoods.The exhibition will be on display March 1  March 31, 2015. LIFT is a series of photographs celebrating four women powerlifters  women who defy physical and cultural stereotypes. They range in age from 27 to 60 and have all won regional, national or world competitions.Lodrina, a forensic computer expert, weighs 123 pounds and can lift 385 pounds. She recently placed first in national competition. Jessica has a bachelors degree in kinesthesiology. Candace is a mother, the lead singer in a band, and a national titleholder. Jane, the oldest, is a grandmother who went to Wellesley College. She holds four world records. Brandon has created astounding images that convey the physical nature of the sport while evoking the spirit of these women.I have always been concerned with the disconnect between public perception, media portrayal and reality  especially in the characterization of women, Brandon said. While my still photography has covered a wide range of subjects, the lingering issue of media stereotypes and women has never been far from my mind. The challenge for me as a documentary photographer is to create images that both convey the physical nature of the sport and evoke the spirit of these women. While they are quite literally strong, I also see their physical strength as a metaphor for all the qualities I respect in women who have made a total commitment to any endeavor: courage, conviction, dedication, and perseverance.
You are invited to cheer on 26 Boston youth from across Boston as they compete in Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) annual Citywide Spelling Bee on Saturday, March 21stat 10:30 a.m.! The Bee will be held at the BCYF Mildred Avenue Community Center/School in Mattapan and is sponsored by the Boston Bruins Foundation with travel support from JetBlue.A packed house of family, friends and spectators will cheer on the youth down to the final word. The winner will receive an all-expenses-paid trip to the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Washington, D.C. in May. The Scripps Bee is the nations largest and longest-running spelling bee. School children from all over the country converge on Washington D.C. every May to compete in the national bee. The one and only winner from Massachusetts was in 1939.The 26 participants in the BCYF Bee won a qualifying Bee at their Boston school earlier this year. Over 3000 Boston youth took part in the qualifying bees.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that he has selected East Boston resident Claudia Correa as East Bostons Neighborhood Liaison. The Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services (ONS) encourages, facilitates and maximizes citizen input and participation in all aspects of government through service requests, neighborhood meetings, mailings, and emergency responses. Correa joined the City in February.""I'm thrilled to announce that Claudia will be joining the team at City Hall as East Boston liaison,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""She brings with her exceptional outreach and community organizing experience, especially from her time serving numerous local non-profits focusing on homelessness and education in different Boston neighborhoods. She is highly active as a volunteer on many civic issues and I look forward to working with her as we continue a dialogue between City Hall and East Boston.""As East Boston Liaison, Correa will facilitate the delivery of services in collaboration with city departments and serve as a primary contact for constituents to communicate with the Mayor's Office. She will serve as the bridge between community members and the mayor, mostly focusing on neighborhood initiatives, safety and beautification.Correa previously worked for the Coalition to Protect Mass Jobs as the Outreach Director where she led the outreach to voters, organizations, community groups and businesses across the state. Prior to that, she served on Latino Outreach for Friends of Suffolk Downs. She also worked on Elizabeth Warrens Senate campaign in East Boston where she started out as a volunteer, and finished the campaign doing community outreach and civic engagement.Correa graduated from East Boston High School, then joined Year Up, where she worked with young adults in the city as a mentor and went on to graduate from UMASS Boston with a degree in Political Science. Correa currently resides in East Boston."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today addressed the Boston Municipal Research Bureau, laying out what the future of Boston could look like, recognizing the challenges facing Boston, and discussing how Boston's bid to host the 2024 Summer Olympics could help the City meet those challenges.""Today I invite youI challenge youto join me in taking the long view,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Lets talk about the future of our city. A thriving city needs a great transit system. A healthy city needs dynamic public space, diversified housing, and abundant opportunity. An innovative city is not afraid to change, grow, and take up a leadership role on the world stage. Above all, a great city should plan for the future with confidence and creativity.""The Mayor also acknowledged the impacts of the historic amount of snow Boston has received over a 30 day period, recognizing the accomplishments of city government in responding to these challenges: The Mayor's remarks as prepared for delivery follow: Mayor Martin J. WalshAddress to the Boston Municipal Research BureauMarch 4, 2015As prepared for deliveryThank you, Matt [Kiefer], thank you Sam [Tyler], and thank you to all the members and directors of the Boston Municipal Research Bureau. I especially want to thank you for the City in Transition report you shared with us last year. One of my cabinet chiefs called it an operating manual for city government. It was a great example of the service the Bureau provides to this City.Id like to acknowledge the elected officials present today: including members of the State Legislature and the Boston City Council.Members of my cabinet and various department heads are also here. This winter has tested us as a team. Im proud of how everyone came together. From coordinating homeless outreach, to answering phone calls on the Hotline, they went the extra mile.That spirit was shared across our city. I thank the people of Boston for their patience and perseverance, through six weeks of the worst weather weve ever seen. The Washington Post reported that a month like the one we had occurs less than once every 26,000 years.I want to give special recognition to Michael Dennehy, Commissioner of Public Works.Mike oversees every plow, dump truck, and snow melter on the streets and snow farms of Boston.He is here with one of the stars of his team: Dee Hendricks, a heavy equipment operator in South Boston. I want to give Mike, Dee, and the entire Public Works team a hand.As I said last month, this isnt Loon Mountain, its the City of Boston. But with 100 inches of snow in 30 days, we could have opened up our own ski resort.In fact, I stand before you at the tail endknock on woodof the biggest snow operation in Bostons history. I want to share some things you might not know about this monumental task.Im grateful to every single city worker and resident of Boston who contributed to this effort.The truth is, it has been a very difficult winter for everyone who lives, works, and does business in our region. E.J. Graff of Brandeis University, writing in the New York Times, called it a slow-motion natural disaster of historic proportions. The City has applied to FEMA for help with costs related to the January blizzard. And we are working with the state to secure additional federal relief for the relentless series of storms that followed.But the impact went far beyond the Citys budget. After we cleared the snow, it wasnt just the pavement that was left exposed. We saw, in stark relief, some of the hardest challenges that confront us, as a city and a region. We saw how aging infrastructure and poor public transit slow us down. We saw how income inequality and housing insecurity leave people on the edge. And we saw just how deeply families depend on our schools.Boston is growing stronger in many ways. But these long-term trends limit our potential and weaken our resilience. I planned to talk to you today about how we are innovating with data how we are protecting our perfect bond rating and how we are making permitting even easier. But I decided last week that this moment calls for a different kind of speech. Today I invite youI challenge youto join me in taking the long view. Lets talk honestly about what it will take to meet those challenges. Lets talk about the future of our city.A thriving city needs a great transit system. A healthy city needs dynamic public space, diversified housing, and abundant opportunity. An innovative city is not afraid to change, grow, and take up a leadership role on the world stage. Above all, a great city should plan for the future with confidence and creativity.We have the talent, the resources, and the heart to be that city. But weve seen it with the MBTA: business as usual doesnt get us there. So I want to talk about an incredibly powerful tool we have for realizing a shared vision. I want to talk about Bostons bid to host the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games.The conversation so far has been more heat than light. Theres a lot of confusionabout what the facts are, about how the process works, and whos driving it. I want to take the time today to make my position perfectly clear. This bid is a once-in-a-century opportunity: to upgrade our infrastructure to develop housing, commerce, and educational resources to take new prominence on the world stage and attract transformative global investment. Ultimately, its an opportunity to envision and build together the next chapter in Bostons history.Let me explain how I arrived at this conviction. When I first heard about the Olympic bid, I was skeptical, even dismissive. I wanted to know how we would pay for such a massive undertaking. Since becoming mayor, Ive learned the true depth of Bostons long-term needs. Ive come to believe it will take a new kind of collaborationbetween every level of government and the private sectorto unlock our regions full potential.Ive also learned more about Olympic financing. In other countries, governments bankroll Olympic bids and Olympic Games. That is not the case in the United States. Here, bids are privately funded. And Games have been fiscally sound.Let me tell you about Americas Olympic legacy. The 1984 Games in Los Angeles produced a surplus that endowed the LA84 Foundation. It has dispersed close to a quarter-billion dollars for youth sports across Southern California. After the 1996 Games in Atlanta, the athletes village became dorms for public universities, and its Olympic Park has been a catalyst for downtown resurgence. In Salt Lake City, the 2002 Games left a $101 million surplus that transformed venues into training centers and public amenities, while investing in youth sports.With Bostons rich network of foundations, colleges, businesses, and neighborhoods,the opportunities are limitless: to leverage private resources, and craft a transformative legacy. Well protect the public purse and advance the public interest. Well insist that public venues end up in better shape than they were found. New construction will have fully financed legacy uses. And infrastructure upgrades will answer our city and our states greatest needs.So make no mistake, we are in this to win: to bring the Olympic Games to Boston, along with the immense global investment and community benefits that come with it.But our bid will be a winner for Boston, even if we are not selected. And this is where I get excited. A smart planning process is something we can start right now. We have examples, from not too far away, of how this works. When New York City went for the 2012 Games, they didnt get their Olympics. But they did get planning that brought to life huge stretches of blighted waterfront.For more than half a century, neighbors pleaded for open space at the foot of the Brooklyn Bridge.Nothing seemed to move the needle. But with an Olympic bid in play, they got their open space within a few short years. And they got much more. Brooklyn Bridge Park is now an award-winning destination. It has opened up 1.3 miles of historic waterfront.Lets go back to something Bostonians have been asking for, for half a century: a reliable, efficient transit system. Its not just a convenience. At stake is the health of our economy. As everyone in this room knows, Boston is the economic engine of New England. The region relies on half a million workers getting in and out of our city every day.Many of you have been regular riders of the T or the Commuter Rail. And many of you are seeing right now what happens to your workforce when these systems fail. We cant afford to keep waiting for delayed trains. $6.3 billion of total development is under construction in Boston right now.And we are going to build middle-class homes along our subway lines. So tinkering around the edges wont be enough. Our transit system needs bold investment and deep rebuilding.I know many are asking: if these investments are so necessary, why cant we just make them happen? I served in the State Legislature for 16 years. There were many attempts at reform. But the MBTA was never put in a position to succeed.Business-as-usual hasnt worked. So its time we have an honest conversation about transit. Its time to work collectively on a challenge that affects all of us. I pledge to work with the Baker Administration, the Legislature, and neighboring mayors, to finally fix this 110-year-old system.Those who say the MBTAs failure is proof we cant handle an Olympic Games have it exactly backwards. The T shows why an Olympic bid is such an opportunity. We need a catalyst to bring us together, keep us on track, and push solutions forward. We need a planning process with a timeline. Thats what the Olympic bid provides.I know there are good people in Boston who worry that the Olympics are a distraction. I say to them: Bostons values and Bostons vision are the very essence of our bid. Already, we have rewritten the language of the standard bid agreement. It wont be the last time we put our citys stamp on this process.Boston is a city devoted to fairness, innovation, and community. Our unique identity is the very reason we were chosen by the United States Olympic Committee. The I.O.C. last year put out a call for a new kind of affordable, sustainable Olympics. Boston has stepped forward with the first model. It has received worldwide attention. The Olympic movement is reflecting the light of our values and our talents. Imagine: on the verge of our 400th anniversary, Boston restores and re-invents the Olympic Games, for the world. I believe in Boston with all my heartI know we can do this.In many ways, we are already an Olympic city. We are the torch-bearer for the modern Marathon in the United States. And our Olympic history flows from our unique culture of high ideals and big hearts.In the 19th century, Boston was called the Athens of America. We nurtured the ideals that led to the modern Olympic movement. Meanwhile, many of our Olympic stars came out of the scrappy immigrant neighborhoods that still fuel our citys fire. James Brendan Connolly of South Boston overcame poverty to win the very first gold medal of the modern Olympicsthe triple-jump in Athens in 1896. You can see his statue in Moakley Park: just steps from where our Olympic Village might sit. Harold Connolly of Brighton overcame a physical handicap to win gold in the hammer-throw in Melbourne in 1956. His statue stands outside the Taft Middle School in Brighton, not far from the college campuses where future medals could be won.And dont forget the kids from Charlestown, Winthrop, and Marshfield who made a miracle happen on ice in Lake Placid. As their coach Herb Brooks said, great moments are born from great opportunity.We have a great opportunity before us. Reaching for the Olympics runs deeper than infrastructure, deeper than innovation. Its about the kind of city we are, and the kind of city we want to be. Let me tell you what an Olympic Boston looks like to me. Picture heroes like Mike Eruzione, Aly Raisman, Joan Benoit Samuelson, and Cheri Blauwet, carrying the Olympic torch into Boston, on the streets that weve rebuilt and revitalized. Picture them passing that torch to a high school student who won a national science fair because of a new, state-of-the-art facility in the Boston Public Schools. Then to a business owner who got her start at the Roxbury Innovation Centerwe are opening this year in Dudley Square. To someone who turned his life around with the help of our new Office of Recovery Services. And to a military veteran who started a physical fitness campaign in our historic park system.I leave it to you to debate who should light our Olympic flame. But imagine the pride we will feel in those moments. Imagine the story they will tell about Boston to the world. Imagine the story they will tell to our children.And consider, as well, if two years from now, we dont get the Games. Instead, we are upgrading the MBTA, from Mattapan to Swampscott. We are freeing up land to build new homes for families new workplaces with good jobs new parks and new schools. We are protecting and investing in Boston Harbor and the Emerald Necklace like never before. In sum, we will be creating the first new vision for Boston in half a century.Thats the opportunity we have before us. Lets seize it.Whether you oppose or support the Games whether you are a business leader or a community activist whether you live in Boston or work here: we can all agree that having a two-year, public conversation about the future of our great city is a good thing.So I call on everyone in this room-and beyond it-to engage this process constructively. Bring your values and your vision for our city. Lets make Boston a truly global Hub. Lets make Boston a city where dreams come true. Lets make Boston a city where children step out their front doors and find the world waiting for them.Those young people who are the heart of our citys future? The schools that serve them are about to enter a new era. Last night the Boston School Committee voted to recommend Dr. Tommy Chang as the next superintendent of the Boston Public Schools. Dr. Chang is a rising star. He has a record of taking on the toughest challenges and succeeding. As an immigrant who learned English in school, his own life is a testament to the transforming power of education. As Superintendent of the Intensive Support and Innovation Center in Los Angeles, hes led 130 schools in the nations second-largest district. He believes in empowering school leaders, teachers, and parents. And he is committed to meeting the needs of every student. I look forward to finalizing his appointment.I want to thank Chair Michael ONeill and the members of the Boston School Committee. And I want to thank Bob Gallery, Dr. Hardin Coleman, and the search committee for their tireless work. The committee drew together parents and teachers, experts and leadersdiverse in every way. Members shared one thing in common: a commitment to putting students first, and making Boston a beacon of equity and excellence in public education.They held the most open and democratic search process this city has ever seen for an appointed official. They spent a year listening to voices from across the community that guided their work. Any one of their finalists would make a strong superintendent. And each of these leaders described passionately the opportunity for greatness they see in Bostons schools.Weve put in place the building-blocks for success. Weve assembled a School Committee that understands the needs of every student. We are opening BPS headquarters in the spectacular Bruce Bolling Building in Roxbury. Our extended school day begins this fall. And with a 10-year facilities plan launching this year, as Bob Gallery recently said, the Boston Public Schools are poised for greatness.Reaching new heights will take a new spirit of collaboration and commitment. Beliefs about education in Boston run deep and strong. In the birthplace of American public schools, we wouldnt have it any other way. But now is a time to find common ground. I call on everyone: parents, teachers, and principals universities, nonprofits, and business leaders: stand together stand with our new school leadership, and stand behind our students. They are depending on us. And our future depends on them.I want to close by offering one concrete way everyone in this room can help. Last year I made it a priority to expand the Summer Jobs program. We got more than 10,000 young people into the workplace. And we introduced vital enrichments such as financial literacy training. This year were recruiting more employers, in more industries. You can emailsummerjobs@boston.govfor more information. But well be making cold calls, so dont be surprised if you hear from me first.Im going to ask you to commit to our citys future. Whether that future holds another winter for the ages, or a Summer Olympic Games, Boston is going to keep moving forward and keep breaking new ground. Now is a challenging and an exciting timea time to make history. I invite you, and everyone who lives and works in our great city, to join me in dreaming big dreams and building our future together.Thank you, and God Bless the City of Boston."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today thanked the Boston Main Streets Foundation (BMSF) for awarding a total of $22,500 to five Boston Main Streets Districts. Through these grants, BMSF, which provides fundraising and additional funding to Bostons Main Streets districts, will support a range of projects, including an art and music series, streetscape beautification, commercial district wayfinding signage, place making, and winter programming activities. The five Innovation and Impact Grants provide direct funding of up to $5,000 to innovative proposals that create new or enhanced programming, services, or partnership opportunities in Bostons Main Streets districts. This is the fourth round of grants a fifth round is scheduled for Spring 2015.The Boston Main Streets Foundation is tireless in helping support Bostons small and local businesses, Mayor Walsh said. Last year, I challenged the Foundation to double their fundraising goal from $250,000 thousand to $500,000. Not only did they get it done, but they are now putting the funds directly into the Main Streets districts in meaningful ways. After this challenging winter, it is more important than ever to support small and local businesses, and I am glad that we have such a strong partner in the Boston Main Streets Foundation.The grants were awarded to five Main Street districts:Since 2013, BMSF has awarded 30 Innovation and ImpactGrants, totaling $175,000.""The Boston Main Streets Foundation remains committed to its support of local BostonMain Streets organizations with the announcement of this fourth round of Innovation & ImpactGrant awards,"" said BMSF Board President Joel Sklar. ""This continues to be made possiblethanks to the generous support provided by our Foundation investors and Board Members, andtheir understanding of the importance of investing in Boston's neighborhoods and smallbusinesses.""As part of his first budget ever, Mayor Walsh increased funding to the citys Main Streetsdistricts by 30 percent in order to better support local and small businesses, and has more thandoubled funding for the Citys programs for on-site business consulting. Established in 1995, Boston Main Streets is a program of the Department ofNeighborhood Development (DND), the City agency charged with expanding affordable homeownership opportunities, and directly supporting Bostons neighborhood business districts."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Boston Public Schools in announcing a partnership with the Gavin Foundation and UMass Boston to pilot Too Good for Drugs, a new school-based drug prevention program designed to reduce the use of alcohol, tobacco, and illegal drugs. This pilot program will be installed in seventh grade courses to promote positive social skills and character. Yesterday, the program was introduced at the McCormack Middle School in Dorchester for the first time.This programs aim is to address prevention of drug and alcohol use through our schools, said Mayor Walsh. The curriculum will include good decision-making, resisting peer pressure, and cultivating healthy communication and relationships with others. It emphasizes the pertinent information Boston youth will need to understand the negative consequences of alcohol and drug use.""We are pleased and honored to be partnering with the University of Massachusetts Boston and The Gavin Foundation to bring this unique program to the McCormack Middle School,"" said Interim Superintendent John McDonough. ""Our commitment to substance abuse education and prevention is unwavering a middle school program of this caliber, funded and cultivated by our community partners, is the next, right step in our investment in our youth.""The University of Massachusetts Boston is proud to partner with Mayor Walsh, the city of Boston, and the Gavin House on this important issue, said Chancellor J. Keith Motley. Sadly, now more than ever school-based drug-prevention programs are a necessity. Statistics show that 9 out of 10 people with addiction started using substances before they turned 18. We hope that by focusing on adolescents before they are exposed to drugs and alcohol, we can diminish the risk of addiction, and increase the likelihood of success in school and in college.The Gavin Foundation is honored to be collaborating with UMass Boston and BPS on such an important initiative as Too Good For Drugs, President and CEO John P. McGahan said. This is just another example of Mayor Walsh's commitment to addressing substance abuse use through prevention as well as treatment and recovery support.The curriculum is based upon 10 one-hour sessions with professionals who have been trained by the Mendez Foundation. It meets the requirements for mandated school health courses and the standards of the Boston Public Schools Focus on Children. The curriculum consists of 14 core lessons and an additional 12 lessons that can be infused into other subject areas (such as English, Science, and Social Studies). Students engage in role-play and cooperative learning activities and are encouraged to apply the skills to different contexts."
"The Boston School Committeetonightvoted to select Dr. Tommy Chang as the final candidate for the Superintendent of Boston Public Schools. ""I want to congratulate and welcome Dr. Tommy Chang as Boston's selection for the new superintendent of public schools. Dr. Chang will provide the leadership that our school system needs and I am confident that his innovative views on education will move our students forward. We need a transformative leader and that is Tommy Chang. ""I thank the School Committee for their dedication to this process and commitment to the overall improvement of our system, and the Search Committee for providing several top candidates to lead our schools.Our city is full of talent and our young people deserve the best we can provide.Dr. Chang's application, bio and archived videos from the public panels can be foundhere."
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that 137 organizations and institutions supporting arts and culture in the City of Boston were awarded $303,476 by the Boston Cultural Council (BCC). The grant winners represent the diversity of Bostons arts community from the visual arts to theater, film and video, music, dance, and the humanities. The BCC received 151 applications for the 2015 grant round.Were working towards making Boston the countrys municipal arts leader, and we cant do it without supportive and committed partners, said Mayor Walsh. Funding is often a hurdle for cultural organizations, and Im proud that we doubled our Boston Cultural Council funds this year. Congratulations to all of the grant recipients, and thank you for your contributions to a thriving, healthy, innovative Boston.""Support from the Boston Cultural Council is crucial to organizations like ours, and helps us develop and implement the artistic and educational work that serves our community of artists, students, and audience,"" said Jennifer Johnson, co-director of the Charlestown Working Theater.The BCC falls under the umbrella of the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture, and annually distributes funds allocated by the Massachusetts Cultural Council, a state agency, to support innovative arts, humanities and interpretive sciences programming that enhances the quality of life in our city. In 2015 the MCC awarded the City of Boston $163,080, and Mayor Walsh nearly matched those funds. In 2014 the MCC awarded the City of Boston $144,419, with the City adding additional funding to distribute a total of $152,020 via the BCC to 55 of the 75 applicants. The BCC is comprised of 13 Boston residents appointed by Mayor Walsh to serve for up to six years each. The BCC reviews grant applications annually in the fall to evaluate the overall quality of proposed programming and its potential benefit to diverse audiences in neighborhoods throughout Boston.Mayor Walsh believes the arts are crucial to both expressing and achieving the vision of a thriving, healthy, innovative Boston. Since taking office, Mayor Walsh has taken steps to improve the artist permitting process revived the poet laureate program, naming Danielle Legros Georges Bostons Poet Laureate and appointed Julie Burros the Citys first Chief of Arts and Culture in more than two decades, elevating the conversation about the arts to the highest level of City government. Over the next year and a half the Chief of Arts and Culture will guide a cultural planning process for the city, which will build a long-term strategy for enriching and strengthening civic life through the arts."
At his January State of the City Address, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the creation of StartHub, a regional program to support the startup community and help entrepreneurs grow their ideas and businesses in Boston. Rory Cuddyer, a member of Mayor Walshs administration, who previously served as advisor to Chief of Staff Dan Koh, has been selected to lead this effort under the direction of the Chief of Economic Development John Barros and the Boston Redevelopment Authority (BRA). The BRAs Board of Directors approved Rorys hire at its meeting last Thursday.I am excited for Rory to take on this new challenge. He has been a valuable asset on my team, and his experience working with businesses and helping to shape our economic development policy make him an ideal fit for the role, said Mayor Walsh. Startups should be able to thrive in every neighborhood of Boston, not just a select few. Rory will help us realize our vision for spreading this entrepreneurial spirit across the city.In his role as startup manager, Rory will work with higher education institutions, incubator programs, startups, and community development organizations to create partnerships to improve business conditions in Boston. He will serve as the Mayors liaison to the startup community and existing innovation centers, such as District Hall in the South Boston Waterfront and the soon-to-open incubator space in the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building. He will also coordinate with the citys Main Streets program to support outreach to local small businesses.In addition to making policy recommendations and providing outreach to key stakeholders and residents, Rory will be tasked with establishing and maintaining a database of commercial real estate brokers, developers, and landowners to help fledgling businesses find office space.I have seen firsthand the impact that Mayor Walsh believes the startup community in Boston and the surrounding region will have on our economic growth for years to come, said Cuddyer. I look forward to working in tandem with the community to ensure that the needs of startups are understood and that our policies contribute to and assist in the innovation economys continued growth.Rory previously advised on the process to secure an operator for the Roxbury Innovation Center in the Bolling Municipal Building. He also coordinated with several city departments to develop the initial foundation for StartHub, and he has assisted Chief Barros in creating a clear and strong vision for economic development in Boston.Rory is a graduate of Boston College and lives in South Boston. He currently serves as the Mayors Office representative to the Downtown Boston Business Improvement District (BID) Board of Directors.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today filed a Home Rule Petition to raise the amount of fines that can be levied for snow infractions against property owners, and increase the cap on fines for these offenses to be from $300 to $1,500. Under the petition, unpaid fines will be added to property tax bills if they go unpaid. If the state grants this authority, the Mayor will file an Ordinance updating the Citys snow fine structure. The potential change would consider both commercial and residential property owners.Illegally dumping snow onto public roads severely worsens an already challenging snow removal process, compounds our workload, raises our costs and increases safety risks for drivers. Failing to remove snow from a sidewalk puts lives at danger. Its a problem for every pedestrian, but it is especially difficult for our children, for the disabled, and for the elderly to face deep, unshoveled sidewalks, and be forced to walk in the road, said Mayor Walsh. I urge the City Council and state officials to move this legislation which grants us the authority to deter these violations, hold accountable those who are guilty, and recoup some of the added costs that these violations create. Snow clean up has to be a team and community effort, and we need to work together.""City Snow Regulations:A Home Rule Petition is necessary because cities and towns may only impose fines of not more than $300.00 unless special authority is granted by the legislature."
The Boston Public Works Department today announced that posted residentialstreetsweeping will be postponed in neighborhoods with Marchstreetsweeping untilstreetsare cleared to the curb and gutters are free of ice and snow.In order forstreetsto be properly swept, a thaw and large scale melting must occur.The Public Works Department will notify residents oncestreetsare clear enough forstreetsweeping to resume.The City's Daytime NeighborhoodStreetCleaningprogram currently runs fromApril 1 through November 30for all neighborhoodsexceptthe North End, the South End, and Beacon Hill. The daytime program parking restrictions are not in effect during the months of December and Marchexceptin the North End, the South End, and Beacon Hill.In the event that Public Works decides to cancelstreetsweeping and parking enforcement for weather related reasons, notifications will be sent out by e-mail to NO-TOW subscribers or you may contact the Mayor's 24 Hour Hotline for updated information at617-635-4500.
"With the passing of Leonard Nimoy, we have not only lost a talented actor, but a proud product of Bostons neighborhoods and English High School, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""Mr. Nimoy never forgot his Boston roots and the spirit of his work lives on in the future generations of children who continue to be inspired by his iconic portrayal of Mr. Spock."""
Boston Public Library locations will host a variety of author talks this month, with topics including the Beatles phenomenon, civil rights, and local history. BPL Trustee and bestselling author Dennis Lehane discusses his new novelWorld Gone By. Highlights include:About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
We are pleased that the FCC has voted to preserve an open internet and the right to build community broadband networks. Strong rules supporting an open internet protect broadband consumers and preserve a level playing field for our innovative technology businesses. The right of cities to build their own broadband networks is an important tool to drive investment in critical 21st century infrastructure. The City of Boston supports the FCC's progressive approach to broadband policy. We will continue to work at the local, state, and federal levels to drive our digital economy forward, and improve the speed, affordability, and accessibility of broadband in Boston.Since September, the City of Boston has filed several comments and letters with the FCC encouraging the preservation of an open internet, the protection of local choice, the expansion of the E-Rate program, and an enhanced definition of broadband speed. The City continues to expand its Wicked Free WiFi program and support the Tech Goes Home initiative to improve digital equity.
Residents should visit:cityofboston.gov/myneighborhoodto determine their trash collection day.The City of Boston has seen an unprecedented amount of snow in the past month, impacting many aspects of our daily lives, including making parking difficult, said Mayor Walsh. If you spend hours digging out your parking space, you should have access to that spacefor a reasonable time period.Im asking residents to remain respectful of their neighbors and their property as the process of space saver removal begins, and as we continue to clean up from nearly 8 feet of snow in less than 30 days.Since the end of January the primary focus of Public Works has been removing snow and opening up access to city streets. PWD has removed more than 30,000 truck loads of snow during that time, widening roads and eliminating snow piles along major arteries.Space savers are meant to be used on a short term basis, with 48 hours as a guideline. Mayor Walsh is urging residents to treat their neighbors with respect, and use good judgment on this following a major snow event. Under a pilot program implemented this winter, space savers are not allowed in the South End. The Mayor encourages residents to call the Mayor's Hotline, at617-635-4500to report any issues.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston is now accepting applications for the 2015 MayorsGreenovate Boston Awardsand theBike Friendly Business Awards. These two awards recognize residents and businesses helping Boston achieve its climate and cycling goals. Applications are available online and and the deadline to apply is March 31, 2015.Bostons residents, businesses, and organizations are critical to reaching Bostons climate action and cycling goals, Mayor Walsh said. Many of them are doing outstanding work on sustainability and alternative transportation, and I look forward to recognizing their efforts through both of these awards.The Greenovate Boston Awards, which are in their 9th year, recognize businesses, community organizations, and individuals committed to helping Boston meet its climate and sustainability goals. The Bike Friendly Business Awards, in their 8th year, recognize companies that incorporate bike-friendly practices, encouraging their employees or customers to ride their bikes.These awards are an important means of thanking all of those who are helping Boston become a greener, more bike-friendly city, said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy, and Open Space. We could not reach our goals without these trail blazers.Boston's Bike Friendly Business Awards offer four levels of awards as well as a special award for the Most Bike Friendly organization. The awards are distributed according to the number and scope of bike friendly practices a company undertakes. Basic practices include participation in bike events, installation of outdoor bike racks, financial incentives for bike commuters, allowing bikes in the building, and more. Additional steps are recognized at a higher level, such as providing secure covered bike parking, offering shower facilities for commuter employees, or making Hubway corporate memberships available. Businesses that win an award are invited to attend a special ceremony with Mayor Walsh where they receive a Bike Friendly Business certificate to display in their business.Greenovate Boston Award applications may be submitted on behalf of a business or community organization, or an individual. Applications should focus on a recent project or practice that demonstrates leadership in climate action. Projects or practices should be closely tied to the citywide climate goals laid out in the 2014 Greenovate Boston Climate Action Plan. Large buildings or institutions are also encouraged to participate in theMayors Carbon Cup, a program that recognizes building portfolios of over one million square feet, which have achieved or committed to a 35% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2020. The application deadline is March 20, 2015.The Greenovate Awards will be a part of the second Greenovate Boston Community Summit, which will be held in late spring. The Community Summit is a day-long gathering that brings together residents, businesses, and organizations to help Boston reach its climate goals by sharing best practices and connect them to each other, to the City and to other resources and information.To learn more about the Greenovate Boston Awards and submit an applications, please visitwww.cityofboston.gov/EEOS/GreenAwards. If you have any questions, please contact617-635-3850.To learn more about the Bike Friendly Business Awards and submit an application, please visit:https://www.boston.gov/departments/boston-bikesIf you have any questions, please contact617-918-4343.Greenovate Boston is the City's initiative to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 25% by 2020 and 80% by 2050 and prepare for the impact of climate change. It is a community-wide movement that seeks to engage all Bostonians in achieving these goals, while continuing to make Boston a thriving, healthy, and innovative city.Boston Bikes is part of Bostons vision for a vibrant and healthy city that benefits all its citizens. It seeks to make Boston a world-class bicycling city by creating safe and inviting conditions for all residents and visitors. Boston Bikes focuses on improvements in all six universal bike planning areas: Equity, Engineering, Education, Encouragement, Enforcement, and Evaluation.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today a critical revision to the Joinder Agreement between the City of Boston and the United States Olympic Committee (USOC) that removes any language that had the potential todiscourage city employees from speaking openly regarding Boston's bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic games. The original agreement contained boilerplate language that all cities have historically signed regarding city employees and their participation in the Olympic process.""This revised agreement is the result of positive negotiations with the United States Olympic Committee to reach a consensus that accurately represents how Boston is moving forward with our Olympic bid,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""I want to thank those who have already offered their thoughts on Boston's bid and I continue to encourage all residents, including city employees, to share their opinions over the coming months. My top priority is to ensure an open and transparent process, and it is important that any proposal is shaped by the input and ideas of people from every neighborhood in order to offer the greatest benefit to our city.""""Today's announcement is indicative of the true spirit of partnership and cooperation among the City of Boston, the USOC, and Boston 2024 in advancing the shared goal of bringing the Olympic and Paralympic Games to Boston,"" Boston 2024 Chief Executive Officer Rich Davey said. ""Boston 2024 applauds Mayor Walsh and the USOC for signing this new agreement and we believe it will strengthen Bostons efforts to work with communities to build a stronger Olympic bid and a lasting legacy for the Commonwealth.""The next citywide Olympic discussion is scheduled forTuesday, February 24, 2015 at 6:30 p.m.at the Condon School Cafeteria in South Boston. Additional citywide meetings include:To be included on future updates on Boston's bid, please text your e-mail address to617-431-4100. Any questions can be e-mailed toOlympics@boston.gov.  The revised Joinder Agreement is attached. "
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today the City of Boston will hold the second HubHacks event on Saturday, March 14, 2015, inviting the community to work together to create data visualizations that will track the City's progress in achieving a thriving, healthy and innovative Boston. The challenge will conclude on April 4, 2015.The first HubHacks event, held in August 2014, focused on improving the City's online permitting experience and resulted in the launch of the innovative tool Permit Finder.Across Boston, government, private companies, and civic organizations are generating enormous amounts of data on what is happening in the city, Mayor Walsh said. I want to tap Bostons creative talent to create workable tools that help guide City policy and operation toward a thriving, healthy and innovative city.Participants, including technologists, visualization enthusiasts, policy thinkers and community members, will join into teams to create insightful tools that help monitor progress toward the City's goals using data sets from the City and other partners. The City will release several new data sets through the Open Data Portal to help aid participants in their efforts.The winning participant will have their work incorporated directly into the Mayor's Data Dashboard and featured throughout City Hall and online.HubHacks will bring technologists, engaged citizens, and our creative community together in partnership with the City of Boston, and we are excited to offer them data they have never had access to before such as entertainment permits, emergency information and historical parking data. Chief Information Officer Jascha Franklin-Hodge said. Data visualization is a powerful tool to tell our shared story, and this event will help tap the talent and perspective of many parts of our community.Full details of the event, including registration instructions, can be found athttp://www.cityofboston.gov/hubhacksandhttp://bit.ly/HubHacks2. Updates on prizes, submissions and the data sets will be provided through City social media profiles and the Challenge Post website. Register and follow @doitboston on Twitter for the most up-to-date information.
The business community is central to Bostons economic prosperity, said Mayor Walsh. This clinic will provide much needed support, allowing business owners--both new and established--to connect with experts on business development and growth.This event is hosted by the Asian American Civic Association in partnership with the Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights and Economic Justice, Ropes & Gray, and the City of Boston Offices of Business Development and Small & Local Business Enterprise.Local Businesses will receive free legal consultation in the following areas:The City of Bostons Offices of Business Development and Small & Local Business Enterprise will provide the following services:In addition, Bostons Small & Local Business Office, and the Office of Business Development will be on site to provide business development support along with information on how to grow your business through City contracts.To make an appointment, please contact Scarlett Wu, AACA Special Projects Coordinator at617-426-9492 ext. 206orscarlettwu@aaca-boston.org. 
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced ""Boston Bingo,"" a game created by the Mayor's Office of Economic Development to support local businesses following the historic amount of snow that Boston has received over the past thirty days. Mayor Walsh is encouraging residents and visitors to download the bingo card on the Mayor's Office page. Paper cards will be available this week at businesses located in Main Streets districts.""Boston Bingo is a creative way for residents to come together and support our local economy as we continue to recover from the historic amount of snow Boston has received this winter,"" said Mayor Walsh.The cards look like a traditional bingo card and encourage players to ""grab a burger"" or ""see a show,"" and remind them to have a pizza delivered, purchase something small, or ""snag something spicy.""Players are encouraged to snap a photo at each location and tweet, Instagram, or Facebook a picture using the hashtag #BosBINGO, and consider tagging each local establishment.""We are excited to launch Boston Bingo,"" said John Barros, Chief of Economic Development. ""The weather has taken a toll on small business revenues, making it harder for them to pay their employees, or keep up with the costs of keeping their doors open. It's so important that we do what we can to support them, and encourage our neighbors to do the same.""The game will run through March 15. Submissions can be entered electronically or by delivering them to the Office of Economic Development at Boston City Hall. Prizes include Bruins tickets, a Hubway membership and coffee with the Mayor. A full list and detailed instructions accompany the bingo cards."
The Superintendent Search Committee today formally and unanimously recommended four candidates to Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston School Committee for consideration as the next Superintendent of the Boston Public Schools. Dr. Dana Bedden, Dr. Tommy Chang, Deputy Superintendent Guadalupe Guerrero and Superintendent-in-Residence Pedro Martinez were selected from more than 70 applicants as part of a year-long, nationwide search.Every child in Boston deserves a high quality education, said Mayor Walsh. The Search Committee has presented four very strong, diverse candidates with proven track records in urban education. Each can bring transformational change to our schools. I look forward to meeting with them and, together with the Boston School Committee, getting input from students, families, teachers, school leaders, partners and others as we ultimately select the best person to lead our district.  The 12-member Search Committee has been working since February 2014 to identify desired characteristics in the next superintendent as well as recruit and review candidates. The Committee first held eight community forums across the city to solicit public input. Since mid-January, the Committee has met eight times in Executive Session, conducting more than 40 hours of confidential interviews which yielded robust, thoughtful conversation between a diverse set of highly qualified candidates and committee members.  Search Committee Co-Chair Dr. Hardin Coleman said, The Search Committee used as its guide the desired characteristics put forth by the community at a series of public forums. These candidates possess those qualities: a commitment to excellence and equity bold, innovative thinking and a sense of urgency to improve outcomes for all students. These candidates have me excited and energized as we reimagine whats possible for our students.  Search Committee Co-Chair Robert Gallery added, It became clear during the search process that Boston Public Schools is poised for greatness. All of the ingredients for success are right here. We have an education Mayor, a student-focused School Committee, committed partners and invested families. The will is there. In many ways, we are already nationally recognized for work that is underway. Now we need a superintendent who can bring it all together in a way that continues to improve access and opportunities for students. Im confident that any of these candidates can harness that potential and take BPS to the next level.  OnFebruary 23, 24, 25, 26 each finalist will spend one day in Boston participating in a series of public interviews with the School Committee, as well as panel discussions with BPS students, parents, teachers, school leaders, and community partners.  Additionally, the candidates applications will be posted on the search website:www.bostonpublicschools.org/superintendentsearch. The public is encouraged to review the applications, watch the panel sessions and provide feedback about the candidates.An on-line form for interested parties to provide feedback will also be available on the same site as the applications.  The School Committee will then hold a special meeting to vote on the next superintendent onMarch 3 at 6 p.m.at 26 Court Street, Winter Chambers.  The School Committee is pleased to receive these recommendations, said Michael D. ONeill, Chair of the School Committee and a member of the Search Committee. The search committee worked diligently to identify four highly qualified candidates for this critical position. As we begin the final, public phase of the search, I encourage all BPS stakeholders to attend or watch a panel discussion, and share their feedback online with the School Committee.  John McDonough will continue serving as Interim Superintendent through the 2014-15 school year.  Added Mr. ONeill, On behalf of the School Committee, I want to express our deep gratitude to John McDonough and his entire team for their incredible leadership. John has made tough, bold choices to move the District forward and position the next superintendent for success. We are extremely grateful. Public Interview ScheduleSome panel discussions will be live streamed athttp://www.bostonpublicschools.org.Videos will also be available for viewing online after the public interviews.Monday, February 23 - Thursday, February 2610 a.m.  12 p.m.Panel Discussion with Community Partners Paramount Center, Bright Family Screening Room 559 Washington Street, Boston Moderator: Ayele Shakur, Search Committee Member and Education Chair of Boston NAACP 1 -3 p.m.School Committee Interview Winter Chambers, 26 Court Street, Boston 4-6 p.m.Panel Discussion with BPS Students and Teachers English High School Auditorium 144 McBride Street, Jamaica Plain Moderator: Samuel Acevedo, Search Committee Member and Executive Director of Boston HERC 6:30  8:30 p.m.Panel Discussion with BPS Parents and School Leaders English High School Auditorium 144 McBride Street, Jamaica Plain Moderator: Dania Vazquez, Search Committee Member and BPS headmaster Finalist BiosDr. Dana Beddenis the Superintendent of Richmond Public Schools in Virginia, where he oversees an economically and socially diverse school district serving 24,000 students. While in Richmond, he has established a multiyear academic improvement plan, a facilities modernization plan and implemented a systems-thinking approach and performance metrics to guide improvements within the school district.   Dr. Bedden previously served as superintendent for the Irving Independent School District in Texas, where he implemented a multi-year strategic plan which involved improving internal and external communication. He also developed a balanced scorecard to support organizational improvement. Before Irving, Dr. Bedden also served as superintendent for Richmond County in Georgia and was a regional superintendent for Philadelphia Public Schools.   Dr. Bedden holds a doctorate from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University and a masters degree from Pennsylvania State University. He earned a bachelors degree from the University of Florida. Dr. Tommy Changis the Local Instructional Superintendent, Intensive Support & Innovation Center (ISIC) at the Los Angeles Unified School District where he oversees 132 schools and approximately 95,000 students. Dr. Chang is charged with managing LAUSDs best thinking and resources in schools doing the most challenging and innovative work.  Dr. Chang previously served as special assistant to the superintendent of LAUSD. He is a former teacher and principal. He holds an EdD in Educational Leadership from Loyola Marymount University, Meds from the Principals Leadership Institute and Teachers Education Program at University of California, Los Angeles and a bachelors degree from the University of Pennsylvania. Guadalupe Guerrerois the Deputy Superintendent of Instruction, Innovation, and Social Justice for San Francisco Unified School District, where he developed and implemented a multi-tiered system of support approach to provide strategic supports and interventions to address the needs of 132 schools serving over 57,000 students. He previously held several leadership positions with SFUSD. He is a former Boston Public School teacher and principal.  Mr. Guerrero holds an Ed.M. in Education Policy and Management and an Ed.M. in Administration, Planning, and Social Policy from Harvard Graduate School of Education (HGSE). He earned a bachelors degree from the University of California, Los Angeles. Pedro Martinezis a Superintendent-in-Residence for the Nevada Department of Education, where advises the State Superintendent of Instruction and Governor's office on education policies including the creation of an Achievement District to improve chronically low performing schools. He previously served as Superintendent of the Washoe County School District in Nevada where he oversaw 63,000 students of diverse ethnic backgrounds.  Mr. Martinez previously served as Deputy Superintendent for the Clark County and Washoe County School Districts. He is the former Chief Financial Officer at Chicago Public Schools.  Martinez holds an M.B.A. from DePaul University and a bachelors from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He is a graduate of the Broad Institute's Superintendent's Academy.   
"President Obamas executive action on immigration provides relief and options for thousands of families in our immigration system, and I am disappointed by Monday's temporary injunction to suspend the implementation of the expansion of DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) and the introduction of DAPA (Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents). I am optimistic that the court system will find a resolution swiftly so we can move forward with this important initiative."""
The Boston Public Works Department (PWD) overnight removed 1,500 truck loads of snow from across Boston's neighborhoods. PWD crews have been working around the clock to remove what has been a historic amount of snow in the City of Boston. Since the first winter storm started at the end of January, the City has removed nearly 19,000 truckloads of snow. Boston received a total of 16 inches of snow in the most recent snow that ended on Monday, for a total of 7.5 feet since January 23. Boston is closing in on the most snow for a season in recorded history (107 inches).From the start of this snow season to today, Boston PWD has plowed 285,145 miles of roadway, put down over 74,862 tons tons of salt, and plowed for 174,248 hours. 
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined President and Chief Executive Officer of Mass Mentoring Partnership, Marty Martinez, and Massachusetts President of Bank of America, Bob Gallery in launching the Mayors Mentoring Movement. In partnership with Mass Mentoring, Mayor Walsh and the Office of Health and Human Services will recruit more than 1,000 new mentors over the next two years to empower young people in Boston.Boston is filled with great mentors who can change the lives of young people in positive and meaningful ways, said Mayor Walsh. I encourage everyone from teachers, to doctors, to artists, to lawyers, to members of the business and tech communities, and beyond to get involved. We can make a difference and take extra steps to ensure that every young person has a caring adult in their lives. Boston youth are full of potential, and deserve successful outcomes. I have experienced first-hand the power a mentor can have, and I want to make sure each of our Boston youth can take advantage of this opportunity.We are honored to join together with the City of Boston on this initiative to continue to grow empowering youth-adult relationships throughout Boston, said Marty Martinez, President & CEO of Mass Mentoring Partnership. Our partner programs are excited to join in this effort and are ready to match caring adults with young people who need their support.Mass Mentoring Partnership is helping Mayor Walsh to connect volunteer mentors with mentoring opportunities by referring them to mentoring programs throughout the city. So far, over 100 individual referrals of volunteer mentors through the Mayors Mentoring Movement have already been made.Mentors encourage positive choices, promote high self-esteem, and academic achievement. They foster confidence in young people that allows them to be the best version of themselves, and more productive members of society. The impact of a mentors dedication and care can lift youth off of a bad path and place them on a road to success.Mentoring can take as little as a few hours each month and businesses that connect their employees to this initiative will play an important role in sustaining its work. Of the 1,000 caring adults that are recruited in the next two years, at least 100 will be City of Boston employees.The business community must play a major role if we are to meet Mayor Walshs challenge to increase mentoring partnerships in Boston, said Bob Gallery, Massachusetts president, Bank of America. We all have a vested interest in making sure the next generation is ready to lead the city forward.Companies can participate in mentoring in a number of ways:To learn more about the Mayors Mentoring Movement, visit:bostonmentors.org. Follow the conversation on Twitter: #BostonMentors. To watch Mayor Walshs interview with two Boston Public School students on the power of mentoring, visit:http://ow.ly/Jclnb.To see why Im invested in #Boston youth, view:http://ow.ly/Jclnb.
"In advance of the upcoming blizzard, a snow emergency and parking ban in Boston will also go into effecttoday at 10 p.m.Ticketing and towing will not begin untilmidnight.  ""Boston has seen unprecedented levels of snow over the past few weeks, totaling nearly 80 inches, and more is expected,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""Boston's Public Works Department has been working around the clock to remove snow from the neighborhoods, however this emergency reconfiguration will help assure the safety of residents and drivers, and improve access to roadways for public safety officials."" The Walsh Administration met with local elected officialson Fridayto develop the ETR plan. ""I applaud Mayor Walsh for working with South Boston's elected officials to facilitate a plan to get our neighbors around in the safest manner possible,"" City Council President Bill Linehan said. ""We've had historic amounts of snow in a very short period of time. Sub-zero temperatures and potentially 15 more inches of snow on the horizon require creative measures. We should always sacrifice convenience for safety.""""I have heard several concerns from constituents about traffic and congestion in the neighborhood, which affects response time of police, fire, and emergency vehicles,"" City Councilor At-Large Michael Flaherty said. ""Public safety is our first priority, and I support the Mayor's decision to redirect traffic in an effort to restore order and improve accessibility on South Boston's streets.""The citys public safety officials have decided that, due to these unprecedented conditions and the cumulative snow fall, this is a necessary measure. We ask for the publics cooperation during this effort in what we all hope will be a short term solution, State Senator Linda Dorcena Forry (D-Dorchester) said.""As elected officials, public safety is our #1 priority,"" State Representative Nick Collins (D-South Boston) said. ""I applaud Mayor Walsh and his team for coming up with a bold and innovative strategy to make our streets in South Boston more accessible in the aftermath of the unprecedented amount of snowfall this winter season. I ask that residents remain patient as this process unfolds and as the city and state work together to improve transportation and safety conditions.""""As the Police Commissioner and a lifelong resident of South Boston, I support the Mayor in implementing this temporary traffic reconfiguration,"" Boston Police Commissioner William Evans said. ""Public safety is my first priority and this plan will assist my department in delivering effective services. "" ""This reconfiguration will enhance the public safety response in South Boston,"" said Boston Fire Commissioner Joseph Finn. ""Minutes count for firefighters and alleviating congestion on the side streets allows for a better response to those who need our help.""""This effort will have a significant impact on access to the side roads in South Boston and help Police, Fire and EMS when they are in an emergency situation,"" Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina Fiandaca said. ""BTD will be working in the neighborhood all day to ensure that appropriate signage is up before implementation so residents are aware of all changes and how it might impact their travel.""""Nobody knows the city streets better than Mayor Walsh and nobody knows better how to keep them safe,"" Suffolk County Superior Court Clerk for Civil Business and South Boston resident Michael Donovan said.""It takes a great leader to take this step and, once again, Mayor Walsh is getting out ahead of the next impending storm."" Even numbered streets will be west-bound and odd numbered streets will be east-bound. Main arterials will remain two-way streets. Streets that are currently one-way streets will maintain their original direction. Boston Transportation Department will place ""Do Not Enter"" signs and barricades at7 a.m.in advance of the emergency reconfiguration going into effect at10 p.m.City employees will be in the neighborhood beginning at8 a.m.to discuss the change with residents and provide detailed information.  Boston Police Department will have an increased presence in South Boston to help with adoption of the emergency program.For updates on how the ETR will impact MBTA bus routes in South Boston, please visithttp://www.mbta.com."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Professor Natashia Tidwell, J. Larry Mayes, and Judge Regina Quinlan to the Community Ombudsman Oversight Panel (CO-OP) and Complaint Mediation Program. The appointed three member civilian board will provide external oversight and review of Boston Police Department (BPD) internal investigations, creating more public accountability for allegations of police misconduct, and growing the trust between BPD and the community. The appointments are for a three year term.Police-community relations are the backbone of public safety in our neighborhoods, where trust drives outcomes. The CO-OP board creates a mechanism for external review of complaints against police, said Mayor Walsh. Professor Tidwell, Mr. Mayes, and Judge Quinlan, have proven track records in law enforcement, criminal justice, and community leadership, and will be reliable assets to this review process.I am thankful to Mayor Walsh for the opportunity to continue serving the city of Boston in this important role. I look forward to working with Judge Quinlan and Larry Mayes to provide the community with an oversight mechanism that instills trust and confidence in the internal affairs process and the police department as a whole, said Professor Tidwell.""I'm honored that Mayor Walsh has selected me to work on an issue that means so much to him and all of Boston. There is much hard work ahead, but I look forward to working with colleagues Natashia Tidwell and Judge Regina Quinlan to make the CO - OP a national standard for community and government relations,"" said J. Larry Mayes.It is a privilege and a challenge to be appointed to this board. I look forward to serving, said the Honorable Regina Quinlan.The CO-OPs function is to be an outside, unbiased party that will review completed BPD Internal Affairs (IA) investigations and appealed investigations for thoroughness and fairness. The members will have access to all investigation materials related to the case they are reviewing. If a case requires clarification, the panel will send an inquiry to BPD IA to request additional investigation. If after taking that step the CO-OP disagrees with the decision of IA, a recommendation will be made to the Police Commissioner. The CO-OP will review a random sampling of cases and appeals that are non-sustained, exonerated, or unfounded, including those involving allegations of serious misconduct and justified use of force, and all appeal cases filed within 14 days of an internal investigation finding.The panel will also periodically review policies and procedures of the internal affairs process and its integrity, and produce an annual report to the Mayor and the Police Commissioner documenting cases reviewed and the outcome of the Panels review for each casel. The CO-OP panel was established by Mayor Thomas M. Menino in 2007.Natashia TidwellNatashia Tidwell is an associate professor at New England Law | Boston where she teaches courses in Criminal Procedure, Evidence, and The Wire: Policing in Urban Communities. She began her career in public service as a police officer in Cambridge, MA. As a patrol officer, Professor Tidwell served as a school resource officer at Cambridge Rindge & Latin High School. Upon her promotion to sergeant, Professor Tidwell worked as a patrol supervisor and as an investigator in the Internal Affairs Unit. In 2003, she became the first female lieutenant in the departments history.Professor Tidwells legal career began in Washington, DC, where she served as a trial attorney in the Public Integrity Section of the Department of Justice. While there, she prosecuted and supervised investigations of police perjury, judicial bribery, and other allegations of misconduct by public officials and government employees. She returned to Boston in 2007 as an assistant U.S. attorney in the Organized Crime Strike Force. As an AUSA, Professor Tidwell prosecuted members of Mafia syndicates and other criminal enterprises in cases involving illegal gambling, racketeering, loan-sharking, and other traditional organized crime-related activities.J. Larry MayesJ. Larry Mayes has over a decade of experience working with government officials, elected officials, and community leaders, with a focus on driving community change. Mayes has currently held the position of Vice President of Programs for Catholic Charities since 2010, during which time he has been active in supporting teen and adult education, developing new poverty strategies, and working with the legislature on securing funding for child care facilities and advocating for the state minimum wage increase.Mayes served as the Cabinet Chief of Human Services under the Menino Administration from 2004 to 2010. In that role he led joint government/community based initiatives to reduce crime and stabilize communities, launched a campaign to counter Stop Snitching sentiment, and expanded access to summer programming for youth.Mayes has served on the boards of several human services organizations, including Beth Israel Deaconess Hospital, The Greater Boston Food Bank, and Tenacity.Judge Regina QuinlanRegina L. Quinlan is a Brighton native and graduate of Regis College and Suffolk University Law School. After passing the bar exam in 1973, Judge Quinlan became a Partner at OConnell Welch & Quinlan, specializing in First Amendment cases. She was also an Instructor at the New England School of Law from 1975-1976. In 1992, former Massachusetts Governor William F. Weld appointed Judge Quinlan to the bench as an associate justice of the Massachusetts Superior Court, where she served for 20 years until her retirement in 2012. She held a visiting professorship at Boston College Law School from 2012 to 2014. Judge Quinlan is currently one of five members of the State Ethics Commission."
Thursday, February 12, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston has secured additional resources from Connecticut, New York City and the National Guard to assist Bostons Public Works Department (PWD) in ongoing snow removal operations.The City has secured two additional 135 ton per hour snow melters from New York City. The melters arrivedon Thursday, and will begin operations atmidnight, continuing throughMonday,February 16. The City is currently surveying locations in Roxbury and East Boston. The City is only responsible for paying for the melters fuel, front loaders and room and board expenses.A 350 ton per hour melter is continuing to operate at the Tide Street snow farm, and an 80 ton per hour melter is operating at the Franklin Park location.Through the assistance of MEMAand two companies inConnecticut?,the City has secured the following equipment to assist with snow removal:In addition, the National Guard has deployed 10 guardsmen and supplied five bobcats from Joint Base Cape Cod.PWD is currently using utilizing ten snow farms across the City and is working to secure additional snow farm locations to increase the Citys capacity to store snow once it is removed from the streets and neighborhoods.Last night, PWD removed 1,200 truck loads of snow from Boston neighborhoods, totaling almost 25,000 cubic yards. Since the first storm three weeks ago, PWD crews have removed nearly 13,000 truck loads of snow.Falling temperatures and bitterly cold wind chill are expected for the next couple of days. Winds will be gusting at 35 to 45 mphSundayintoSundaynight - 12 to 16 inches of snow is expected.In preparation for the upcoming storm, PWD has additional salt arriving and will begin pre-treating roadson Friday.Mayor Walsh issued the following safety tips:For those with questions or concerns, help is available through several channels. The Mayors Hot Line(617-635-4500) will be running with extra staff around the clock for the next two days and the Citys social media and mobile technology strategy will be in full effect throughout the storm. Residents can tweet @notifyboston with a question or concern, and use the Citizens Connect app to report issues.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced two contests, hosted by the Office of Fair Housing and Equity, to raise awareness about fair housing. The Fair Housing Art Contest calls for young Bostonians grades 1-12, to submit art work depicting the theme, Boston Opening Doors for All. The second contest, the Fair Housing Landlord Award, will recognize landlords and housing providers who not only provide safe, healthy housing, but who also provide housing that is affordable and accessible to all. Winners of the contests will be announced in April, which is Fair Housing month.There is no place for discrimination of any kind here in the City of Boston. said Mayor Walsh. ""This contest, in addition to efforts lead by the Office of Fair Housing will help raise awareness the fair housing is an issue Boston is deeply committed to.""We believe that every month is Fair Housing Month  that is our charge and our mission, said Dion Irish, Executive Director of the Office of Fair Housing and Equity. Each April Fair Housing Month is celebrated because of the passage of the Fair Housing Act in April 1968, just days after the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr..Before familial status protection was added to federal laws, over 50% of landlords in the United States refused to rent to families with children. Eighty percent of Boston housing was built before 1978 and often contains lead paint. Both the Art Contest and Fair Housing Landlord Award not only educate our youth about the Fair Housing Act, but it also rewards landlords who provide safe and healthy housing.Applicants for the Art Contest must meet the following criteria:Thanks to continued sponsorship from the Greater Boston Real Estate Board, the top 9 finalists in each school category will receive prizes such iPad, Tablets, Gift Card, Nikon camera, and more.Online voting will determine the top 9 finalists in the contest. The voting period will be from March 9thto April 1st. The Boston Fair Housing Commission will determine each finalists placing.Applicants for the Landlord Award must meet the following criteria:For more details on both contests, please visitwww.cityofboston.gov/fairhousing."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a new data-sharing partnership with Waze, the popular traffic app owned by Google that allows Bostons drivers, cyclists and pedestrians to check real time traffic conditions on Bostons streets. The partnership will help improve traffic flow in Boston in two principal ways.First, the City will be able to share information on expected road closures with the 400,000 users of Waze in Greater Boston, helping them find the best way to get around town. Second, aggregated information on traffic reported by Waze users will be shared with the City's Traffic Management Center (TMC). This helps the City engineers adjust our 550 signalized intersections across the City, so that traffic can flow better.""Over the past few weeks, it has become clear how critical it is to find innovative ways to improve traffic flow in the City of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank Google for their partnership in providing us with another way to use data to better improve how City government works.""Data from Waze is already being used to augment information available from hundreds of intersection cameras citywide and inform traffic signal timing decisions by the Citys Traffic Management Center (TMC).This partnership will help engineers in the TMC respond to traffic jams, accidents and road hazards quicker, said Boston Transportation Department Commissioner Gina Fiandaca. And, looking forward, the Waze data will support us in implementing - and measuring the results of - new congestion management strategies.This spring, the City will pilot several different approaches, such as working with the MBTA to evaluate traffic signal prioritization and its effectiveness along key MBTA routes. The City receives aggregated traffic speed data from the over 400,000 Waze users in the greater Boston area, which will allow it to measure before and after impacts on traffic speeds along targeted corridors.The Citys partnership with Wazeand effortslead bythe Boston Transportation Department is supported byMayor Walshs Citywide Analytics Team. First announced in his recent State of the City address, this team collaborates with City departments to find insights from data that can improve service delivery for Boston residents."
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that Boston has been selected as one of seven cities from across the nation to receive the $30,000 Love Your Block Award and dedicated City Hall AmeriCorps VISTAs to support neighborhood revitalization projects.Through Love Your Block., the City of Boston will provide mini-grants to local neighborhood groups, block associations, and community-based organizations to carry out revitalization projects in target areas.I extend my gratitude to Cities of Service for selecting Boston for this opportunity, said Mayor Walsh. This grant opportunity will allow for us to make a strong and positive impact on local communities and help fuel sustainable solutions that will make a difference in the neighborhoods we all love.The award will provide support for up to three years for the planning and implementation of Love Your Block initiatives in low-income neighborhoods. Initially, Roxbury, Mattapan, and Dorchester will be the main focus of this initiative, with the possibility for expansion. A six-month process will take place to engage key community stakeholders. The City Hall AmeriCorps VISTAs will (1) identify the health and safety needs of the community, (2) determine best practices and strategies for addressing these needs, and (3) impact metrics to measure the success of the initiative.The City of Bostons plan to concentrate its time and funding in neighborhoods most in need, and to include residents in decision making, is exactly what Cities of Service is about  engaging citizens in elevating and addressing priorities to achieve concrete results together with local government. We are excited to have Mayor Walshs office as a partner in Love Your Block and future impact volunteering initiatives, and look forward to working with them, said Myung J. Lee, executive director of Cities of Service.To ensure broader participation, the City Hall AmeriCorps VISTAs will engage neighborhood groups, churches, community boards, city council, libraries, local officials, and others. Additionally, City Hall AmeriCorps VISTAs will further coordinate the planning process and stakeholder engagement, develop the infrastructure for the initiative, expand partnerships with local neighborhood associations and community-based organizations, ensuring the sustainability of the initiative.The implementation portion of the grant will provide the resources necessary to carry out Love Your Block, including mini-grants to support volunteer activities and testing of the strategies developed during the planning process. As part of this process, the AmeriCorps VISTA members will help Mayor Walsh build capacity, engage community members, and develop plans to sustain and scale best practices.ABOUT CITIES OF SERVICECities of Service is a national nonprofit that supports mayors and city executives to design and implement high-impact volunteering initiatives that can apply to multiple issues from supporting youth and education to sustainability. It provides technical assistance, programmatic support, planning resources, and funding opportunities. Founded by Michael R. Bloomberg in 2009, Cities of Service is a nonpartisan coalition which currently supports a coalition of 205 cities in the U.S. and UK whose mayors are committed to engaging citizen volunteers to solve local pressing challenges. Cities of Service helps coalition cities share solutions, best practices, and lessons learned, as well as spreads awareness about meaningful work happening in cities. Visitcitiesofservice.orgto get involved, and follow @citiesofservice on Twitter.
The snow prevented some couples from applying for their marriage license this week in Massachusetts there is a three calendar day wait to pick up your license so couples needed to apply by February 10th to get married on Valentines Day.Cupid has a solution:City Hall will be open this Saturday, February 14th, Valentines Day, from 9:00am to 12 noon at Boston City Hall Room 213 for marriage licenses to be issued.Couples can still apply today Wednesday, February 11th until 4:00pm at the Boston Registry for Marriage.Couples with valid marriage licenses can also schedule a wedding ceremony at City Hall between 9:00am to 12 noon this Saturday by calling 617-635-4175. For more information, visit:http://www.cityofboston.gov/registry/marriage/.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the appointment of Miren Uriarte to the Boston School Committee, the governing body of the Boston Public Schools (BPS). Uriarte is an active member of Bostons Latino community who, as a UMass Boston faculty member, has done extensive research on the impact of educational policies on the outcomes of Latinos and English Language Learners in BPS and Massachusetts Schools.Today, Latino students are the largest racial ethnic group enrolled in the Boston Public Schools, and a recent BPS study showed that the achievement gap, especially for young Latino males persists in Boston, said Mayor Walsh. Ms. Uriarte has spent decades in Bostons Latino community, and has the firsthand knowledge about what policies and investments can be made to make headway on this issue. Im thrilled that the School Committee will have Ms. Uriartes breadth of expertise to inform the future of BPS.Ms. Uriarte has already worked closely with the Boston School Committee as a member of the External Advisory Committee. The EAC developed the student assignment plan currently in use by the District, which seeks to improve equitable access to our highest quality schools across the city, said Michael ONeill, Chair of the Boston School Committee. Additionally, her professional research has been invaluable to the District's efforts to improve programs and opportunities for students who are English Language Learners. On behalf of my fellow members, we are delighted that she is willing to join the School Committee and have no doubt she will quickly add immeasurably to the challenging work in front of us.Im a mom with a son who graduated from BPS, a longtime member of Bostons Latino community, and a researcher who has focused on issues faced by English language learners, said Uriarte.I believe in using data, and evidence to make informed decisions about policy development. Im looking forward to bringing these experiences to the School Committee, and working with a great team.Uriarte has been a teacher for 34 years, teaching undergraduate and graduate students at UMass Boston since 1981. Currently, she teaches in the College of Public and Community Service as a professor of Human Services and Latino Studies. In this role she is familiar with the barriers facing Latinos seeking services at existing institutions and the challenges facing human service institutions charged with providing services to Latinos.From 1989 to 1993 Uriarte was the founding director of the Mauricio Gastn Institute for Latino Community Development and Public Policy at UMass Boston, and again served in the director position from 2000-2001 and from 2005 to 2008. She has focused extensively on Latino communities in her research, documenting various aspects of the Latino experience in the region, and looking at ways in which this community is similar and different to other Latino and immigrant communities across the United States.Uriarte has also done extensive research on English Language Learners (ELLs) in BPS. She has followed closely the impact on the educational outcomes of ELLs of changes in legislative policy ending bilingual education in the state, and replacing it with sheltered English immersion. Her 2009 research work with colleague Rosann Tung, English Learners in Boston Public Schools in the Aftermath of Policy Change, resulted in BPS revamping the ways services were delivered to ELLs in Boston, and the creation of an ELL Task Force by the Boston School Committee. The same research team conducted a subsequent study titled Improving Educational Outcomes of English Language Learners in Schools and Programs in Boston Public Schools, which was released in 2011.Uriartes studies of Latino communities in New England have been commissioned by The Boston Foundation, the Rhode Island Foundation and the Annie E. Casey Foundation. She has completed research reports for the Massachusetts Board of Elementary and Secondary Education, the Joint Committee on Education of the Massachusetts Legislature, the Governors Latino-American Commission, and the Boston Public Schools. Her work has been published in books, monographs, and journals, and she made extensive academic and public presentations on her work.Uriarte holds a PhD in Sociology from Boston University, an MSW from the Boston College Graduate School of Social Work, and a BA in Psychology from the University of Florida. She is a native Spanish speaker who was born in Cuba and immigrated to the United States with her family in 1961. She has lived in Boston since 1973.With Uriartes appointment all positions on the 7-member school committee are filled. Uriarte is being appointed to the seat recently vacated by Claudio Martinez, which expires on January 4, 2016, and her appointment is effective upon being sworn in by the Mayor. Other committee members include: Michael O'Neill, Chair Dr. Hardin Coleman, Vice Chair Meg Campbell Michael Loconto Jeri Robinson and Regina Robinson.The Boston School Committee is responsible for defining the vision, mission and goals of the Boston Public Schools establishing and monitoring the annual operating budget hiring, managing and evaluating the Superintendent and setting and reviewing district policies and practices to support student achievement.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh is pleased to announce the submission of a $30 million Choice Neighborhoods application to revitalize the Boston Housing Authoritys Whittier Street Public Housing Development in Roxbury. The application follows a lengthy community process that culminated in aPlan for Transformationfor the site and surrounding neighborhood.The Whittier Choice Plan is ambitious and seeks to bring a comprehensive approach to revitalizing the Lower Roxbury neighborhood, said Mayor Walsh. Were looking forward to presenting a winning proposal to HUD so that we can fulfill the potential for the Whittier Street area and its residents.The plan is highlighted through the four key areas below:Housing: a plan that will bring $300 million in new housing investment, replacing 200 units of deeply subsidized housing and adding 350 new units of moderate and market housing, totaling 550 new units of housing, to create a vibrant new mixed-income neighborhood which will not displace current residents.Neighborhood:a plan that is knitted into the broader Roxbury Master Plan, with targeted investment in infrastructure, public safety, walkability improvements, and community facilities that support and emphasize breaking the isolation of Whittier Street residents.People:a plan that addresses community transformation and opportunity and not just physical improvements, where the Whittier community is a connected community whose members enjoy a broad spectrum of quality programs and services, and have tangible pathways to educational and economic opportunity.Jobs and Economic Opportunities:A Project Labor Agreement that will create hundreds of good-paying union construction jobs as well as increased opportunities for public housing and low-income residents to enter into the Building Pathways program, which provides pre-apprenticeship training and guaranteed placement within the building trades following graduation.We really want to improve peoples lives in a comprehensive way through housing but also through insuring they have the supports they need to learn, grow, and improve their economic circumstances, said BHA Administrator Bill McGonagle. This Plan, if implemented, would transform Lower Roxbury and the lives of the people who live there.Together, the BHA, Madison Park Development Corporation (MPDC), Preservation of Affordable Housing (POAH), city agencies, and many community partners have drafted strategies that build on the strengths of the community to capitalize on planned investment while maintaining the fabric and soul of Lower Roxbury. Those strategies are contained in theWhittier Choice Neighborhood Transformation Plan, which served as the guidepost for BHAs application. The Planprovides new, vibrant housing to Whittier Street development residents and includes a targeted and strategic focus on educational opportunities for children and young adults from birth through age 24. TheCalled Whittier Choice, the community collaboration strives to transform the Lower Roxbury neighborhood in and around Dudley Square and in particular the Whittier Street public housing development. It takes its name from the federal Choice Neighborhoods Initiative, which promotes community development through a focus on neighborhood, housing and people. BHA embarked on this initiative after receiving a $300,000 Choice Neighborhoods Planning Grant through the US Department of Housing and Urban Development.BHA chose Whittier as the site for its Choice Neighborhoods Initiative due to the physical and infrastructure needs of the Whittier public housing development as well as for the rich opportunities for partnership within the surrounding community.If funding is approved, POAH and MPDC will act as co-developers for the project with POAH developing the housing component on the current Whittier site and MPDC developing the housing component off the current Whittier site. The Boston Redevelopment Authority and MPDC will lead the process for the neighborhood goals in the plan and BHA will lead the process for the people goals in the plan.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced SuccessLink, an online tool that enables Boston youth to register for summer jobs. Registering also allows applicants to connect with the Department of Youth Engagement and Employments full menu of services including connection to peer-led personal and career development workshops, scholarships, civic engagement opportunities, and more. The SuccessLink replaces the Boston Youth Funds HOPELINE.It is time for our young people and families to start making summer plans now and we want to give them all of the tools to do so, said Mayor Walsh. We are opening up the SuccessLink so that teens can register for employment, and we have extended registration from 4 weeks to nearly 8 weeks to give all of our young people a chance to connect with us.The SuccessLink application will be available until 11:59 pm on Friday, March 27. Teens can apply 24 hours a day on the Department of Youth Engagement and Employment website,youth.boston.govby clicking the application link.For more than 20 years, the Boston Youth Fund (BYF) has provided employment opportunities for Boston youth in a vast array of positions at non-profit organizations throughout the city. Many of the young people employed are instrumental in assisting non-profit organizations with outreach efforts, childcare, educational awareness, and more.Mayor Walsh explained, the Youth Employment Program is about allowing young people to explore opportunities, gain valuable experience, and participate in development that will help to shape their futures. Now, young people can register for the Youth Employment Program, partake in personal and career development workshops, get connected to resources, and join in on civic engagement initiatives designed to empower youth all in one place.Employment opportunities include positions with the Boston Police Department, New England Aquarium, Zoo New England, radio stations, Boston municipal government departments, and more.Through working with the Boston Youth Fund, I learned the value of community, said Nyasha Mooney-McCoy, who currently is in a junior in college. It is crucial that you establish and develop a connection to the communities in which you live and work. These lessons made my work at the Denney Center and 826 Boston worthwhile. This was an exciting opportunity to be a part of these organizations and invest in positive change. I felt empowered.Last January, the department underwent a major restructuring combining BYF, the Mayors Youth Council, and the Mayors Youthline to transition to an actual one-stop shop for teens located at 1483 Tremont Street, known as the Department of Youth Engagement and Employment.Potential employees must apply by using Mayor Walshs SuccessLink (formerly known as BYFs HOPELINE) in order to be considered for a position this summer.Teens interested in applying must meet the following requirements:*** If interested applicants are having difficulty registering online, they can visit the Department of Youth Engagement and Employment at 1483 Tremont Street, Roxbury 02120 or call617-635-4202for assistance.Applying for a summer position with SuccessLink does NOT guarantee a job, but young people can take steps to increase their chances of employment. The department will be hosting the 3rd annual Teen Job Fair at the BCYF Recreation Center at Madison Park on Saturday, February 21 from 11:00 am - 2:00 pm. Participants will have an opportunity to meet potential summer employers, win prizes, interview for positions, and more. Interested applicants can also apply directly to sites to increase their chances of employment.Teens interested in attending the job fair can pre-register for the event and get more information at:http://successlinkjobfair.eventbrite.com
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a series of free events scheduled throughout 2015 to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC). Titled BLC XL, this anniversary series will feature four seasonal programs celebrating Bostons historic places and the progress made during the past four decades to protect and enhance the citys unique identity.For forty years the Boston Landmarks Commission has worked to safeguard the character of our beloved City, from its iconic downtown buildings to its many vibrant neighborhoods, said Mayor Walsh. I encourage residents and visitors to take advantage of the BLCs free programming and join us throughout this anniversary year as we mark these truly landmark achievements.For the series first event, taking place onMarch 12, 2015, the BLC will partner with the Friends of the Public Garden. At the winter BLC XL program, A Spin in the Park, the public is invited to enjoy a free guided tour of the Boston Common. On this early-evening ramble, the Friends will present the colorful history of the Common, a designated Boston Landmark since 1977, and their ongoing efforts to restore and maintain it. BLC staff will reveal how the Commons significant fences, statuary and fountains help define one of the citys foundational places. This spin through the park will then take to the ice with skating at the Frog Pond, where rental skates will be made available to registered attendees at no cost along with a complimentary hot chocolate. Online registration is available here:blcxlwinter.eventbrite.comSubsequent BLC XL events slated for 2015 include the BLCs National Historic Preservation Month keynote event, to be held in May a picnic and talk in Franklin Park, co-hosted by the Boston Parks and Recreation Department, scheduled for July and a harvest-themed archaeological program coinciding with National Archaeology Month in October. For upcoming event details and announcements, please follow the BLC on Facebook and Twitter (@COBLandmarks), visit their website atboston.gov/landmarks,and join our e-mail list by contacting Tonya Loveday attonya.loveday@boston.gov.About the Boston Landmarks CommissionThe BLC was established in 1975 to identify and protect historic buildings, structures, areas and sites, review development and demolition activities affecting older properties, provide public information and assistance related to preservation and archaeology, and provide staff support to the local Historic District Commissions. There are over 8,000 properties within local Historic Districts or designated as individual Boston Landmarks by the Commission.About the Friends of the Public GardenThe Friends of the Public Garden is a non-profit citizen's advocacy group formed in 1970 to preserve and enhance the Boston Common, Public Garden and Commonwealth Avenue Mall in collaboration with the Mayor and the Parks and Recreation Department of the City of Boston. A model public-private partnership and the first in the region, the Friends number over 2,500 members and many volunteers. www.friendsofthepublicgarden.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today issued safety tips ahead of the low wind chill temperatures, and winter storm expected early next week.A Wind Chill Advisory has been issued for Boston from 6 p.m. Thursday until Friday at 10 a.m. Temperatures will range between 6 below to 18 above zero the wind chill reading could be as low as 20 below.Saturday through Tuesday, Boston is expected to receive an additional 8-15 inches of snow.""While the City continues to work around the clock to clear our roads and sidewalks and remove the amount of snowfall Boston has received recently, we need residents to take extra precautions as we prepare for another storm and extremely low temperatures,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I continue to encourage residents to stay inside and off the roads as much as possible to stay safe and allow our Public Works Department to do their job. In addition, please remember to check on your neighbors.""This winter, Boston has received over 53 inches of snow, and the past week has seen the most snowfall in a 7 day period in City history. Due to the historic amount of snow that has recently fallen in Boston, accompanied with the low temperatures, Mayor Walsh is reminding residents to:"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that he signed onto the Long-Term Homeowners Tax Deferral Home Rule Petition, proposed by Councilors Bill Linehan and Stephen J. Murphy. This effort will give qualifying homeowners the option to defer their property taxes to be paid with interest at a later date.Residents should know that they have options in the face of rising property taxes, said Mayor Walsh. This is one of several steps the City of Boston is taking to give homeowners some relief immediately, while implementing long-term solutions to combat rising housing costs.""I would like to thank Mayor Walsh for signing the Tax Deferral Home Rule Petition that I co-sponsored with Councilor Murphy,"" said Councilor Bill Linehan. ""Thistax deferral program will give long term home owners that are land rich but cash poor much needed tax relief and will help them stay in their homes. I look forward to working with our State Legislature on getting this passed for the residents of Boston.""""Councilor Linehan and I sponsored this Home Rule Petition to make certain that long term homeowners are able to stay in their homes,said Councilor Stephen Murphy. ""Withthe Mayor's signature, we send this to Beacon Hill as a United City!""The Long-Term Homeowner Tax Deferral is intended to provide relief to qualifying Boston homeowners who are having difficulty affording their real estate tax liability. A tax deferral is a tax agreement between the homeowner and the City, which allows the homeowner to defer their property taxes until the sale, transfer, or death of the owner. The current annual interest rate of 4% per year, will be applied at the time of payment. Because it is the Citys borrowing rate, there will be no fiscal impact on the City.To qualify for the Long-Term Homeowner Tax Deferral, applicants must meet the following criteria:The Long-Term Homeowners Tax Deferral Home Rule Petition is modeled after an existing property tax deferral program available to seniors over the age of 65, who own and occupy their property as their primary residence. Last year, 28 applicants qualified for the seniors tax deferral for seniors. For more information, contact the Mayors 24-hour hotline at617-635-4500."
Boston Public Library unveiled its newest Collections of Distinction,adding six to the initial 18 collectionsthat represent the most outstanding, expansive, and renowned of its holdings of more than 23 million items. The collections include Massachusetts Newspapers, Boston Artists, Boston Pictorial Archive, the Book of Common Prayer, works by Daniel Defoe, as well as the Mellen Chamberlain Collection of Autographs. Within the collections is an array of books, prints, letters, drawings, and other original works dating back as early as the 14thcentury.It is our privilege to share these distinguished collections from manuscripts to modern art, they bring stories and culture of the past and present to life for the world to view, said Amy E. Ryan, President of the Boston Public Library. We invite the community in to discover the rich history these collections hold.Among the historical items from Massachusetts are works of Boston artists from the 1940s to the present, a collection of photographs and lithographs of Boston scenery from the 18ththrough 20thcenturies, and an archive of Massachusetts newspapers dating back to 1706. Additionally, the Mellen Chamberlain Collection of Autographs contains 20,000 letters, engravings, and documents highlighting American and European history, including documentation of the Salem Witch Trials, the American Revolution, and correspondence from famed authors Ralph Waldo Emerson, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, and John Singleton Copley.Boston Public Library is one of the five largest research libraries in the United States and itscollections are internationally recognized as preeminent among other libraries and cultural institutions. One of the guiding principles in Boston Public Librarys community-informed strategic plan, theBPL Compass, is dedicated to special collections. A group of the librarys most highly trained subject experts, together with members of the librarys Special Collections Committee, established the criteria for the Collections of Distinction.Detailed descriptions, images, curator profiles, and links to resources related to the Collections of Distinction can be found viabpl.org/distinction.Boston Public Library Collections of Distinction are identified based on the following criteria:Boston Public Library gives priority to Collections of Distinction in terms of access, acquisition, digitization, preservation, and staff development and will continue to identify additional candidates for Collections of Distinction status.Featured image: Gleason's pictorial drawing-room companion, Boston, Mass. : F. Gleason, 1851-1859. More images are available.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
With forecasters predicting heavy snowfall today and subzero temperatures tonight into earlyTuesdaymorning, Mayor Martin J. Walsh and public health officials are reminding residents to take precautions due to the extreme cold. Residents are encouraged to remain vigilant and help the Citys vulnerable populations during this dangerous cold snap, particularly homeless and elderly residents. In such cold conditions, health officials stress that all precautions must be taken to stay warm, as hypothermia or frostbite set in quickly in freezing temperatures. We are very concerned about this current storm and its implications. Working with city departments and our private partners, we will take every precaution necessary to keep our residents safe, said Mayor Walsh. I ask that every Boston resident look out for their neighbor, whether it be in the home next door, or on our citys streets.The Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) has been in constant contact with their city-wide network of homeless shelter providers, outreach teams, city agencies, and first responders to coordinate outreach efforts to Bostons homeless population before, during, and after the predicted snowfall and temperature drop.Due to the severe wind chills forecasted, as low as -15 to 24 below zero, the homeless safety net will make every effort to encourage homeless individuals to seek shelter via the Pine Street Inn and Boston Healthcare for the Homeless outreach vans. During the heaviest snow, first responders will actively seek out individuals in need should outreach vans be inoperable in inclement weather.During the winters cold, all BPHC shelters are kept open for daytime hours for the safety and well being of clients. Throughout the storm and subsequent temperature drop, BPHC will encourage guests to remain indoors throughout our shelter network for their safety. In preparation for the impending storm, BPHC Homeless Services staff has stocked each facility with necessary provisions and have increased maintenance, food preparation, and client services staffing. BPHCs network of homeless service providers works to ensure that no client is ever without shelter. In addition, all those guests previously barred for non-violent offenses will be granted amnesty for their safety.If you see a person in need of shelter, or if you are aware of a homeless individual who is not properly dressed for the cold, please call 911. If you or someone you know is in need of shelter, please go to the BPHC Woods-Mullen site, located at 794 Massachusetts Avenue in the South End at the corner of Melnea Cass Boulevard and Massachusetts Avenue.For additional information on how to stay safe this winter, visitcityofboston.gov/cold. 
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined the Department of Innovation and Technology, the Public Works Department, and the Office of New Urban Mechanics in announcing Boston Snow Stats, an online platform for Boston residents to access snow operation information, at any time. Snow Stats is available at:Snowstats.boston.gov.From day one, Ive expressed a deep commitment to transparency, and Snow Stats brings the people of Boston closer to municipal government, said Mayor Walsh. With this tool residents will now be directly connected to the snow and ice removal process in their neighborhoods. Thanks to the creative work of the Department of Innovation and Technology, and the Office of New Urban Mechanics, the public now has an inside look at the Department of Public Works, who are working round-the-clock to make roads safe and accessible across Boston.AtSnowstats.Boston.gov, residents can monitor Bostons snow operations including an overview of the season showing the total miles and hours plowed, salt used, and total snowfall. The platform also shows what phase the snow operation is in, and what tasks are being completed in each snow response phase.Residents can also enter their residential address to get details about the percentage of streets plowed and the miles plowed in their neighborhood. The platform also shows the number of snow plows on duty, and the amount of time they have been on duty.Snow Stats is a part of a larger citywide strategy, such as Citizens Connect, to engage the community in the City of Bostons daily operations, and use the Citys real-time data to drive decision making.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh, joined by Boston Police Commissioner William Evans, Boston Fire Commissioner Joseph Finn and Boston EMS Chief James Hooley, advocated today for residents to gather in a safe and responsible manner when watching the Patriots on Super Bowl Sunday.We are taking steps to ensure a safe and fun Super Bowl, said Mayor Walsh. We need everyone else to do their part, and celebrate in a respectful and responsible manner. I look forward to rooting on the Patriots this Sunday.Boston Police are engaging with local businesses to ensure that alcohol laws and capacity rules will be strictly enforced, and to be on the lookout for excessive drinking and disorderly conduct. Boston Police are also working with university officials to remind students to root for their team while still being mindful of their actions and the safety of others. Students behaving in a way that warrants the intervention of police will have their information turned over to their respective Dean of Students for appropriate discipline.In the interest of general public safety, Boston Police will be restricting access to several locations in the city both due to the Super Bowl and recent blizzard. Traffic restrictions cover many streets in/around the Brighton area, Kenmore Square, Northeastern, Faneuil Hall and North Station areas. Drivers are asked to pay close attention to signage.Kenmore Square will be closed after the third quarter of play, restricting access to the area unless already inside a bar or restaurant. Boston Police will have extra patrols monitoring license premise locations as well as extra patrols in some neighborhoods.In addition, the City encourages fans traveling to Boston to watch the game to use public transportation when possible and never to drink and drive. Boston Police will have officers on duty, focused specifically on DUI enforcement.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today launched the on-the-ground phase of the City of Bostons Go Boston 2030 transportation initiative with the Whats Your Question truck, a glass truck that will visit every city neighborhood from January 29 to February 7. The truck is part of the larger Go Boston 2030 Question Campaign that asks residents and commuters, Whats your question about getting around Boston in the future?Go Boston 2030 is an initiative launched by the City of Boston to imagine a bold new transportation plan for Boston for the next five, 10, and 15 years. The plan will be built on direct input from people who participate in the Question Campaign by donating their question in-person through the Whats Your Question truck, donating online at GoBoston2030.org, tweeting their question using the #GoBoston2030 hashtag, or texting questions to 617-925-6914. Participants can track their question throughout the process to see how their input fits into the larger Vision, which will be created from submitted questions.Everyone is encouraged to donate a question whether resident, commuter, or visitor.The Go Boston 2030 initiative is using the latest technology and real grass roots activity toachieve an unprecedented level of community engagement. We're hearing directly from a broad group of people about what their needs and hopes are for Boston's transportation future,said Mayor Walsh. Together, through this initiative, the public and city officials will build a bold and innovative plan that will improve mobility for residents, commuters, and visitors.The Go Boston 2030 initiative takes a unique approach to community engagement through the Question Campaign that combines cutting edge technology with grassroots, in-person interaction to gather input from as many residents, commuters, and visitors possible on what their needs and hopes are for transportation. The campaign was built on the premise that asking questions can inspire vision, make concerns visible, and lead to great ideas.Roughly 1,000 questions have been submitted so far, which are available to view and track on the Go Boston 2030 website. To engage more people, Go Boston 2030 has also been advertising on the MBTA buses and trains as well as bus shelters. The goal is to have about 5,000 questions donated in this Question Campaign. The Whats Your Question truck will tour the city for 10 days and provide people with the opportunity to donate and display their question right in the truck.The stops cover every neighborhood in Boston  from residential to the business districts.Our last comprehensive transportation was completed more than a decade ago and things have changed in the city, said Transportation Commissioner Gina Fiandaca. We are developing a big vision as well as a concrete list of immediate improvements and long term investments to ensure that our transportation system is safer, greener, and more equitable for everyone traveling in Boston in the future. Working with residents and business, this vision will establish common goals for shaping mobility in the future.Following the Question Campaign, the submitted questions will be reviewed and organized into themes, which, in turn, will serve as the foundation for a Vision, shared goals, and set of early action steps to be released this spring.This will be followed by a comprehensive, long-term Action Plan to be released in spring of 2016 that will have resulting transformative polices and projects designed to increase equity in mobility, improve the economy, better connect people to jobs and education, and protect the environment.The public will have further opportunities to weigh in on all phases of the process with public forums in spring to display the results of the Question Campaign. In the fall of 2015, there will be more public meetings to identify policies and projects to help turn the Vision and goals into an innovative transportation plan.The Go Boston 2030 initiative is led by the Boston Transportation Department and is a collaboration of many City agencies, MassDOT, and the MBTA.The initiative is steered by the Mayors Mobility Plan Advisory Committee, which is co-chaired by Representative Russell Holmes, who represents the Sixth Suffolk district in Boston and Richard Dimino, President and CEO of A Better City, a business group advancing the economic competitiveness and quality of life in Boston.Question Truck ScheduleThe Whats Your Question truck schedule is below. This is subject to change due to winter weather. For the latest schedule, please contact Alice Brown at alice.brown@boston.gov.Thurs 1/29o12:00  2:00City Hall Plazao4:00  7:00Hyde Park  River Street at Fairmount AvenueFri 1/30o12:00  2:00Back Bay/Beacon Hill  Copley Squareo4:00  7:00South Boston  West Broadway at East BroadwaySat 1/31o12:00  2:00Allston/Brighton  Oak Square YMCAo4:00  7:00North End  Cross Street at Hanover StreetMon 2/2o12:00  2:00Downtown Crossing  Summer Street at Washington Streeto4:00  7:00Charlestown  Public LibraryTues 2/3o12:00  2:00Downtown  Dewey Squareo4:00  7:00Roslindale SquareWed 2/4o12:00  2:00Mattapan Squareo4:00  7:00West Roxbury  Roche Community CenterThurs 2/5o12:00  2:00Roxbury  Dudley Squareo1:45  3:30Roxbury  Madison Park Higho4:00  7:00Jamaica Plain  Centre Street at Green StreetFri 2/6o12:00  2:00Chinatown Gateo4:00  7:00East Boston - Maverick SquareSat 2/7o12:00  2:00South End  Tremont Street at Clarendon Streeto4:00  7:00Dorchester  Upham's Corner
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the continuation of the Youth Participatory Budgeting Process and the allocation of $1 million to Youth Lead the Change, a youth-led participatory, budgeting vote.""By engaging our young people in city government, we are training the next generation of leaders to think critically about how government can better serve our residents, said Mayor Walsh. I am proud that we will be able to build on last years success and continue to give Bostons youth a voice in their future.Last year, young people voted to fund seven winning projects that enhanced community parks, installed security cameras, granted Boston Public Schools Chromebooks, and funded a skateboard feasibility study.Youth Lead the Change (YLC) is carried out by the Department of Youth Engagement and Employment, in close collaboration with a steering committee comprised of twenty six community and youth serving organizations. The Participatory Budgeting Project facilitates the implementation of participatory budgeting nationwide, and works closely with Youth Lead the Change.Youth Lead the Change will has hosted several brainstorming sessions for this years projects. The following sessions are as follows:Many people were surprised by how insightful and responsible our young people are when invited to engage in democracy, said Shari Davis, Executive Director of the Department of Youth Engagement and Employment. This process proves that young people are capable and essential in building infrastructure and developing healthy communities.Stephen Lafume, a high school student in Boston, participated in YLC and is now engaged in a number of City youth initiatives.Last year, I went to an assembly in South Boston at the Condon Community Center to brainstorm ideas, said Lafume. I really liked the idea that the Mayor trusted the youth with how to spend a million dollars. Later, I applied to join the Mayors Youth Council. I was skeptical at first, but it turned out to be really fun.MassCOSH has had a long and positive relationship with the Department of Youth Engagement and Employment over many years, said Colleen Armstrong, MassCOSH Steering Committee Member. Youth Lead the Change was an opportunity for us to deepen that relationship in a new and exciting way. As an organization, MassCOSH is invested in youth-led programming and hearing youth voices as leaders. YLC is a new, innovative way for our peer leaders and other youth across Boston to have their voices heard and show that they are adept and recognizing and responding to the issues in their communities. Ideas can also be submitted through the Youth Lead the Change website,or by texting 844-YLC-LEAD."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that Boston has been awarded first place in the 2015 City Livability Awards Program, which took place during The U.S. Conference of Mayors 83rd Annual Meeting in San Francisco.The 2015 City Livability Award recognized mayoral leadership in developing and implementing programs that improve the quality of life in Americas cities, focusing on the leadership, creativity and innovation demonstrated by mayors. This years winning cities were selected by former mayors from a pool of over 200 applicants.?I am honored to receive this prestigious award on behalf of the City of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Were involving our youngest and brightest residents in local government, and empowering them to make positive changes in their neighborhoods?. ?I am proud we were able to ?challenge young people to ?think ??critically ?about how to spend taxpayer dollars in a way that better serves the people. This fosters a sense of responsibility and accountability? and they walk away knowing their voices matter.This is the 36th year in which cities have competed for the award, which is sponsored by the Conference of Mayors and Waste Management, Inc., the nations largest environmental solutions provider. Boston was recognized for its Youth Lead the Change Program, which aims to create a foundation of trust and collaboration between city officials and the youth in the surrounding community. The program, entirely youth-led, puts young people aged 12-25 in direct control over $1 million of the city budget. View video, here:https://vimeo.com/131215784.Over 1,550 youth participated in the 2014 program, and seven projects were funded, including park renovations, art wall construction, sidewalk improvements, and a skate park feasibility study. This year, over 2,500 youth participated in the program and voted on how funding should be allocated.""This is a process designed by and for young people, said Shari Davis, Director of the Citys Department of Youth Engagement and Employment. One big piece of Youth Lead the Changes success is creating real opportunities for youth participation. We were able to do that by meeting young people where they are, building relationships, and allowing them to be the experts that we know they are in spaces where they are safe and comfortable.""For more information about 'Youth Lead the Change' and this years winning projects, please visit:http://www.cityofboston.gov/news/Default.aspx?id=20158.About The United States Conference of MayorsThe U.S. Conference of Mayors is the official nonpartisan organization of cities with populations of 30,000 or more. There are nearly 1,400 such cities in the country today, and each city is represented in the Conference by its chief elected official, the mayor. Like us on Facebook atfacebook.com/usmayors, or follow us on Twitter attwitter.com/usmayors."
Nikki's selfless actions offer the opportunity to provide students at UP Academy in Dorchester with additional educational resources that will directly improve their learning experience. Her students are incredibly fortunate to have Nikki as a teacher and she has my full support as we move forward. If it is decided that this donation goes against state law, I hope we can work together to find a solution that allows UP Academy to keep this contribution for the benefit of the students. 
"At his State of the City speech, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the creation of C-Town Tech, an information technology (IT) program at Charlestown High School. The program is aimed at ensuring more youth complete high school, earn a college degree, and are well prepared for career success. C-Town Tech is currently recruiting for the program that will launch at Charlestown High School in September 2015.""I want to see all of Boston's students succeed,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This robust partnership is creating a blueprint in Boston for high school learning and workforce training. By creating pipelines and educational incentives that lead to higher education, we can ensure our students are on track to employment and a bright future.""Through C-Town Tech, high school students can earn up to 30 college credits, the equivalent of up to two full college semesters, toward an industry-recognized IT degree at Bunker Hill Community College. In addition they will be able to participate in work-related activities such as job shadows and internships. The program is a partnership between SAP, the market leader in enterprise application software, Jobs for the Future, Bunker Hill Community College, the Boston Public Schools, the Mayors Office, and the Boston Private Industry Council (PIC), an organization that places and supports high school students in Boston area internships.This high tech program presents a fantastic opportunity for our students at Charlestown High School to earn free college credits and gain hands-on experience in a competitive market while they are still in high school, said Superintendent John McDonough. This partnership underscores our commitment to ensuring our students are well prepared for success in college and career.Through C-Town Tech, students will start earning college credit early in their high school experience while being exposed to IT careers through coordination between SAP and the Boston PIC. Students in the program will also have access to mentors at SAP, and work-based learning activities like job shadowing, career academies, career fairs, and short-term and long-term internships at SAP and within its ecosystem. Entry level IT jobs in the Boston area come with competitive salaries for example, IT help desk salaries start at more than $45,000 a year.We look forward to the implementation of this program with Charlestown High School, said BHCC President Pam Eddinger. We are hoping to create a model template that can be replicated with best practices for a pathway that connects high school through community college to a well-paying career.The SAP partnership with Charlestown High School and Bunker Hill Community College is an important step toward realizing Mayor Walshs vision of college and career pathways for all Boston high school students, said Neil Sullivan, executive director of the Boston Private Industry Council. The integration of academic and technical education, combined with workplace experience and career exploration, is the formula for success for so many students. Its not just for vocational students anymore. This approach is attractive for students at all ability levels, particularly high achievers who prefer to learn in context.C-Town Tech is part of SAPs efforts to scale signature education initiatives such as B-TECH, an early college high school program in New York City. The effort in Boston is part of a wider effort SAP is driving to equip the worlds youth with tools they need to thrive in the 21st century workforce.Our mission at SAP is to help the world run simple and improve peoples lives, said Dave Spencer, managing director, East Region, SAP. Working with this fantastic group of partners in Boston allows us to simplify the access young students have to education and to a career in technology.""The 21st century economy is providing new opportunities for good careers, but many young people have no way to prepare for them. We applaud SAP, Bunker Hill Community College and the other partners for opening doors for Charlestown Highs young people, and Jobs for the Futures Pathways to Prosperity Network is proud to be guiding this exciting project, said Marlene Seltzer, President and CEO, Jobs for the FutureA recruitment campaign for enrollment at Charlestown High School began in December 2014 and will continue through February, including an information session scheduled for February 28, 2015 at Bunker Hill Community College. The campaign includes short events that focus on exposing students in the 8th grade to IT careers and professions in order for them and their parents to make an informed choice about pursuing the C-Town Tech program."
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced theDepartment of Neighborhood Development (DND)is partnering withcoUrbanize, a local tech start up,on an online platformthat will increase transparency in the development of City-owned land and City-funded housing. This launch complements Mayor Walshs State of the City Neighborhood Homes Initiative announcement that 300 city-owned parcels will be made available for development of housing for low-and middle-income families.I encourage residents to use this innovative platform to stay connected and engaged as development on City-owned land is proposed and reviewed, said Mayor Walsh. My administration is committed to a transparent development process and this partnership with coUrbanize will help us to deliver on that promise.We are thrilled to enhance the Citys existing community engagement process by bringing it online with even more transparency and accessible ways for communities to participate in local development, said coUrbanize CEO and Co-Founder Karin Brandt.ThecoUrbanize platform, accessible on DNDs web site, will help residents and developers more easily find information about DND development projects and City-owned properties available for development. Boston residents will be able to track local projects, find meeting times, and submit online feedback through aforum hosted on DNDs websiteand atcoUrbanize.com. In addition, the coUrbanize platform will be used to catalogue information about City-owned land and buildings available for development. This partnership delivers on a commitment the Mayor made in Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030 to increase transparency, efficiency, and accountability in Boston land development.Although the City currently has a robust community engagement process around the use of its land and buildings, the coUrbanize platform will give residents another way to engage in the process, ensuring that developments best meet the needs of neighborhoods in which they are located.ABOUT coUrbanizecoUrbanize.com is a Cambridge-based startup and 2013 graduate of the prestigious accelerator, TechStars. coUrbanize works with real estate developers and municipalities to create civic engagement through an online platform that complements public meetings with online conversations. Through the coUrbanize platform, residents can learn about local projects, find meeting information, ask questions, provide feedback on project plans, and interact with fellow residents.
"At his State of the City speech, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the creation of C-Town Tech, an information technology (IT) program at Charlestown High School. The program is aimed at ensuring more youth complete high school, earn a college degree, and are well prepared for career success. C-Town Tech is currently recruiting for the program that will launch at Charlestown High School in September 2015.""I want to see all of Boston's students succeed,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This robust partnership is creating a blueprint in Boston for high school learning and workforce training. By creating pipelines and educational incentives that lead to higher education, we can ensure our students are on track to employment and a bright future.""Through C-Town Tech, high school students can earn up to 30 college credits, the equivalent of up to two full college semesters, toward an industry-recognized IT degree at Bunker Hill Community College. In addition they will be able to participate in work-related activities such as job shadows and internships. The program is a partnership between SAP, the market leader in enterprise application software, Jobs for the Future, Bunker Hill Community College, the Boston Public Schools, the Mayors Office, and the Boston Private Industry Council (PIC), an organization that places and supports high school students in Boston area internships.This high tech program presents a fantastic opportunity for our students at Charlestown High School to earn free college credits and gain hands-on experience in a competitive market while they are still in high school, said Superintendent John McDonough. This partnership underscores our commitment to ensuring our students are well prepared for success in college and career.Through C-Town Tech, students will start earning college credit early in their high school experience while being exposed to IT careers through coordination between SAP and the Boston PIC. Students in the program will also have access to mentors at SAP, and work-based learning activities like job shadowing, career academies, career fairs, and short-term and long-term internships at SAP and within its ecosystem. Entry level IT jobs in the Boston area come with competitive salaries for example, IT help desk salaries start at more than $45,000 a year.We look forward to the implementation of this program with Charlestown High School, said BHCC President Pam Eddinger. We are hoping to create a model template that can be replicated with best practices for a pathway that connects high school through community college to a well-paying career.The SAP partnership with Charlestown High School and Bunker Hill Community College is an important step toward realizing Mayor Walshs vision of college and career pathways for all Boston high school students, said Neil Sullivan, executive director of the Boston Private Industry Council. The integration of academic and technical education, combined with workplace experience and career exploration, is the formula for success for so many students. Its not just for vocational students anymore. This approach is attractive for students at all ability levels, particularly high achievers who prefer to learn in context.C-Town Tech is part of SAPs efforts to scale signature education initiatives such as B-TECH, an early college high school program in New York City. The effort in Boston is part of a wider effort SAP is driving to equip the worlds youth with tools they need to thrive in the 21st century workforce.Our mission at SAP is to help the world run simple and improve peoples lives, said Dave Spencer, managing director, East Region, SAP. Working with this fantastic group of partners in Boston allows us to simplify the access young students have to education and to a career in technology.""The 21st century economy is providing new opportunities for good careers, but many young people have no way to prepare for them. We applaud SAP, Bunker Hill Community College and the other partners for opening doors for Charlestown Highs young people, and Jobs for the Futures Pathways to Prosperity Network is proud to be guiding this exciting project, said Marlene Seltzer, President and CEO, Jobs for the FutureA recruitment campaign for enrollment at Charlestown High School began in December 2014 and will continue through February, including an information session scheduled for February 28, 2015 at Bunker Hill Community College. The campaign includes short events that focus on exposing students in the 8th grade to IT careers and professions in order for them and their parents to make an informed choice about pursuing the C-Town Tech program."
"In honor of Black History Month, the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture is featuring an exhibition of visual arts from theAfrican-AmericanMasterArtistsin ResidenceProgramat Northeastern University (http://www.lib.neu.edu/archives/africanamericanactivism/aamarp.htm) in the Scollay Square Gallery on thethird floor at Boston City Hall.""The African-AmericanMasterArtistsinResidenceProgramdoes incredible work, highlighting the narrative of the African American community,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Boston is proud of its diversity, and our African American community is a major part of that. I am grateful for Northeastern University's commitment to bringing awareness to history in this way.""The exhibition is open now throughFebruary 28, 2015.TheAfrican-AmericanMaster Artists in Residence Program is a group of visual artists who come from many different backgrounds. Their work covers a wide variety of media, styles, and themes. All of the artists in the collective are storytellers who seek to relate some part of the same ever-evolving narrative of theAfricandiaspora. The works convey and celebrate the cultural and historical richness of theAfrican-Americanexperience.We are excited to work with Northeastern UniversitysAfrican-AmericanMaster Artists in Residence Program to present more than 25 pieces at City Hall, says Julie Burros, the City of Bostons Chief of Arts and Culture. The work both helps us remember the diverse experiences ofAfrican-Americansand celebrate the creativity of these artists who convey their perspectives through the visual arts.TheAfrican-AmericanMaster Artists in Residence Program (AAMARP) is a center of excellence in multicultural visual and performing arts dedicated to creating an enriching cultural environment for a diverse community through exhibitions, concerts, performances, lectures, and workshops. Founded in 1977 by Dana Chandler, AAMARP provides studio space for artists whose work has made an invaluable contribution to Northeastern University and to the vitality of theAfrican-Americanart scene in Boston.AAMARP continues to be a visual arts resource and ambassador of goodwill to the local, national, and international art community, and remains a prominent center for discussion of theAfricanDiaspora cultural growth and development. AAMARP is an adjunct to the Department ofAfricanAmericanStudies, College of Social Sciences and Humanities.The Galleries at Boston City Hall are open to the public at no charge. Boston City Hall is accessible by MBTA via State Street (Orange and Blue lines) and Park Street (Green and Red lines). For additional information, call617-635-3245, or visithttp://www.cityofboston.gov/arts. This release can also be viewed athttp://www.cityofboston.gov/news/Default.aspx?id=18937."
"The following statement can be attributed to Laura Oggeri, Chief Communications Officer for the City of Boston.""Mayor Walsh is not looking to limit the free speech of his employees and, as residents of Boston, he fully supports them participating in the community process. The Mayor wants to ensure that all City employees are encouraged to share their opinions on the Olympics without worrying about consequences of any kind."""
A Special Primary Election will be held on Tuesday, March 3, 2015, in the First Suffolk Representative District, which is composed of 14 precincts in East Boston. The Special Election will fill a vacancy created when Representative Carlo Basile resigned from the Legislature.The final election will take place on March 31, when the top vote getter in each political party will face off, as well as any unaffiliated candidates who have met the legal requirements. A full election calendar can be found on our website: www.boston.gov/elections.The final date to register to vote in the Special Primary Election is February 11, 2015.Voter registration forms can be printed out from the website, found at many libraries and government offices, or can be requested by phone.If you are registered elsewhere in Boston, and have since moved to East Boston, you must change your address, in writing, in order to participate in the special election.If you are one of the many residents, especially the elderly or those with limited mobility, who are qualified to vote by absentee ballot, the Commissioners remind you that you must file a new absentee ballot request every calendar year. The absentee ballot request form can be found on the website, or you may call the Election Department and one will be mailed to you.Please contact the Boston Election Department at 617-635-3767, with any questions.
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the appointment of Gina Fiandaca as Commissioner of the Boston Transportation Department (BTD). Fiandaca, has served as the Interim Deputy Commissioner of BTD since May 2014.As Commissioner, Fiandaca will be responsible for overseeing the city's transportation planning, traffic management and engineering, roadway signage, and parking enforcement.Gina Fiandaca has served the residents of Boston for over 25 years, and brings extensive experience to her new role as Commissioner of the Boston Transportation Department, said Mayor Walsh. She has proven herself to be an exceptional leader, who has strong working relationships with advocates, community members, and state and federal transportation partners.""I am grateful to Mayor Walsh for the opportunity to serve as his Commissioner of the Boston Transportation Department,"" said Fiandaca. ""I look forward to continuing to implement innovative transportation and parking systems in the City of Boston.""Fiandaca has worked at BTD in a variety of capacities since 1990. In 1998 she spearheaded the implementation of Bostons web based parking ticket payment system. From 2006 to 2014, she served as Parking Clerk where she was responsible for all day-to-day operations of the department, including ticket hearing adjudication, parking enforcement oversight, data and revenue analysis, and management of the resident parking program.Fiandaca has hands on experience in innovative transportation policy, and worked closely with the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics on the newly launched ParkBoston app, a mobile phone application that allows users to pay their meter from a smartphone.Fiandaca is a member of several national parking groups, including the National Parking Association. She currently serves as the President of the New England Parking Council.Fiandaca has an MBA from Boston University, and has recently pursued courses in Business and Managerial Economics at Harvard University. She holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Management, and Operations from Suffolk University."
Today, the City of Bostons Office of Food Initiatives will host the annual Live Lottery for food trucks vending on the public way. The Lottery will allow food truck owners to select sites for the upcoming vending year, which will startApril 1, 2015. The Lottery will begin at4:00 PMand is expected to conclude around7:00 PM. It will include personnel from the City of Boston ,including Mobile Food Truck Committee members and staff from the Office of Food Initiatives, and all current and new food truck vendors.Bostons food truck industry continues to grow with more than 80 trucks expected in 2015, says Mayor Walsh. Boston is a great home for small-business entrepreneurs, as is evident from the continued growth of the food truck industry. We are thrilled to be able to continue helping this industry grow.The names of trucks participating in the lottery will be drawn, at random, out of one of three hats, determined by the standing of the truck after the annual evaluation process. With more than 500 shifts available on the public way, the process of site selection is expected to take nearly three hours.By the end of the evening, food truck customers will have a good sense of where they can expect to see their favorite trucks startingApril 1st.
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the appointment of Rosanne Foley as the Executive Director of the Boston Landmarks Commission. A longtime resident of Dorchester, Foley will manage the historic preservation program for the City of Boston, including the Boston Landmarks Commission and nine Historic Districts Commissions. Her position is in the Environment, Energy, and Open Space Cabinet, under the guidance of Chief Austin Blackmon.Rosanne is a community connector, who has been deeply involved in supporting and advocating for Bostons neighborhoods and Main Streets, said Mayor Walsh. Rosanne has vast experience in building community partnerships, and Im pleased to welcome her in this important leadership role.""I am grateful for the opportunity to be part of Mayor Walshs Environment, Energy and Open Space team, said Foley. I look forward to making use of my background and relationships to honor the unique cultural resources that exist in all Boston neighborhoods.In her role, Foley will supervise and direct activities of staff members engaged in preservation surveying and planning and regulatory review. She will represent the City of Boston and the Landmarks Commission in the local, state, and national preservation communities, and interact with local, regional, and federal preservation, development, and environmental agencies.Most recently, Foley was the Executive Director at Fields Corner Main Street where she helped build stronger relationships between area residents, merchants, and institutions. Previously, Foleywas cultural events and marketing consultant for Uphams Corner Main Street and for other Boston area arts and culture non-profit organizations. She has also worked with Go Local MetroBoston, a social enterprise start up, and Codman Square Health Center. Foley held the position of Director at GreenDorchester, a grassroots environmental action collaborative for 8 years, helping to launch Bostons first local bike advocacy group, two farmers markets, and a food co-op.Foley has provided leadership in advisory positions for the City, state, and area non-profits, including the Ashmont MBTA Station Citizens Advisory Committee, the Codman Square Main Street Design Committee, the Dorchester Arts Collaborative, the Dorchester Historical Society, and the Metropolitan Beaches Commission.Foley is a graduate of Northeastern University with a degree in History and Art History.There are more than 8,000 properties locatedin the Citys nine local Historic Districts or designated as individual Boston Landmarks. Thisincludes buildings, structures, sites, and areas that have shaped the City from its beginning to the present day. The Boston Landmarks Commission, along with the local historic district commissions, provides information and assistance concerning the regulatory process, historic preservation planning and protection, archaeology, sources for historical information, and technical assistance."
"The followingstatementcan be attributed to Laura Oggeri, Chief Communications Officer for the City of Boston.""Mayor Walsh is not in support of a referendum on the Olympics. He looks forward to engaging in a robust community process and having a two-way conversation with all neighborhoods as we move forward. Should the public decide to collect signatures for a referendum, that is a right of the people that the Mayor fully supports."""
Mayor Martin J. Walsh, in partnership with the Museum of African American History and the Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras (BYSO), present A Day of Service and Celebration in Honor of Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. The event will take place on Monday, January 19, 2015 at 1 p.m. in historic Faneuil Hall. The City of Boston has the great privilege of working with the Museum of African History and the Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras for its 6th annual Day of Service and Celebration in Honor of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., said Mayor Walsh. Dr. Kings message of justice and peace is just as relevant today as it was during the Civil Rights Movement. I invite all Bostonians to join us in this celebration of the life and legacy of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.The program will feature a keynote speech by Bostons Poet Laureate, Danielle Legros Georges, spoken word tributes to Dr. King, and a moving selection of classical music, spirituals, and freedom songs performed by the Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras Intensive Community Program, conducted by Marta Zurad. A distinguished group of community leaders will read from some of Dr. King's most memorable writings and speeches. Speakers include Eric Jackson, Host of 89.7 WGBHs Eric in the Evening Julie Burros, Chief of Arts + Culture for the City of Boston and Alisa Magnus, Alumna of the Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras Intensive Community Program.In keeping with the spirit of Dr. Kings legacy, the Mayors Office and Boston Careswill be holding a service event at Madison Park High School from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. Hundreds of volunteers will have the opportunity to choose from various community service projects, including assembling toddler beds, making fleece blankets, making flash cards, lap desks, and other items.A Day of Service and Celebration is presented by TARGET and produced by the Mayors Office of Arts + Culture. Events are free and open to the general public. For further information visitwww.cityofboston.gov/arts.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that he has selected Giselle Sterling as the City of Bostons Veterans Services Interim Commissioner. Sterling joined the City as a Community Relations Specialist in March 2012.I want to continue to elevate the Veterans Community, and Giselle is an exceptional leader, said Mayor Walsh. She carries a wealth of experience, having enlisted in Marine Corps among other means of public service. She shares my commitment to both improving the quality of life for those who put their lives on the line for us, and Im pleased shell be serving with us in this capacity.Im humbled at the opportunity to continue working with my fellow veterans, said Sterling. The men and women who have worn the uniform for our country deserve to come back to a community that values their commitment, recognizes their strengths and meets their needs. I look forward to my new responsibilities and in moving ahead with serving our veterans as honorably as they have served us. Prior to her appointment, Sterling served in the United States Marine Corps. In 2000 she completed basic training at Parris Island, South Carolina and was soon after trained as a Field Radio Operator with deployments to Kandahar, Afghanistan the Philippines Guam Diego Garcia and Okinawa, Japan. Giselle was honorably discharged in 2004 and was awarded the Good Conduct Medal, Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, and the National Defense Service Medal.Sterling also previously worked as a Special Event Coordinator for El Mundo Newspaper, and as a Charitable Campaign Coordinator for Action For Boston Community Development, Inc.The first daughter to be born in the United States to Dominican parents, Sterling was instilled with an appreciation for the arts along with a sense of generational responsibility.Sterling is a graduate of the University of Massachusetts, Lowell with a Bachelors Degree in English (writing) and a Minor in studio art. She is currently a graduate student in the Sierra Nevada College MFA Low-Residency Creative Writing Program and resides in Bostons historic North End.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today unveiled an ambitious 2015-2016 legislative agenda, focused on the Mayors continued commitment to strengthening neighborhoods and supporting the local economy. The Mayors agenda will create tools that will have an immediate impact on Boston, and support the growth and development of the City for the next generation. After 17 years in the legislature and now as Mayor of Boston, I see the impact Boston has not only on the region but on the Commonwealth, says Mayor Walsh. I am committed to working with the State legislature and our local partners from across the Commonwealth to pass legislation that is mutually beneficially to us all. In particular, I want to thank Bostons state delegation for their support and collaboration on these legislative initiatives. I look forward to working with them as well as all of my colleagues in the Massachusetts Senate and House of Representatives to ensure that we have a successful two year legislative session here in the City.Improving the climate for local businesses, Supporting workersFiling 56 bills, 26 new to the Citys agenda, Mayor Walsh is proposing two innovative approaches to our business licensing process this legislative session. The first would provide municipalities with increased flexibility for the issuance of entertainment licenses and common victualler licenses, which are required for all food establishments. It would also eliminate the need for certain specialty licenses, reducing the administrative burden for our small and local businesses. This proposal also includes a local option to allow licensed establishments to stay open past2 a.m.to complement the work of the Mayors Late Night Task Force. The second proposal would allow monetary fines to be levied against business owners for license violations. Current enforcement tools, including suspension and revocation of a license, not only hurts the establishments owner but also negatively impacts those who work in the service industry. Monetary fines would provide an additional tool to licensing authorities that would hold employees harmless. These changes reinforce and strengthen the Mayors efforts to streamline the regulatory process for the important small business community.Supporting Access to Affordable HousingAs referenced in his State of the City Address, Mayor Walsh will file a local option for a modest property tax incentive for private developers of workforce housing. Through this legislation, the City will designate workforce housing special tax assessment zones in areas that present an opportunity for increased development of middle-income housing. It would be within those zones that property taxes are waived during the two-year construction phase and then phased in to 100% over a 3 year period. This will act as an incentive to maintain affordable rents while only creating a modest reduction in tax revenue for the City during development and stabilization of certain housing projects.An Equitable Electoral ProcessFulfilling his promise to create a more equitable electoral process, Mayor Walsh is filing a new special act that modifies the nomination paper process for municipal elections in the City of Boston. As it stands now, voters in the City are only allowed to sign one nomination paper for candidates for mayor and district city councilor, and up to four nomination papers for city council at-large candidates. Mayor Walshs initiative will allow voters to sign nomination papers for as many candidates as they choose. This change would allow more candidates to meet the threshold required to seek elected office and would provide voters in the City of Boston broader choice when entering the voting booth.Working to Lower Utility CostsMayor Walshs new proposals also include the establishment of a home heating commission to study opportunities to shift residents away from inefficient, costly and carbon-intensive heating systems toward cleaner and more affordable alternatives.As a result of rising energy costs, inefficient heating systems, and recent patterns of severe weather, a record number of Massachusetts households are in need of financial assistance to adequately heat their homes. To build upon his past advocacy for the federal Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program, Mayor Walsh is taking a leadership role in facilitating the state-level discussions around the long-term solutions to reducing home heating costs and promoting energy efficiency.Supporting VeteransTo ensure that Massachusetts veterans receive the benefits their service warrants, Mayor Walsh will file legislation to provide additional financial assistance to military families who are not able to cover funeral and burial expenses for a veteran. The Mayors proposal will increase the caps currently in place on both the benefit level that municipalities are able to provide these families and the total allowable expenses, to keep pace with the cost of burials and services.Increased Access to Recovery ServicesAs a long-time friend to and advocate for the recovery community, Mayor Walsh will continue to push for legislation, which he had sponsored as a State Representative in prior sessions, that would provide individuals facing first and second time non-violent, drug offenses an opportunity to be evaluated by a licensed addiction specialist. Those with a documented medical need would have access to addiction treatment before continuing with their judicial proceedings. Through his new Office of Recovery Services, this legislation is one part of the Mayors plan to ensure that the treatment and recovery systems are in place to support those battling addiction and their loved ones.In the past legislative session, in partnership with his colleagues at the State House, Mayor Walsh secured a number of state policy changes to benefit the City of Boston. Additional liquor licenses were made available for the first time since 2006, particularly for underserved neighborhoods and Main Streets districts. Also, for the first time since 1906, appointment authority over the Boston Licensing Board was transferred back to the City. Significant changes strengthened our state gun laws, including more comprehensive background checks, and needed reforms to expand access to and the effectiveness of our substance abuse recovery system were made.
The date has been set for the opening of therenovated second floorof the Johnson building at Boston Public Librarys Central Library in Copley Square. On Saturday, February 21, the residents of Boston and beyond will get their first look at the new second floor, which includes a new childrens library, teen area, nonfiction collection, reference services, and a community reading area.The opening of the Central Librarys renovated second floor is an exciting preview of what will be a world-class renovation of one of Bostons cultural gems, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Libraries are places of opportunity and people of all ages will enjoy the books and programs as well as the family-friendly, state-of-the-art space in Copley Square.The Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street, opens at 9 a.m. on Saturday, February 21. Both the Boylston Street entrance and the Dartmouth Street entrance will be open. The celebratory ribbon cutting will take place at 11 a.m. The Mayor is scheduled to attend.A key feature in the Childrens Library is an early literacy area for the youngest learners, with a sensory learning wall intended to help children explore the world around them as they grow. An adjacent story time space is designed for engagement and participation in imaginative play. The nearby technology and computer area contains a digital learning table and collections of word and picture books. The tween area, a first for the Boston Public Library system, is a bridge space between the Childrens Library and the separate teen area. The tween space includes computers, graphic novels, and a craft area. A program room will be used for a variety of activities, featuring multimedia systems to enhance programs.Its fitting that so much of the first phase of this renovation is dedicated to some of our youngest users, said Amy E. Ryan, President of the Boston Public Library. Serving Bostons children and families is at the heart of this project. This is the place where future leaders, readers, and makers can come to connect with one another, their city, and the larger world of ideas.The teen space, dubbed Teen Central by the young people destined to use it, includes a media room that provides many options for engagement in a fun, safe, and social environment. Adjacent to the media room is a digital lab that will host classes and workshops for teens. Graphic design software, tablets, laptops, and a 3D printer are all available to enhance teens learning experience. Diner-style booths and room for group work are included in the setup along with a quiet study space. Designed as a supremely flexible area, collections and furniture can be moved to adapt to any programs offered.The librarys circulating nonfiction collection is also located on the second floor of the Johnson building. Amid the book stacks is a community reading area and places for individual and group work. The renovated second floor is a vibrant and welcoming space, awash in natural light, and supported by skilled staff available to answer questions and assist visitors.TheCentral Library renovation projectcontinues well after the opening of the second floor of the Johnson building. Work related to the second phase of the renovation is currently underway and scheduled for completion in the summer of 2016. It includes significant improvements to the first floor, mezzanine, lower level, and exterior of the Johnson building and will offer a new community learning center, updated lecture hall, the fiction collection, expanded technology, landscape improvements, and much more. The renovation is a City of Boston capital project totaling $75.5 million, headed by the City of Bostons Property and Construction Management department. Consigli Construction Co., Inc. is the contractor and the project architect is William Rawn Associates, Architects, Inc. Updates on the renovation can be found via the Compass blog on the Boston Public Library website (bpl.org/compass). Download a PDF copy of theproject fact sheet.CAPTION: Architects rendering of the Central Library in Copley Square as seen from Boylston and Exeter Streets.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released the Greenovate Boston 2014 Climate Action Plan Update, taking steps to prepare the City of Boston for the impacts of climate change and celebrating the Citys progress towards reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 25 percent by 2020 and 80% by 2050.""When were talking about the environment, were talking about economic development, social equity, public health and safety, and community engagement,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Thats why we bring an environmental mindset to everything we do. Everyone can help make Boston a greener city."" The Mayor will formally present the Plan along with members of the Climate Action Plan Steering Committee and welcome incoming Chief of Environment Energy and Open Space, Austin Blackmonon Thursdayevening at6:15 p.m. at Artists of Humanity in South Boston. The event will conclude with a performance by the local band, Guster. Under Mayor Walsh's leadership, the 2014 plan lays out a more robust climate preparedness strategy, building on prior reports with an enhanced focus on social equity, public health and safety, economic development and community engagement, and superior data and performance measurement.For the first time, the Walsh Administration report sets sector-specific GHG and program participation targets, giving Boston residents, businesses, institutions, and government a clear sense of what is needed to achieve Bostons 25 percent by 2020 GHG reduction goal. The report also takes a first look at what it will take to reach Bostons longer-term goal of reducing emissions 80 percent by 2050, putting Boston on par with only a handful of cities around the world that are exploring such ambitious goals.While the 2014 Plan sets ambitious community goals and targets, the City continues to lead by example. In 2014, the Cityannouncedit had reduced municipal GHG emissions by approximately 27%, meeting its 2020 goal of 25% seven years early. The City is now exploring a new 2020 goal. The Renew Boston Trust, which was announced in the Mayors Chamber of Commerce speech, will further help municipal buildings reduce energy consumption and cut costs.""This is a bold climate action plan put forth by Mayor Walsh and the City which will require engagement by all of our citizens. The Steering Committee felt that, going forward, greater involvement by Bostonians was key in both the development and implementation of an aggressive climate action plan. All of us have a stake in the outcome, and all of us can make a difference"", said Vivien Li, Co-Chair of the 2014 Climate Action Plan Steering Committee.The City already has many initiatives underway to achieve its 2020 goals and targets, and is making significant progress (see attached infographic). For example:Almost 36,000 home weatherizations, heating system replacements, and other home energy upgrades have been completed in Boston since 2009 and Boston will need another 36,000 by 2020 to reach the 8% Neighborhood sector GHG goal. The City is working with its partners to expand Renew Boston and other residential energy efficiency programs. For example, Renew Boston, in partnership with NSTAR and Mass Saves, recently launched anew websiteto connect Boston residents with home energy efficiency products, regardless of whether your rent or own, or the number of units in your building.Solar generation eclipsed 11 MW in Boston in 2014. In addition to the plummeting cost of solar installation, City programs such as thenew solar mapandRace to Solar, which was recently extended until March 2015, are helping Boston reach the 2014 Climate Action Plans target of installing another 10 MW of commercial solar by 2020.Co-generation, a means of local energy production that uses steam to generate both electricity and heat, is a key carbon reduction strategy within the Large Buildings and Institutions (LBI) section. The 2014 Plan sets a target of having 15% of energy use for the LBI sector come from co-generation. The City and Boston Medical Center wererecently awardeda $3.6 million grant from the Commonwealth to build a new 2 MW co-generation plant that will provide local, clean energy for the hospital and help the hospital maintain its operations in the event of a power outage.The Building Energy Reporting and Disclosure Ordinance (BERDO) is enabling the City to better understand commercial energy use and set specific energy targets along with better assistance and services to help business reduce their energy bills. The first year of reporting (2014) provided encouraging results, with a compliance rate of over 85% and initial data showing that Boston buildings have an average Energy Star score of 74, which is well above the national average. A full report with sector-level BERDO data will be release at the end of the month.Vehicle fuel economy improvements, which are largely the result of new federal standards, are leading the reduction of emissions from the transportation sector, despite more jobs and vehicle miles traveled in Boston. As part ofGo Boston 2030, the Citys mobility visioning and planning process, the City will set a Boston-specific fuel economy target, as well as strategies to help achieve it.The Plans Climate Preparedness section continues to emphasize the need for regional collaboration. TheRegional Climate Preparedness Summit, hosted by UMass-Boston this spring, will help catalyze these efforts.Local efforts include theLiving with Waterdesign competition, which is currently underway, and citywide efforts to coordinate resiliency planning through the new Chief Resilience Officer.The Mayor has declared January 15th Guster Day in Boston to honor Guster's local roots and commitment to the environment."
During his State of the City speech, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the City of Boston is implementing a new technology that will allow drivers to pay for parking without the hassle of feeding meters. Using the new ParkBoston app, drivers in Boston can easily pay for parking, receive reminders before their time expires, and extend their time without having to hurry back to the meter.The ParkBoston app is one more way that we are using technology to make transportation easier and more convenient for people in Boston, said Mayor Walsh. Nobody likes digging around for quarters or getting a ticket for an expired meter. This innovation eases the frustration involved with parking and allows for future enhancements to the citys parking system.Parking meters in an area of the Back Bay, bordered by Beacon Street to the north, Charles Street to the east, Boylston Street to the south and Dartmouth street to the west, will be the first to be programmed to accept payments by phone. The attached map outlines the pilot area. The remainder of the City of Bostons 8,000-metered parking spaces will be phased in over the coming months following this weeks launch.New ParkBoston signs and parking meter decals are being applied to meters to make drivers aware of where the new service is in effect. Once a parking space is located, a driver can access the ParkBoston app or mobile website, enter in the zone number on the ParkBoston decal on the nearby meter, and input their license plate number and the desired length of time they wish to stay. Users are still subject to the maximum amount of time the meter allows, and parking at most city meters is for a maximum of two hours, with some meters allowing for a maximum of four hours. ParkBoston users will receive a notification before their parking session expires and have the option to extend their time remotely.When using the app the meter will not change to reflect a drivers paid time, however, Bostons Parking Enforcement Officers will see the payment on their handheld computers. To determine whether a driver paid using ParkBoston, the Parking Enforcement Officers will enter the license plate number into their handheld devices. It is still the drivers responsibility to check for posted signage regarding parking restrictions that could result in a parking ticket. This includes when parking meters are not in effect for the purpose of street cleaning, overnight resident parking, commercial vehicle loading, valet zone, construction, or special events.The fee for metered parking in Boston is $1.25 per hour. A $0.15 cent convenience fee will be applied for each mobile phone pay parking transaction. Customers will be clearly informed of the convenience fee before confirming payment.The Boston Transportation Department and the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics developed ParkBoston in collaboration with Charlotte, NC-based PassportParking, Inc. Passport is an industry leader in building customized parking and transit platforms for municipalities, including Chicago, IL and Victoria, British Columbia.Smart phone users can create an account by downloading the app for free from the iPhone App Store and the Google Play Store or by visitingpark.boston.gov.To learn more, visitpark.boston.govor view the how-to video atbit.ly/parkboston
"I commend the Boston Teachers Union and Boston Public Schools on reaching an agreement. This is anexample of successful collaboration efforts, and ouryoung people will now have more time to learn.The partnership between theBostonTeachersUnionand theBostonPublic Schoolshas been integralto helping us reachthis milestone. Anything is possible after tonights vote. Our education system will be stronger than ever before, as we take one step closer to bridging the achievement gap.""Boston is full of promising young people, and this change in our system will give them what they deserve most: the opportunity to succeed."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh tonight delivered his first State of the City Address, laying out his vision to build on the work of the past year to create a thriving, healthy, and innovative city for all residents and neighborhoods in Boston.""I'm pleased to report that the state of our city is strong, and getting stronger,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Our economy is flourishing, and many more people are working. We are protecting the taxpayers' hard-earned dollars, while delivering the best results ever in city services.We are getting guns off the streets and investing in our neighborhoods. City Hall is more representative of the people it serves than ever before. As Boston approaches its 400th birthday, our goal is a thriving, healthy, and innovative city for all - one community that is a global leader for the 21st century.""Improving Education for Today and the FutureIn his remarks, the Mayor called for a school system that betters serves all of Boston's children, emphasizing his commitment to finding a Superintendent of Boston Public Schools who will strengthen Boston's schools today, and for the next generation.In his first year, Mayor Walsh successfully negotiated toadd 40 minutes of learning timefor every student through eighth grade, worked toexpand full-day pre-kindergartento more children in Boston, tripled the size of theSuccess Bostoncollege completion program, revamped theBoston School Committee, and is working to redesign high school programming to serve as pathways to college and career.In his address, the Mayor announced:A new partnership with global software company SAP that will create a high-tech pipeline for students from Charlestown High School, connecting them with Bunker Hill Community College and job placements.Spurring Innovation, Supporting CreativityThe Mayor knows that Boston will thrive when the City invests in innovation in every neighborhood, and makes city government accessible to every resident.Stronger Neighborhoods, Making Housing More Accessible, AffordableMayor Walsh knows that Boston will only thrive when housing is affordable and accessible and neighborhoods are strong. As a result of investments in the City's urban park structure result, 97% of Bostonians live within a 10-minute walk of a parkmaking Boston first in the nation in access to parks. Last year, the Mayor laid out hisBoston 2030plan, calling for the creation of 53,000 new housing units to accommodate the expected 91,000 new Bostonians by 2030.HelpingOur Most Vulnerable ResidentsThe Mayor recognizes the urgent need to relieve the pressures associated with cost of living and reiterated his commitment to ending homelessness in Boston, with a safe shelter, access to services and transitional housing.Asking the Massachusetts Legislature to support a senior set-aside in the state's Affordable Housing Trust Fund.In December, Boston was selected as one of 35 cities from around the world to be invited to join the 100 Resilient Cities Network, a project of the Rockefeller Foundation that supplies its member cities with tools, funding and other resources to build resilience to the challenges of the 21st century. The grant will be used to convene a citywide conversation aimed at healing divisions in the community."
In honor of Black History Month, the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture will feature an exhibition of visual arts from the African-American Master Artists in Residence Program at Northeastern University (http://www.lib.neu.edu/archives/africanamericanactivism/aamarp.htm) in The Scollay Square Gallery on the fifth floor at Boston City Hall.The exhibition will be on display from January 14 to February 28, 2015.The African-American Master Artists in Residence Program is a group of visual artists who come from many different backgrounds. Their work covers a wide variety of media, styles, and themes. All of the artists in the collective are storytellers who seek to relate some part of the same ever-evolving narrative of the African diaspora. The works convey and celebrate the cultural and historical richness of the African-American experience.We are excited to work with Northeastern Universitys African-American Master Artists in Residence Program to present more than 25 pieces at City Hall, says Julie Burros, the City of Bostons Chief of Arts and Culture. The work both helps us remember the diverse experiences of African-Americans and celebrate the creativity of these artists who convey their perspectives through the visual arts.The African-American Master Artists in Residence Program (AAMARP) is a center of excellence in multicultural visual and performing arts dedicated to creating an enriching cultural environment for a diverse community through exhibitions, concerts, performances, lectures, and workshops. Founded in 1977 by Dana Chandler, AAMARP provides studio space for artists whose work has made an invaluable contribution to Northeastern University and to the vitality of the African-American art scene in Boston.AAMARP continues to be a visual arts resource and ambassador of goodwill to the local, national, and international art community, and remains a prominent center for discussion of the African Diaspora cultural growth and development. AAMARP is an adjunct to the Department of African American Studies, College of Social Sciences and Humanities.The Galleries at Boston City Hall are open to the public at no charge. Boston City Hall is accessible by MBTA via State Street (Orange and Blue lines) and Park Street (Green and Red lines). For additional information, call 617-635-3245, or visithttp://www.cityofboston.gov/arts. 
In celebration of the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), Boston Parks and Recreation, the Boston Scholar Athletes (BSA) and the Boston Public Schools, will host the second annual MLK Invitational basketball showcase on Sunday, January 25, at the Tansey Gymnasium at Wentworth Institute of Technology. These games will bring together basketballs best from the Boston City League and surrounding area high schools for a day of exciting games while also including a community service component with Boston youth.The week of January 12th, the competing teams will partner with the BCYF Jackson-Mann in Allston, BCYF Shelburne in Roxbury, BCYF Roslindale, and BCYF Tobin Community Center in Mission Hill to work with young people on art educational projects related to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. On Monday, January 12 at 4 p.m., the John D. OBryant basketball team will be at the BCYF Shelburne Community Center, and Brighton High School will be at BCYF Jackson-Mann. On Wednesday, January 14, at 4 p.m., Fenway High School will be at the BCYF Tobin Community Center. On Friday, January 16, at 4 p.m. New Mission High School and Catholic Memorial will be at the BCYF Roslindale Community Center.On Sunday, January 25th, the basketball matchups at the Tansey Gymnasium at Wentworth Institute of Technology are:Girls games:10:00 a.m. Brockton vs. New Mission11:45 a.m. Newton North vs. OBryant School of Math and Sciences1:30 p.m.  Duxbury vs. FenwayBoys games:3:30 p.m.  Wachusett vs. East Boston5:15 p.m.Catholic Memorial vs. New Mission7:00 p.m. Belmont vs. BrightonThe tournament is organized by the BCYF and Parks Department Recreation staff. The Boston Scholar Athletes Program supports the community service project and supplies t-shirts, and referees. For more information on the games, please contact Billy Sittig, Recreation Program Manager, at william.sittig@boston.gov or at 617-635-5206 x104.
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that the City of Boston has extended its partnership withTicketZenfor one year, following a successful three month trial period. During that time over 5,000 individuals used the mobile-based parkingticketpayment app to pay more than 7,000 tickets  a total of nearly $250,000 in revenue. This project of the Boston Transportation Department (BTD), the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM), and Boston-basedTicketZen, Inc., is one of many steps being taken by the City to improve customer service delivery for Boston residents.The numbers show brisk demand for this service, said Mayor Walsh. Thanks to a common sense innovative solution, paying a parkingticketis a little bit easier to take care of. Im thrilled that the City is able to partner with the homegrown talent atTicketZento get this done.""BTD's Office of the Parking Clerk accepts parkingticketpayments by mail, by phone and by web. We are pleased to partner withTicketZen, Inc., to further improve customer service by providing yet another option for making the task of paying a parkingticketas convenient for Boston drivers as possible,"" said Boston Transportation Department Commissioner James E. Gillooly.""TicketZenhas seen strong citizen adoption throughout our pilot program with the City of Boston. Thousands of Boston citizens have usedTicketZento pay for their parking violations and over 50% of those people have usedTicketZenmore than once. As one of our pioneer partners, the City of Boston has demonstrated a commitment to mobile innovation, benefiting the city and its citizens. We look forward to continuing our partnership with Boston to make paying for parking tickets a stress-less experience,"" said Ryan Neu,TicketZenCo-Founder.TicketZen, a smart phone app available for both Android and Apple devices, utilizes the smart phone camera to scan the bar code on a parkingticketand connect the users payment details with the City of Bostons payment network. The app provides a smoother user experience than navigating to the Citys parkingticketpayment website from a mobile phone. In addition, by prompting users to make timely payments, it helps them to avoid late fees that are routinely added to the original fine after 21 days. During the 3-month pilot period, more than one quarter of tickets paid through the app were paid in three days or less.A reference toTicketZenis featured at the bottom of every computer-generated parkingticketissued by the Boston Transportation Department to guide those with parking tickets through this new option for making payments. TheTicketZenservice will be provided at no cost to Boston users beyond the standard credit card processing fee associated with the Citys payment portal.Since the Boston launch ofTicketZen, the product has been implemented in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Washington DC, Cambridge, Somerville, New York, State College, and Nottingham, United Kingdom.The City of Boston continues to innovate to make government processes more accessible through digital channels. Recent efforts include: HubHacks, a civic-minded Hackathon to reinvent the Citys online permitting experience the installation of digital kiosks at several agencies across the City to connect constituents within two business days to City of Boston business development specialists and the expansion of Wicked Free WiFi, providing free wireless internet across Bostons Main Street districts.Smart phone users with questions or comments about the app are encouraged to contact the Mayors Hotline at617-635-4500."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh hailed Boston's selection by the United States Olympic Committee as a once-in-a-lifetime urban planning and economic development opportunity and laid out a nine-month schedule of community meetings in neighborhoods across the city.Today marks the start of a long process to meet with residents and solicit feedback from our many diverse neighborhoods as we move forward in our quest to host the 2024 Summer Olympics, Mayor Martin J. Walsh said. I am excited to share our vision with the people of Boston and hear their thoughts on how we can work together to not only bring the Games to Boston, but create one of the most innovative, sustainable and successful Olympics the world has seen.The city will hold it's first public meeting on the Boston 2024 effort on January 27 at 6:30 p.m. at Suffolk Law School, 120 Tremont St. The meeting will be to discuss the benefits and impact on the City. The rest of the meetings are as follows:Meetings and additional steps in the community process will be announced on an ongoing basis.In addition, Boston 2024, the privately-funded nonprofit organizing committee, will host the first meeting of its citizens advisory group on Jan. 21 at 6 p.m. at the Boston Convention and Exhibition Center. Boston 2024 created the citizens advisory group through itswww.2024Boston.orgwebsite to provide information and solicit feedback from the public.Boston 2024 looks forward to a thoughtful, robust public conversation about the proposed venues and the many benefits that would come with the Games, said Boston 2024 executive vice-president Erin Murphy Rafferty. We have enjoyed enthusiastic and overwhelming public support from Massachusetts Olympians and Paralympians, business and community leaders, elected officials, the university community and the general public.The USOC decision to select Boston as the United States' bid city is the next step in the International Olympic Committee selection process. There will be a review process before the USOC officially submits Boston as the United States' bid city to the IOC. The IOC will select the 2024 Summer Games host city in 2017.
It is an exceptional honor for Boston to be chosen asthe U.S.representative in the running for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. This selection is in recognition of our city's talent, diversity and global leadership. Our goal is tohost anOlympicand Paralympic Gamesthatareinnovative, walkable and hospitable to all. Bostonhopes to welcome the world's greatest athletes toone ofthe world's great cities.
In efforts to better deliver City services to the people of Boston, Mayor Walsh has expanded the hours of the Registry Division, effective today. For the first time ever, Bostons Registry Division will be open on weekdays from 9:00AM to 4:00PM, including Wednesday.We want to deliver the best services possible to the people of Boston, said Mayor Walsh. These accommodations were designed to make government more convenient for Boston residents. This increased access to City Hall will make a positive difference in the lives of many people.The Registry Division manages Boston birth, marriage, and death vital records from 1630 to present, and grants couples Massachusetts Marriage Licenses after couples file their Marriage Intentions. Over 5,000 couples applied for Marriage Intentions in 2014the most since 1979many of them utilized the Registrys new self-service kiosk. To acquire a copy of vital records, request a certified copy in person or by mail. For more information, visit:http://www.cityofboston.gov/registry/.
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced a call for applications for the 2015 ONEin3 Council. The ONEin3 Council is an action-oriented group charged with brainstorming, creating, and carrying out projects that directly impact the lives of Bostons 20-34 year olds.Were proud to have the highest percent of young adults out of any major city in the country, said Mayor Walsh. The ONEin3 Council gives us an opportunity to challenge young adults to think big and become neighborhood leaders. This population is diverse, well-educated, and full of ideas that will help us grow the city in a sustainable and positive way. The Council will spend the year using its talent and innovation to identify ways in which Boston can grow as an inviting, connected, culturally rich and sustainable place for young adults. Projects may include work on housing policy, economic development, public art and neighborhood engagement. Throughout the ONEin3 Council Term, members also hear from key members of the Mayors staff as well as leaders from within City Hall.Last years ONEin3 Council was comprised of 31 Boston residents, including 16 women and 15 men, who live in 17 different neighborhoods across Boston and worked in 22 unique industries. Last year, the ONEin3 program received more than 300 applications for the Council, showing a robust interest for involvement and engagement.Applications for the Council can be foundhere. For more information on the ONEin3 Program, please visitwww.ONEin3Boston.com.ONEin3 is supported by staff and resources from the Boston Redevelopment Authority.
One year ago, Mayor Martin J. Walsh took the stage at Boston College to address the City for the first time as Mayor of Boston. He outlined his priorities for his first year with a promise to listen, learn, and lead. With this vision the Walsh administration - 18,000 employees strong - and the citizens of Boston got to work. Today, Mayor Walsh released a video highlighting some of the ways the administration has delivered on the Mayors priorities in the last year.I am so proud to be Mayor of Boston, a City that is thriving, healthy, and innovative, said Mayor Walsh. Ive listened and Ive learned from every interaction  from the most joyful moments to the deepest tragedies. Weve patched thousands of potholes, recruited nationally to fill top leadership positions, expanded diversity across our workforce, improved permitting, and extended the school day just to name a few of our successes. In year two we are not slowing down -- our focused work will continue.Watch the video
"On January 15, Mayor Walsh will release Greenovate Boston 2014 Climate Action Plan Update at Artists for Humanitys EpiCenter. The event will include a performance by the band, Guster. In honor of the bands Boston roots, and their commitment to the environment and public service, Mayor Walsh will declare January 15 Guster Day in Boston.Weve been working hand-in-hand with the community to create the Greenovate Boston Climate Action Plan, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. With this plan, Boston will lay out ambitious climate goals to make this city a healthier, more livable and sustainable city.The release of the 2014 Climate Action Plan will culminate a year-long intensive community engagement process that included a Steering Committee of 31 representatives from the neighborhoods, private sector, academia, and City officials. The City also received thousands of comments via its online engagement platform,Engage.GreenovateBoston.org, and at the first Greenovate Boston Community Summit in May, where over 500 people participated. The draft Plan was available for public comment for over three weeks in November and the City received over 50 written comments.At the event, the Mayor will also welcome incoming Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space, Austin Blackmon. Mr. Blackmon will be the Master of Ceremonies of the event. He takes office on January 19.Ive had the pleasure of reviewing preliminary drafts of the 2014 Climate Action Plan and it is a bold and impressive document, said Austin Blackmon. It will be an honor to work with all those who contributed to its creation and I look forward to getting started on implementation.The Mayor will also unveil new features of the Plan, including special online interactive tools. He will be joined by members of the Climate Action Plan Steering Committee for a brief speaking engagement, followed by Gusters performance. Guster has a longstanding commitment to the environment, and has been minimizing the environmental impact of their tours for more than a decade, including using alternative fuel for tour buses and trucks, and calculating and offsetting the bands carbon footprint from tour buses, trucks, and venue energy use. In 2004, guitarist, Adam Gardner and his wife, Lauren Sullivan, started REVERB--a non-profit organization dedicated to greening musicians tours and engaging fans to take action to protect the planet. Leading up to the event, Guster will be busking at various undisclosed locations around Boston.""We are so honored to have an official Guster Day in the city our band was born from! As a band that cares about the environment and makes great efforts to minimize our touring footprint, we are excited to learn more about Mayor Walshs Greenovate Boston Climate Action Plan for this city we care so deeply about.""The event will be free and open to the public, however space is limited and registration is required. Tickets available online athttp://bit.ly/CAPLaunch. Doors open at 5:30 and the program starts at 6:30. All guests are encouraged to take public transportation (Red Line to Broadway), as parking is limited. The event will be a zero-waste event, with compostables and recyclables collected by the Department of Public Works.About Guster: Since forming at Tufts University in 1992, Guster has become one of the leading indie/alternative bands, releasing seven critically acclaimed albums in 20 years, starting with Parachute in 1995. Evermotion (to be released on their own Ocho Mule label through Nettwerk Records) is the follow-up to 2010s Easy Wonderful, which earned the band its highest-ever chart debut on the Billboard 200 at #22, while reaching #2 on both the SoundScan Alternative and iTunes charts.About REVERB: REVERB is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization founded in 2004 by environmentalist Lauren Sullivan and her musician husband, Adam Gardner of Guster. REVERB creates and executes comprehensive, custom programs to green the tour itself while engaging concertgoers to take action for the environment. Adam and REVERB have helped transform the touring practices of over 150 major tours including Guster, Dave Matthews Band, Maroon 5, Jack Johnson, Sheryl Crow, Jason Mraz and others.About Artists for Humanities: Since 1991, Artists For Humanity has empowered and employed Boston teens in an intensive program of arts, creativity and enterprise. Teen artists work within the Artists For Humanity EpiCenter, Boston's first LEED Platinum building, a solar powered arts facility named in 2007 one of the 'Top 10 Green Buildings in the Nation' by the American Institute of Architects. Currently, Artists For Humanity is planning an on-site expansion to create an Energy Positive (E+) facility to include a public makers studio, new gallery & community space, and workspaces to employ additional Boston teens in intensive youth arts entrepreneurship."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that he has selected Laura Oggeri as the City of Bostons Chief Communications Officer. Oggeri joined the City as Deputy Chief of Operations in November.""I'm thrilled to announce that Laura Oggeri will be joining my cabinet as Chief Communications Officer,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""She brings with her exceptional communications and public relations experience, especially from her time as Director of Communications for the Senate President's office. She has done a fantastic job as our Deputy Chief of Operations and I look forward to working with her as we continue to develop our communications strategy.""As Chief Communications Officer, Oggeri will oversee press activity and serve as Mayor Walsh's advisor on the City's overall communications strategy. Her work will focus on proactive messaging for national, regional and local platforms, strengthening communications across departments and expanding the City's use of new media.Oggeri previously worked for Senate President Therese Murray as Director of Communications and Senior Policy Advisor where she led the communications strategy for the Senate's legislative priorities. As the head spokesperson for the Senate President's office, Oggeri coordinated with statewide and national press outlets on a regular basis. Oggeri also built the Senate President's local media plan, utilizing print and digital outlets, to ensure a consistent message to constituents and was responsible for managing the Senate President's social media presence.Prior, Oggeri worked for MSLGROUP where she played a key role in developing strategic messaging and media relations campaigns for public affairs and corporate clients. Oggeri was also a member of the crisis management and social media planning teams.Oggeri graduated from Boston University in 2010 with a degree in communication. Oggeri lives with her husband in South Boston.Additionally, Bonnie McGilpin will serve as Press Secretary for the City after joining as Deputy Press Secretary in December. McGilpin worked as Governor Deval Patricks Deputy Press Secretary and Speechwriter, and this past year served as the Press Secretary on Attorney General Martha Coakleys gubernatorial campaign. She is a graduate of Northeastern University.Oggeri and McGilpin join Melina Schuler, Senior Media Liason and Gabrielle Farrell, Press Assistant in Mayor Walshs press office."
"TheBoston Public Library Presidential Search Committeeis reminding the public of three additional public listening sessions scheduled for late January and February 2016.The sessions onJanuary 21,February 1, andFebruary 11, will be an opportunity for the community to share their thoughts on the qualities the next leader of the Boston Public Library (BPL) should have, in an open and conversational forum. The next in the series of public listening sessions will be held this Saturday, December 12 at 9 a.m., in the Commonwealth Salon at Central Library, Copley Square. ""The more input received from the community, the more assured the Search Committee will be in selecting a BPL President who best meets the needs of library patrons and staff,"" said John Palfrey, Chair of the BPL Presidential Search Committee. ""The public has provided great feedback already, but more voices are always welcome. For those unable to attend a public listening session, please deliver your ideas via email tosearchchair@bpl.org."" January and February listening sessions will be held on the following dates:The public is also encouraged totweet comments at the Boston Public Library Twitter handle via@bplbostonand at Presidential Search Committee Chair John Palfrey at @jpalfrey. In addition, comments may be submitted viaSearchChair@bpl.org. The Boston Public Library Presidential Search Committee is charged with locating, recruiting, interviewing, and evaluating top candidates from around the country for the position of BPL President in conjunction with executive search firm, Spencer Stuart."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the City of Boston has filed a civil complaint against the Massachusetts Gaming Commission in connection with the Commissions award of a Category 1 gaming license to Wynn for the development of a resort-casino in Everett and Boston.The City has been working diligently with Wynn to negotiate a fair agreement that benefits the people of Boston, however has been unable to reach an agreement that accurately represents the impact to the City.We have spent an enormous amount of time and sustained effort on the casino issue over the past year since this is something that impacts every single one of our residents, Mayor Walsh said. We have understood from day one the complexity of this issue as it relates to the City and it has always been our belief that Boston is a host community. Our priority is to protect the people of Boston and ensure the safety of our neighborhoods. It is clear to us that this is the best way to move forward for Charlestown, the City of Boston and the entire Commonwealth.The only legal access point to the planned casino is through Horizon Way, directly through the City or, more specifically, the neighborhood of Charlestown. With Boston providing the sole access to the casino site, the vast majority of patrons will be required to travel through Rutherford Avenue and Sullivan Square in Charlestown, an area that already faces severe traffic congestion, posing significant environmental and public safety harms.To view the complaint, please visit:http://www.cityofboston.gov/news/uploads/25922_40_5_38.pdf.
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that Boston Brewin Coffee Company, a local small business, will begin selling coffee, tea, and small treats on the third floor mezzanine of City Hall. During a 4-month trial period the coffee cart will activate and enliven this important civic space, welcoming the public and employees to stop by. This effort is the most recent from the Walsh Administration to look for ways to make public spaces inside and outside of City Hall more inviting, engaging, and personable.City Hall is the front door to local government, and I want everyone who visits to have a great experience, said Mayor Walsh. This is a small step we can take, which has a big impact, to activate the peoples public space and enhance constituent interactions with the City.""By sharing our business model, we provide the opportunity for people to be real Bostonians and support their own community through coffee, said Tom Barns, Founder of Boston Brewin Coffee Company.The Boston Brewin Coffee Companys location in City Hall will be its third in Boston. The stand will offer coffee, lattes, mochas, espressos, and teas from Deans Beans. It will also sell locally sourced pastries from the Haley House, Lyndell's Bakery, and C and C Bakers of East Boston. The coffee cart, made of discarded school desks, will be open Monday through Friday from 8:30 a.m.  4:00 p.m.This project is a collaboration between the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics, Property and Construction Management, Inspectional Services Department, the Mayors Office of Economic Development, and the Office of Small & Local Business Enterprise.In the past year several projects have improved the experience inside of City Hall, including a greeters program, a model of the City, the #WickedCoolTree activated by Twitter, and the Stairs of Fabulousness art installation, a result of the Mayors Public Space Invitation. Outside of City Hall several projects of the Mayors First Public Space Invitational have been launched, in addition to the Fenways 30 Seconds of Cinema and PitchBoston, digital video art projects.Boston Brewin Coffee Company uses a four-part business model called Pay it 4ward. Using this strategy the company gives 100% of profits back to the immediate community or a local nonprofit organization, uses only 100% organic fair/direct trade, shade grown coffee, pays living wages to all employees, and is a triple bottom line company focused on people, product, and the planet."
"Today the City of Boston and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts mourn together a great American in U.S. Senator Edward W. Brooke.He dedicated his life to this nation, and we all share a deep pride in his distinguished, historic career in public service as a soldier, Attorney General, and one of the most highly respected, path-breaking members of the Senate.Many of his beginnings were in Boston. Graduating from Boston University Law School, serving on the Boston Finance Commission, and starting his legal practice in the neighborhood of Roxburyhe was one of our own. His progressive ideals aligned with what Boston and Massachusetts hope for in a leader: empowering those who did not have a voice.A fighter for equal opportunity and a bridge builder between opposing parties, Senator Brooke embraced optimism and change, constantly seeking ways to lift people up and bring people together.We will forever be grateful for his venerable leadership. Our prayers are with his family and friends, and all who loved him."""
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the appointment of Regina Robinson to the Boston School Committee, the governing body of the Boston Public Schools. Robinson is currently the Dean of Student Affairs at Cambridge College. The 7-member Boston School Committee is responsible for defining the vision, mission and goals of the Boston Public Schools establishing and monitoring the annual operating budget hiring, managing and evaluating the Superintendent and setting and reviewing district policies and practices to support student achievement.""I'm very pleased to have Regina Robinson join our strong team at the Boston School Committee,"" said Mayor Walsh. """"She has a unique and broad perspective on education issues rooted in her experience as a parent, educator and higher education administrator.""""Regina Robinson, as a board member of SPED-PAC and a parent of a student in Boston Public Schools, has already brought a thoughtful and valued perspective to her work on both the Superintendent Search Committee as well as the School Committee's Inclusion Task Force, said Michael O'Neill, Chair of the Boston School Committee. I have no doubt she will do the same as a School Committee member as we work to improve the educational opportunities for all 57,000 students in our care.""I'm honored to be appointed by Mayor Walsh and join the dedicated team on the Boston School Committee, and I am committed to increasing pathways to success, from pre-K to college and career for all students, including those with special needs,"" said Robinson. ""We have a lot of purposeful work ahead of us, and I want to bring my experience to the table to see Mayor Walsh's vision for the Boston Public Schools come to fruition.""In her current role, Robinson is charged with providing comprehensive support services to help students successfully complete their degree. She was one of four strategic leaders representing Cambridge College in the national American Council on Educations Change and Innovation Lab (CIL), to increase postsecondary access and attainment. The CIL is leading select institutions through a collaborative planning process to create tangible campus-based plans for changes in leadership practices, faculty engagement, and use of technology and data. Prior to her service at Cambridge College, Robinson also served as Associate Dean of Women within the Office of Student Affairs for Liberty University.Robinson will bring a broad range of expertise to her role on the Boston School Committee, with a strong background in promoting student effectiveness and support, and identifying strategies to impact student success. Since 2010, Robinson has served as a team member at the Franklin D. Roosevelt K-8 School Inclusion Program in Hyde Park, where she provided a critical parent perspective to help to expand inclusive practices and develop adequate and equitable resources for students on the special education spectrum. Robinson has provided collaborative leadership as a parent, educator, and advocate, to a number of stakeholder organizations such as Boston Metro Early Intervention, Boston University Operation House Call, Thrive in Five, and the Massachusetts Early Intervention Consortium.This past February, Robinson was appointed by Mayor Walsh to serve on the BPS Superintendent Search Committee. She also serves on the Parent Advisory Council for Brigham and Womens NICU, and as an executive Board member for the Special Education Parent Advisory Council (SPEDPAC) and Boston School Committees Inclusion Task Force team to increase the practices of inclusion and to provide a voice for BPS parents.Robinson currently resides in Hyde Park with her husband and four children. She is a graduate of Liberty University, where she earned a B.A. in Speech Communications and M.A. in Counseling.Robinson will fill the spot on the Boston School Committee left vacant by the departure of Rev. Dr. Gregory G. Groover, who served two full terms as a member, including four years as Chair. Robinson is being appointed to a full four-year term, and her appointment is effective upon being sworn in by the Mayor. Other committee members include: Michael O'Neill, Chair Meg Campbell Dr. Hardin Coleman D.Min. Michael Loconto and Jeri Robinson.Mayor Walsh also announced today the reappointment of Jeri Robinson to the Boston School Committee. In November, the Mayor appointed Robinson following Margaret McKenna's resignation. Jeri Robinson was formerly the Vice President of Early Learning Initiatives at the Boston Childrens Museum, and brings decades of early education program development to the group.The seven members of the School Committee are Boston residents appointed by the Mayor of Boston to serve four-year staggered terms. Mayor Walsh made this appointment based on a list of candidates recommended by a 13-member Citizens Nominating Panel composed of parents, teachers, principals, and representatives of business and higher education. Under the legislation that established the appointed School Committee, ""the Mayor shall strive to appoint individuals who reflect the racial, ethnic, and socioeconomic diversity of the city."""
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that, with Boston Public Schools (BPS) and the Boston Teachers Union (BTU), he has negotiated a proposal to permanently add 40 minutes of learning time to the school day in BPS. The additional 40 minutes will impact nearly 23,000 elementary and middle school students and is equivalent to adding one month of instruction for elementary students. In addition, the proposal nearly doubles the amount of teacher planning and development time that educators receive.""We know that when our students have more time to learn, they have a better chance of succeeding,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank the Boston Teachers Union and the Boston Public Schools for their partnership in helping us reach this milestone that will strengthen our education system and help us close the achievement gap so we can give all of our young people the opportunity to succeed.""Currently, students in traditional BPS elementary schools are in class for six hours a day. Middle school students are in class for six hours and ten minutes. Under the proposal, the 60 BPS elementary, middle and K-8 schools that do not currently have an extended day would lengthen their school days by 40 minutes five days a week, and teachers would receive additional time within the schedule for planning and professional development. BPS plans to roll this out over three years, beginning with approximately 20 schools in the 2015-2016 school year. The proposal will now go before the full membership of the Boston Teachers Union for consideration.""The School Committee has developed a strategic vision for the District that includes ensuring every student has a high-quality teacher and school leader, every day,"" said Michael O'Neill, Chair of the Boston School Committee. ""Lengthening the school day allows our students and teachers to spend more time together for high-quality instruction. When connected to our early hiring, teacher diversity and human capital initiatives, which include effective evaluations tied to professional development, a longer school day will become a key strategy to eliminate achievement and opportunity gaps for students throughout the District.""""With this agreement we are transforming the definition of the school day in the Boston Public Schools,"" said BPS Interim Superintendent John McDonough. ""We are building on the value of collaborative planning for teachers and educators in an affordable and sustainable way. We continue to create conditions for success for all schools.""""The school day extension will help our students by offering well-planned, school-based instruction that promotes teaching and learning while allowing for increased participation in a variety of under-served subject areas, such as art, music, drama and foreign language, said Richard Stutman, President of the Boston Teachers Union. We are pleased to have been part of a truly collaborative effort that brought this about.""If the proposal is approved by the membership of the Boston Teachers Union it would go before the Boston School Committee for a vote. Under the plan, teachers in the 60 schools that do not currently have a longer day would earn an annual stipend rate of $4,464 for the expanded schedule, which is approximately 20 percent lower than the average contractual hourly rate. High schools, which currently offer a six hour and thirty minute day, are not included in this proposal. Adding the equivalent of one month of instruction in 60 schools that do not currently have an extended day would cost approximately $12.5 million per year once fully rolled out to all 60 schools.If approved, BPS would work with parents, teachers, students, partners and the community to build on lessons learned from schools that already have longer days  including Turnaround, Innovation, Pilot and In-District Charter schools. The District would work collaboratively to help schools create individual plans that support students and raise teacher quality."
One of Bostons oldest traditions continues on Thursday, January 1st, as an estimated 600 swimmers plunge into Boston Harbor for the annual L Street Brownies New Years Day Swim.Hosted by the BCYF Curley Community Center, 1663 Columbia Road in South Boston, the swim takes place at the K Street entrance of the center. Due to the tide schedule, the swim starts at 9:30 a.m. this year. Doors open at 8:00 a.m. and close at 11:00 a.m. Please come dressed to swim as the mens and womens locker and shower rooms will not be available until after the swim.This event has taken place for over 100 years. The Brownies are the oldest polar bear swimming club in America. The New Years Day swim is seen by millions on television locally and worldwide. The Brownies promote health, fun and friendship. Each year the swim is dedicated to past and recently deceased Brownies.Both swimmers and spectators are welcome and creative costumes are encouraged. For more information, please contact Fred Ahern, Director of the BCYF Curley Community Center or Jack Dever, President of the L Street Brownies at 617-635-5104.
"First prize went toVin Gately, the owner ofWest RoxburysMangia Neapolitan Pizzeria& Yogoteria, with second place honors awarded to Tom Devlin, owner of BrightonsDevlins Restaurant, and third place was awarded to Terry Fitzgerald, co-owner of RoslindalesCentre Cuts Salon & Spa. Deck the Windows is the Citys annualstorefront decorating competition among Bostons20 Boston Main Streets districts. This year, more than 300 small businesses competed.I congratulate the winners and all the businesses that participated in this years Deck the Windows contest and brightened their windows and neighborhoods to support our local businesses,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""This year, we're reminding all Boston residents to shop locally. Our Main Street Districts offer some of the most unique gifts and dining options in the City of Boston.""The three-week-long Deck the Windows contest began on November 29th, and garnered the attention of more than 3,000 voters during the public voting period.Storefronts from East Boston to Hyde Park were enlivened by glistening lights, bight stars, glittering snowflakes, hanging ornaments, lit Christmas trees, menorahs, and various other decorations, bringing holiday cheer to the Boston Main Street Districts across the city.The contest is part of Mayor Walshs Holiday Challenge, acampaign encouragingresidents to support Main Streets and other local commercial districts during the 2014 holiday season.Participants in theMayors Five on Main Challengepledged to support local business five times during the holiday season, either by purchasing gifts, dining, or participating in local holiday events in Main Streets districts.The evening celebration took place at West Roxburys Mangia Neapolitan Pizzeria& Yogoteria, anew pizza shopthat serves a wide range Neapolitan thin wheat crust pizzas with natural and locally grown ingredients and toppings.The winning window featured a Christmas tree made out of pizza boxes, a large snowman, wrapped gifts and festive holiday lights that captured the attention of shoppers and online voters.I want to thank General Manager Chris Silvia and his staff for creating such a beautiful holiday window display, said owner Vin Gately. To win such a prestigious competition over more than 300 businesses entries throughout the City is very humbling considering our store just opened 6 months ago."
Following through on his commitment in the Chamber of Commerce speech, Mayor Martin J. Walsh has unveiled a new online permit tracking tool, and has launched online applications for a number of Boston Fire Department permits and licenses. These are the latest in a series of steps that Mayor Walsh has taken to streamline the permitting process.Since weve concentrated our efforts in this area, the City has gotten through a huge backlog of complaints and significantly increased the number of permits weve reviewed and processed, said Mayor Walsh. This is about making the process more clear and easy, and letting applicants and the public see where we stand on our performance goals around permit review. Weve brought a lot online, and well have another large round of permits later this Spring available online as well.Permit Finder is a new online tool which will allow residents, contractors and the general public to check the status of permits though the approval process. The application provides information on future steps in the approval process, City staff responsible for portions of the process, and timelines for each step in the process through a simple search interface. Users can track both Inspection Services Department (ISD) and Fire Department permits. The tool will also display all open reviews at any point in the review process. The tool was built off a prototype developed at the City's HubHacks civic hackathon in August. Over the past four months, the City has worked to complete its development. The permit tracker can be found online:http://permits.boston.gov.In addition, the City has made some of the most common Fire Department permits and licenses available online. Applicants will now be able to apply for five permit applications, such as those for fire alarm installation, as well as two licenses from home, saving time spent traveling to Fire Prevention Headquarters at 1010 Massachusetts Avenue. With the addition of these Fire permits, the City now has 19 permits available online total. The Fire Department permits can be found online:www.cityofboston.gov/permits.Were excited to make these permits available to our customers, said Fire Commissioner Joseph Finn. This is an important step towards modernizing our Department and making our services more accessible.The City of Boston issues 60 different types of permits, totaling approximately 86,000 permits annually. The announcement to overhaul the licensing and permitting system is one in a series of efforts that the Walsh Administration has made to streamline and improve licensing and permitting operations across City government. In recent months, Mayor Walsh:Following Mayor Walshs efforts:
Boston Public Library's Local & Family History Lecture Series begins in January, sharing information about the history of Boston and its diverse neighborhoods, as well as tips and guides for those beginning their own genealogical research. Lectures in 2015 will take place in the Abbey Room, located on the second floor of the McKim building at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.The series includes the following lectures, all of which are listed with additional detail atwww.bpl.org/localhistory:About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
Delivering on a commitment of the Walsh Administrations housing plan, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that he has signed an ordinance, offered in the City Council by Councilor Josh Zakim, which doubles the amount of compensation offered to tenants when their units become converted into condominiums.In order to ensure that every Bostonian is able to find safe, affordable housing, we in City government must do everything in our power to support tenants when they are at risk, Mayor Walsh said. Im proud we were able to work with Councilor Zakim and his colleagues in the City Council to ensure that tenants whose units become condominiums are compensated with enough funding to help them find new housing.The ordinance updates tenant protections significantly, doubling the amount of relocation compensation offered to tenants when they are displaced by a condo conversion. Displaced tenants must now be provided a relocation stipend of $6,000 or $10,000 if they are low income, elderly or disabled. The amount of these relocation benefits had not been adjusted in 10 years. With current high median rents in Boston, the funds will enable displaced tenants to better secure comparable rental housing and afford move in costs -- for example, first months rent, last months rent, and security deposit. These increased stipends will provide additional protection for low- to moderate-income renters, the elderly and tenants with disabilities.The increasing cost of real estate and the lack of affordable housing is a serious issue for many residents across the City of Boston, Councilor Zakim said. This ordinance is a critical step in protecting long term tenants, especially those most vulnerable. I am thankful to my colleagues on the City Council and to Mayor Walsh for their support in ensuring that no Bostonians are unexpectedly left without housing and adequate resources.  In addition to doubling the amount of relocation compensation, the Ordinance also provides other tenant protections, including:Tenants who believe they are at risk of displacement through a condominium conversion should contact the Boston Rental Housing Center, at617-635-4200, or emailrentalhousing@boston.gov.  
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the City of Boston has selected The Venture Caf Foundation to operate the Roxbury Innovation Center in the new Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building in Dudley Square. The approximately 3,000-square-foot Center will be located in the new headquarters of the Boston Public Schools (BPS), and aims to encourage collaboration, bold thinking, and new business development. In addition, Mayor Walsh announced that SkyLab has been selected to provide community-connected programming services in the Bolling Buildings common areas, and to collaborate with the City, Boston Public Schools, and Venture Caf Foundation to help fulfill the vision of the Roxbury Innovation Center. Through partnership with the Patrick Administration, the Massachusetts Technology Collaborative has committed to provide awardees grant funding totaling up to $150,000 to support the operation of the Center and programming in the building.The Bruce C. Bolling Municipal will be a gathering place for Dudley Squares growing innovation economy, said Mayor Walsh. Not only will it launch new businesses from the Roxbury Innovation Center to boost the local Roxbury economy, but it will strengthen the connections of the surrounding neighborhood to innovation and the opportunities it creates.I am excited that the City of Boston has chosen these great organizations to provide unique and innovative services at the Roxbury Innovation Center, said Governor Deval Patrick. This new investment will continue to revitalize the Dudley Square neighborhood and provide opportunities for generations to come.Were looking forward to working with the community to create a space for experimentation and conversation that highlights all of the innovation and entrepreneurship happening locally, and connects to resources that make ideas and businesses grow faster, said Kevin Wiant, Executive Director of the Venture Caf.Our vision is about connecting people, so that every person with an idea can build it, grow it, become a successful entrepreneur, said Nicole Fichera. We are excited to collaborate with the Skylab team, the Boston Public Schools, and many others to achieve this vision. Fichera manages District Hall for the Venture Caf, and is a co-principal with Wiant on the Roxbury project.We are excited to be given this opportunity to program the innovation space in the Bruce Boiling Municipal building, said Bridgette Wallace, Co-Principal of the SkyLab. At the SkyLab, community will interlock with co-visioning, education will be intertwined with fun, innovation with arts, culture with technology, experience with commitment, and history with the present. The SkyLab will be a gateway for community residents, in partnership with advisors and mentors, to explore what it means to become an entrepreneur. They will be able to discover what steps are needed to bring that to fruition, taking a deep dive into what the risks and costs associated with starting a venture are  all to question how we might link urban innovators to the larger innovation community.The Venture Caf Foundation connects the innovation community by operating spaces (including District Hall in Bostons Innovation District and the Venture Caf event in Cambridges Kendall Square), programs and conversations. The organization has extensive experience managing these types of facilities and engaging the greater Boston innovation community with programs. Their proposal envisioned operating the Roxbury Innovation Center with a platform approach, making the space a flexible and supportive space for many different groups across every industry.SkyLab is represented by Roxbury community members and members of local tech and entrepreneurial networks. The company envisions using the Bolling Buildings common spaces as locations to provide educational sessions in addition to hackathons, pitch contests, technology competitions, and events with BPS administrators, teachers, and parents. The companys principals have been committed to connecting the local community to the Bolling Building since before construction on the facility began.Mayor Walsh announced plans for the Roxbury Innovation Center during his Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce speech in April 2014. In July 2014, a Request for Interest, Ideas and Innovation (RFI) to gauge interest in the innovation community for programming the location was released and 16 Statements of Interest were received in response. information gathered from the RFI informed a Request for Proposals (RFP) that was released in November 2014 to seek out an operator for the Roxbury Innovation Center and a programmer for the buildings public space.The RFP submissions were reviewed by a Selection Committee comprised of: Melissa Dodd, Chief of Staff, Boston Public Schools James Jennings, Professor of Urban and Environmental Policy and Planning, Tufts University Ted Landsmark, Boston Redevelopment Authority, Board of Directors Eric Nakajima, Assistant Secretary for Innovation Policy, Massachusetts Executive Office of Housing and Economic Development and Keith Williams, Director, City of Boston, Small and Local Business Enterprise Department. Four proposals were submitted in response to the operator RFP, and four proposals were submitted in response to the programming RFP.The Roxbury Innovation Center will be located on the second floor of the Bolling Building, which is slated to open in the first quarter of 2015. The initial lease will be for five years, with an option to renew for an additional five years.
On Thanksgiving, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the formation of the Mayor's Task Force on Individual Homelessness, a group charged with examining Bostons current shelter system and available support services, and outlining a strategy that will put homeless individuals on a path to permanent housing. Today, Mayor Walsh shared the details of this task force, as well as a list of participating members.Homelessness is a complex issue, rooted in many causes, from addiction to mental illness to unemployment, and compounded by the competitive housing market in our city, Mayor Walsh said. The closure of the Long Island Bridge is an opportunity for us to take a hard look at what were doing here about the broader issue. When an individual walks into the front door of one of Bostons homeless shelters, we need to do a better job finding them the services and resources they need to find a place to call home. To help us do that, today I am charging this group of diverse professionals and individuals to recommend bold, innovative solutions to help us end street, veterans, and chronic homelessness in the city of Boston.The Task Force will include providers, the business community, foundations and philanthropic organizations, experts in innovation and analytics, subject matter experts from City staff, and clients of the citys homeless services. The group will be tasked with analyzing the Citys resources and delivery systems, and providing concrete ideas for structural and systems improvements. Within the first 90 days, the Task Force will make recommendations and propose an accompanying budget and action plan to accomplish eight targeted goals:The City of Boston is taking the closure of Long Island as an opportunity to evaluate operations and identify ways to better serve some of Bostons most vulnerable residents. In partnership with private shelter providers throughout the city, the City has established a temporary system to maintain access to emergency shelter, training, counseling, and support services to those individuals formerly receiving services on Long Island.In addition, Boston is currently executing Bringing Boston Home, an action plan to house Bostons homeless. Since the plans implementation, 121 individuals who had been previously living in shelter for one year or longer have been permanently housed. In addition, 42 vulnerable individuals who had been chronically homeless have been permanently housed, and 411 formerly homeless veterans have been permanently housed.The task force will be co-chaired by Sheila Dillon, Chief of Housing, and Felix Arroyo, Chief of Health & Human Services. Other city representatives will include individuals from the Mayors cabinet, the Boston Public Health Commission, Boston Police Department, Boston Housing Authority, and the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics. Members of the Task Force on Individual Homelessness include:
Fulfilling a pledge to make more funding available for affordable housing, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City is making $20 million of funding available through a competitive process to to spur the creation of affordable housing. Requests for Proposals (RFPs) were made available today by the Citys Department of Neighborhood Development (DND), outlining criteria for potential developments and the process by which developments will be selected to receive funding.This is the first round of funding being made available that will help us fulfill the goals outlined in our new housing policy, Mayor Walsh said. We are going to use these funds in a strategic, responsible way, supporting the development of housing thats affordable, attractive, and efficient. This is a major first step toward ensuring that everyone who wants to make Boston better can access housing they can afford.The two separate RFPs are valued at $10 million each, and outline a set of priorities for developments that align with the strategic goals of Boston2030, the Walsh Administrations housing plan. These priorities include:Projects that can be built efficiently, with reduced costsProjects that can move quickly into constructionHousing developments targeting a mix of incomes from units for homeless households to units restricted to incomes representative of Boston's workforceThe creation of housing to serve the disabled community, vulnerable or special needs populations, elders, veterans, artists, and aging-out youthThe acquisition of unrestricted housing developments in order to stabilize the tenancies and provide long term affordability for a mix of incomes large projects with more than 50 units of housing of which at least 51% will be deed-restricted affordable units andProjects creating new affordable units in high-cost neighborhoods where most IDP funds are generated.For the first time, DND will oversee the awarding of funds drawn from the Inclusionary Development Fund (IDF), which previously had been under the purview of the Boston Redevelopment Authority. Monies in the IDF enter the Fund when developers of residential properties of more than ten units choose to fulfill their affordable housing obligation to the city by cashing out, rather than building affordable units on-site. Todays RFPs mark the first time that all City funds for affordable housing are entirely centralized in one agency.In addition to the funds from the IDF, the City is also making available $5 million dollars of HOME, CDBG, and City operating funds, along with $10 million from the Neighborhood Housing Trust. HOME and CDBG are Federal grants received by the City that can be used for affordable housing the NHT is the administrator of funds that are created through the Citys Linkage policy. Linkage is the City directive through which developers of commercial properties make contributions to the City for affordable housing, based on a formula calculated per square foot of commercial space constructed.
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that Danielle Legros Georges, a lifelong writer and current faculty member at Lesley University, will be Bostons next Poet Laureate. Legros Georges was selected by a diverse and distinguished search committee from a wide range of talented applicants. The Citys Poet Laureate is tasked with raising the status of poetry in the everyday consciousness of Bostonians, acting as an advocate for poetry, language and the arts, and creating a unique artistic legacy through public readings and civic events.Poetry is an art form to be celebrated. It helps us tell our stories and express ourselves, said Mayor Walsh. I look forward to the work Danielle will do to share her passion and talent for poetry throughout the Boston community.Bostons Poet Laureate position is a great statement by the city, said Legros Georges. This is a wonderful opportunity to bring poetry to Boston neighborhoods, schools and other settingsand to all Bostonians, from our young people in Boston Public Schools to our eldest residents in the senior community.Legros Georges is a professor in the Creative Arts and Learning Division at Lesley University. Her areas of academic focus and expertise include arts and education, contemporary American poetry, African-American poetry, Caribbean literature and studies, and literary translation. Her work with Lesley education students is largely focused on the arts in support of enhanced teaching practices.Legros Georges describes her poetry as tackling a wide range of themes and asking philosophical questions that can lead to conversations about larger issues in life. Legros Georges work has been published in a wide variety of publications, including:Agni, The Boston Globe, Transition, World Literature Today, SpoKe, sx salon, The Caribbean Writer, Callaloo, Ibbetson Street, Salamander, Poeisis, Black Renaissance Noire, Macomre, The American Poetry Reviewand others. In 2001, Legros Georges published a collection of poems, entitledMaroon.Legros Georges has been widely recognized a variety of recognition for her work with and recent literary awards such as: the 2014 Massachusetts Cultural Council Artist Fellowship in Poetry the 2012 Massachusetts Cultural Council Finalist in Poetry Lesley University Faculty Development Grants and a 2013 Black Metropolis Research Consortium Fellowship/Andrew W. Mellon Grant.Legros Georges was born in Haiti and grew up in Bostons Haitian community in Mattapan. She received a B.S. in Communication Studies from Emerson College, and holds an M.F.A. in English and Creative Writing from New York University.The Poet Laureate is a ceremonial appointment, and the chosen poet will be a significant fixture in Boston's cultural and artistic arena. The Poet Laureate may learn, teach, and embody the great literary traditions of Boston, from Amy Lowell to Robert Pinsky. Legros Georges will replace Sam Cornish, Bostons current Poet Laureate. Cornish has served in the position since the program was established in 2008, generating new opportunities for education, awareness, and the promotion of literacy through the beauty and excellence of poetry.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Cambridge Mayor David P. Maher joined representatives of the Race to Solar program to cut the ribbon of the North Bennet Street Schools new 50 kW solar array. Race to Solar is a partnership with Renew Boston, the City of Cambridge, NSTAR, National Grid, and HEET (Home Energy Efficiency Team) to promote energy efficiency upgrades and make solar power more affordable and accessible for nonprofits, including houses of worship and schools, and small businesses that own their buildings. The solar array at the North Bennet Street School was the first solar energy system installed under the Race to Solar program.As a Race to Solar pioneer, North Bennet Street School is helping the City of Boston meet its climate goal of installing 25 megawatts of solar power by 2020, said Mayor Walsh. This innovative program makes it even easier for local nonprofits to go solar, helping our community save money and create jobs.This partnership between Cambridge and Boston means that our local nonprofit community can reduce their operating costs while increasing their investment in renewable energy and reducing carbon emissions, said Cambridge Mayor Maher. This is a unique opportunity for our cities and few initiatives find such effective ways to realize our sustainability goals and allow nonprofits to direct more resources to serve those in need.Launched earlier this year, Race to Solar provides competitively-priced solar lease agreements to nonprofits by aggregating demand. To qualify, nonprofits are encouraged to sign up for a no-cost energy assessment through NStar and National Grids Direct Install program, and refer five or more small businesses to do the same. In this manner, Race to Solar helps not only nonprofits, but also local businesses. Small businesses and energy efficiency are both strong drivers of local jobs, making the community more economically and environmentally sustainable.The North Bennet Street School is the first nonprofit to complete the program and has installed a 50 kW solar energy system on two of their school buildings. The 50 kW system will generate over 20 percent of their electricity over the course a year. The project will pay for itself in nice years with a 30-year energy cost savings of $270,000.We have proudly made the positive choice of clean renewable energy and in the process we will save North Bennet Street School money that can be better used for our mission-based work, said Miguel Gmez-Ibez, President of the North Bennet Street School.Over 20 local nonprofits have participated in Race to Solar in order to take advantage of the special installation rates, which are made available through the selected installer, SunBug Solar through either a Direct Purchase, such as in the case of North Bennet Street School, or a Power Purchase Agreement (PPA), which allows the solar energy system to be installed with no upfront costs. With the PPA, the facility owner, instead of owning the solar array, agrees to purchase electricity from the solar array at a rate typically less than the going utility electricity rate.The Race to Solar program has been extended to March 31, 2015. The first 40 nonprofit organizations in Boston and Cambridge to participate in Race to Solar can access special incentives on solar energy systems. These nonprofits will also be able to participate in the Direct Install efficiency program to make their buildings more efficient. Finally, nonprofits will also get access to WegoWise, an online benchmarking system. Race to Solar aims to add approximately 1 megawatt of clean, renewable electric power capacity to Boston and Cambridge.What better way for an organization to demonstrate its commitment to a clean environment, than to take their energy into their own hands, plus greening their bottom line as well, said Lilah Morrissey, Special Projects Director of the Race to Solar Program at HEET.For more information about the Race to Solar program, call 1-617-HEET-350 or visitwww.racetosolar.org.About the North Bennet Street School:Founded in 1881 and located in Bostons North End, North Bennet Street School offers intensive, hands-on training in traditional trades and fine craftsmanship, helping students achieve meaningful lives and livelihoods. For more information, visitwww.nbss.edu.About HEET:An award-winning community-based nonprofit, HEET helps organizations and individuals to create more sustainable communities through energy efficiency and renewable energy. Since 2008, HEET has helped to organize over 220 energy-upgrade work-parties, 51 solar panel installations and to train over 3,400 volunteers in hands-on energy efficiency skills.
"December is the month for some great Boston youth hockey action as the 2014 Mayors Cup Hockey Tournament kicks off this Saturday, December 20th.With support from Presenting Sponsor the Boston Bruins Foundation and additional support from Comcast, teams throughout Boston participate in this citywide tournament to vie for the championship title in 9 divisions for boys and girls ages 6-14 (Mites, Squirts, and Pee Wees.) The tournament is organized by Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF,) the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency.Everyone in the neighborhood should come out and support these young players and enjoy some great hockey, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""I extend my gratitude to the Boston Bruins Foundation and Comcast? for helping us to bring together over 1,000 young people for an exciting one-of-a-kind tournament.""Games begin on Saturday, December 20that 7 a.m. and are played all week long at local rinks throughout Boston. Rinks hosting the tournament include the Murphy Rink in South Boston, the Devine Rink in Dorchester, the Bajko Rink in Hyde Park, the Bright Hockey Arena at Harvard University and the Rink at Matthews Arena at Northeastern University.The Championship Games will be held at the John ""Snooks"" Kelley Rink at Conte Forum at Boston College on Sunday, January 4th.Support for the Mayors Cup Ice Hockey Tournament is also provided by The Department of Recreation and Conservation, FMC Ice Sports, Northeastern University, Harvard University, and Boston College. A complete schedule is attached and will be available online soon atwww.cityofboston.gov/bcyf."
The Boston Parks and Recreation Department will be holding public meetings to discuss improvements to the playground at Roslindales Fallon Field planned to commence in 2015.In an effort to plan ahead and manage our open space development in Roslindale, we're holding a series of meetings to open the conversation up to the public, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. This community has been very active in advocating for open space resources in their neighborhood, and wed like to hear more as we outline options for improving the playground at Fallon Field.The first meeting will be held at 6:30 p.m. on Wednesday, January 7, at the Roslindale Community Center at 6 Cummins Highway. Due to the lack of water spray recreation opportunities in Roslindale, creating one at Fallon Field is a priority for this project, along with updating the playground to transform it into a state-of-the-art play space.Under the directive of Mayor Walsh, renovation of the playground is now on an accelerated design and bidding schedule with bid documents scheduled to be prepared as soon as early summer 2015 and construction beginning in the fall. Construction would likely conclude in spring 2016. Renovation of the two basketball courts and street hockey court at Fallon Field will begin in spring 2015 independently of the design and construction of the playground. Those facilities are slated to be opened in late spring 2015.Additional improvements to Roslindales parks are currently underway at Healy Playground with the three ball fields currently under construction. The fields - one softball, one baseball, and one Little League - are undergoing renovations to improve drainage and overall turf quality and update the athletic site furnishings. They are scheduled to be open in the spring. In addition to the fields, the stairway on Washington Street is also being renovated.Following the renovations at Fallon Field, the Parks Department will focus on further improvements to Healy Playground through upcoming funding cycles under the Citys Capital Budget. The Parks Department will also be working in collaboration with other City departments and agencies to identify potential new spaces to add play and environmental value in Roslindale.The most recent parks improvements in Roslindale were at Adams Park celebrated with a ribbon cutting celebration hosted by Mayor Walsh on October 18. The $253,500 renovation project included the installation of a new performance space, walkways, a new electrical system, site furnishings, irrigation, and landscaping. The designer for the project was Roslindale resident Kyle Zick of Kyle Zick Landscape Architecture, Inc. The event also marked the return of the farmers market presented by Roslindale Village Main Street which was held on Saturdays through late November.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced thatChristine Araujo is the new Chairperson of the Zoning Board of Appeals (BOA), which regulates appeals to the use and dimensional boundaries of privately owned buildings and land throughout the City of Boston. Araujo will be the first woman to serve in this role.Christine is a forward-thinking leader who will help guide our Citys development to the next level, said Mayor Walsh. With her experience and education, she is an ideal fit for this role. She shares my strong commitment to both improving the quality of life of Boston residents, and promoting economic development for our neighborhoods. Im grateful for her service and welcome her to this new role.I am honored to be on the BOA with a thoughtful group of individuals who care about our city, said Araujo. Through the years, I have seen so many parts of Boston grow, and weve watched design and innovation that captures the essence of Bostons unique character and quality.A long standing resident of Roslindale, Christine Araujo has over 14 years in the design and planning field. Araujo was the Deputy Director of Neighborhood Planning and Zoning at the Boston Redevelopment Authority. In 2001, she was appointed the Executive Director of Boston Connects, Inc., where she was responsible for implementing the economic and human development goals of Bostons federal Empowerment Zone.In 1998, Araujo was appointed to the BOA and was later served as the Board Secretary.She has an undergraduate degree from Vassar College and a Masters degree in City and Regional Planning from Pratt Institute. BOA members are appointed by the Mayor to serve three-year terms, and are charged with reviewing and making decisions for building or zoning code relief at Public Hearings. Current members of the BOA include: Bruce Bickerstaff, Peter Chin, Mark Erlich, Mark Fortune, and Anthony Pisani. Upon her appointment, Fortune will assume Araujos role as Board Secretary. Araujo will replace the former Chairman, Robert Shortsleeve, who resigned in November.For more information, visit:www.cityofboston.gov/BOA.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that Boston is one of 12 U.S. cities selected to participate in the $45 million expansion of Bloomberg Philanthropies Innovation Teams program. The $1.35 million grant, to be awarded over three years, will initially be used to support the creation of Bostons first Housing Innovation Lab. The Lab will research and implement new ways for the city to partner with the innovation sector to help create the 53,000 units of housing called for in the Walsh administration's Boston2030 housing plan.We must do everything possible to ensure that everyone who wants to help make Boston a better place can afford to live here, Mayor Walsh said. I want to thank Bloomberg Philanthropies for this grant, which will help us pursue bold strategies to keep families and individuals here in our city. Potential partners surround us, from local architects to world-leading colleges and universities. The Housing Innovation Lab will help us strengthen these partnerships and create new ones to help us solve Bostons housing challenges.Innovation teams (i-teams) function as in-house innovation consultants, helping agency leaders and staff through a data-driven process to assess problems, generate responsive new interventions, develop partnerships, and deliver measurable results. Boston's i-team will operate out of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics and the Department of Neighborhood Development, and will initially focus on establishing a consortium of government, academic, and private-sector partners with a mission of rapidly turning the region's best ideas into new homes for Bostonians. In keeping with the successful approach of past i-teams, the team will tackle at least one other mayoral priority during the course of the three year grant.Boston was one of 14 cities selected worldwide to receive this support from Bloomberg Philanthropies. Innovation team grants will also go to the U.S. cities of: Albuquerque, NM Centennial, CO Jersey City, NJ Long Beach, CA Los Angeles, CA Mobile, AL Minneapolis, MN Peoria, IL Rochester, NY Seattle, WA and Syracuse, NY. Bloomberg Philanthropies also announced that two non-U.S. cities will receive innovation team grants: Jerusalem and Tel Aviv-Yafo, Israel. In addition to the grants, cities receive robust implementation support and opportunities to exchange lessons learned and best practices with peers in other cities. Newly formed i-teams will be deployed in each city no later than spring 2015.
Boston Public Library shared its list of the ten most-borrowed titles of 2014. This years list features fiction titles in a variety of genres ranging from romance to mystery to science fiction. Boston Public Librarys number one most-borrowed title in 2014 wasGone Girlby Gillian Flynn.Top 10 Most-borrowed Titles in BostonAll books are available to check out or place on hold. Books can be borrowed in many ways: in person at one of the librarys twenty-four branches, at the Central Library in Copley Square, or via the librarysdynamic online catalogwhere e-books and streaming audiobooks are available for download, always free.The library posts and shares many lists through its catalog including themost-borrowed teen nonfiction titles, themost-borrowed teen fiction titles, themost-borrowed nonfiction adult titles, and even themost-borrowed e-booksof the year.Those interested in signing up for a library card can do so at any Boston Public Library location (interactive map). Many people begin with a Boston Public Library e-card viawww.bpl.org/ecard, available to anyone who lives, works, or goes to school in Massachusetts. An e-card grants immediate access to Boston Public Librarys twenty-four hour digital resources.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
The Mayor's Office of Arts + Culture will feature an exhibition of Children of the World | Boston by photographer Randi Freundlich (http://www.randifreundlichphotography.com) in The Mayors Neighborhood Gallery on the second floor at Boston City Hall.The exhibition will be on display until January 24, 2015.Children of the World | Boston is a story, in images and words, about children of immigrant families who live in Boston. Its goal is to photograph one child, each from a different country, all living in the Boston area. In addition to the photographs, Freundlich interviews each family to learn about their story as immigrant families in the U.S. and here in Boston. As of November 2014, there are 45 countries represented.Freundlich received a BFA in photography from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and has worked as a Social Worker for 24 years. The focus of her work is with parents and families, many of whom are immigrants. Children of the World | Bostonbrings Freundlichs personal and professional lives together.I live two lives as a social worker and a photographer, said Freundlich. Social work and making portraits have a common theme  in their essence they are both about the relationship between two people. I am succeeding when I am allowed in to the world of the family and a sacred trust is built. I meet immigrant families every day at work. I love being with children and sharing the reality of how they experience the world. I am moved by the joys and struggles of their parents who are navigating life in a new country on top of the complex challenges that all parents face. Increasingly, I walk through my own city and see the world everywhere I look.The series was on exhibit at the Boston Convention & Exhibition Center from March 2013 to April 2014. A slideshow of images is currently included in the Dreams of Freedom exhibit at the Skywalk Observatory at the Prudential Center towers.The Galleries at Boston City Hall are open to the public at no charge. Boston City Hall is accessible by MBTA via State Street (Orange and Blue lines) and Park Street (Green and Red lines). For additional information, call617-635-3245, or visithttp://www.cityofboston.gov/arts.
Area drivers are reminded that there are still two weekends remaining to take advantage of the City of Bostons holiday parking incentive. Two hours of free parking is allowed at all 8,000 metered parking spaces in Boston on Saturday, December 13, and Saturday, December 20. No time limit is enforced on Sundays.Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh said, Boston is festive during the holiday season. The decorations are up, shops and restaurants are bustling, and there are a large variety of cultural events to enjoy. Free metered parking is a bonus that the City of Boston is happy to provide to our residents and visitors.Parking meters are conveniently located throughout Bostons Downtown, as well as in several of the citys residential neighborhoods that also host thriving Main Streets districts. While payment at meters is not required on Saturdays between Thanksgiving and Christmas, the time limit on the meters remains in effect to allow as many drivers as possible a chance to benefit from this opportunity.The standard maximum time limit at the vast majority of Bostons meters is two hours. However, at a limited number of meters, it is indicated on the meter that parking is regularly allowed for a maximum of four hours. At these meters, four hours of free parking will be provided on these Saturdays.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the finalists in the City of Bostons Deck the Windows of Boston Main Streets contest, a friendly competition between local business owners to beautify and promote the neighborhood Main Streets districts by decorating storefronts for the holidays. The Boston Main Streets businesses owners decorated their windows so beautifully in the spirit of the season, said Mayor Walsh. Now, Im asking my fellow Bostonians to visit their neighborhood Main Street Districts to shop and vote on our website for their favorite display. I look forward to celebrating the three most festive holiday windows in the Bostons Main Street Districts. The contest is part of Mayor Walshs Holiday Challenge, a campaign encouraging residents to support Main Streets and other local commercial districts during the 2014 holiday season. Participants in the Mayors Holiday Challenge pledged to support local business five times during the holiday season, either purchasing gifts, dining, or participating in local holiday events in Main Streets districts. Residents are encouraged to vote online for their favorite holiday-themed windows, starting at 5:00PM tonight. Local judges reviewed windows in each of the Boston Main Streets Districts and submitted a winner from each district. The public voting process of the contest will conclude on December 17, at 3:00PM. The three businesses with the highest number of votes will be honored on Monday, December 22, at a holiday celebration hosted by Mayor Walsh, at the first place winning business.The participating Boston Main Street Districts announced the following local winners:Contest details and a complete list of participating businesses to vote for by district can also be found on the City of Boston website:www.cityofboston.gov/deckthewindows. 
Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM), and the Citys Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) have launched #WickedCoolTree in the public space at the third floor entrance of City Hall. The holiday tree is outfitted with 720 programmable LED lights. When a user tweets a color or a series of colors using the hashtag#WickedCoolTree, all 720 lights will change reflecting the color choice.Visitors to City Hall will be delighted by the #WickedCoolTree, and it will also be a great way for virtual visitors to engage, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. This is a unique and innovative way to ramp up the holiday spirit in Boston, and I want to thank the Office of New Urban Mechanics and the Department of Innovation and Technology for their great work on this.The setup was built in-house by MONUM, using open-source software and hardware. The lights are controlled by three WiFi-enabled Arduinos, tiny computers that connect directly to the lights. The Arduinos communicate with a separate server that uses Twitter's streaming API to find the latest tweets tagged with #WickedCoolTree. In conjunction with the tree, DoITs Webteam has created a website that will stream the #WickedCoolTree tweets in real time atboston.gov/wickedcooltree.This project is one of several new, temporary installations in the lobby of Boston City Hall. It joins - among others - a scale model of Downtown Boston as well as the Stairs of Fabulousness, which is an installation by a local artist. These projects are aimed at making Boston City Hall a more inviting space for the public.This particular project is an experiment in using interactive design and the Internet of Things to improve public space. While the lights are initially decking a tree, they will be reused for other future projects. The City expects to learn from this experiment to see how similar approaches should be employed in the future. Additionally, the City worked with Greater Bostons local Maker community to complete the look of the tree. In particular, the staff at NuVu Studio in Cambridge helped design and laser cut ornaments.NuVu Studiois a local innovation and education center for middle and high school students.
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that City of Boston leadership and the Public Employee Committee (PEC) have signed an agreement to further limit the growth of employee and retiree health care costs that builds on the success of the previous PEC agreement. The agreement is expected to achieve approximately $45 million in new savings over five years from additional changes to copayments and premium splits. It will also consolidate and modify existing non-Medicare and Medicare plan options and avoid potential costs associated with the Affordable Care Act Excise Tax. The agreement also extends the Citys and PECs ability to negotiate health insurance with the unions that represent the Citys workforce collectively until 2020.City employees deserve competitive health care benefits, as they keep Boston running smoothly and ensure that constituents are getting the services they need, said Mayor Walsh. This agreement strikes a balance between cost savings for taxpayers, and access to the best employee health benefit options.Under the agreement, the City and PEC will work together to issue a Request for Proposals (RFP) to consolidate and standardize the Medicare and non-Medicare plans offered by the City. Employees and non-Medicare retirees will now have access to three non-Medicare plans, as opposed to six under previous agreements, and Medicare retirees will have access to three Medicare Supplement plans. These changes are expected to reduce the costs of administering the Citys health insurance plans and to encourage vendors to offer the most competitive pricing, all while preserving meaningful choice in coverage options for members.As a way to further contain costs, the City will now offer a Value HMO plan designed to generate cost savings through a limited network, deeper provider discounts, and/or alternative payment arrangements. Recognizing the growing costs of prescription drugs, the City and PEC will issue an RFP to explore the option of carving out Prescription Drug benefits to promote transparency and to lower costs through competitive pricing terms rather than restricted coverage.The new agreement is responsive to impacts of the Affordable Care Act. For non-Medicare plans, the City and PEC worked together to make plan design changes and introduce an out-of-pocket maximum lower than the Affordable Care Act limit. These measures will reduce potential impact of the excise tax through increased employee co-pays, but still protect employees from financial risk caused by major illness or injury. In addition, if a health plan is at risk of hitting the excise tax threshold, the City and PEC have agreed to make further plan design changes to avoid triggering the excise tax.The agreement accepts the extension of MGL Chapter 32B Section 19 throughJune 30, 2020, which allows the City to negotiate health insurance with the unions collectively and to continue building on the cooperative relationship that developed by working closely with the unions under the previous PEC agreement.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh, with the support of The Boston Foundation, announced the launch of a strategic and comprehensive city-wide public safety plan that builds upon the Boston Centers for Youth and Families (BCYF) Violence Interrupters program and the Boston Foundations innovative StreetSafe Boston Initiative. The Boston Foundation has pledged $3.1 million in funding for this effort over three years, which will allow for the integration of the StreetSafe program into a city-wide expansion of on-the-ground outreach to youth at risk of violent crime, in coordination with the Boston Police Department (BPD) and the Mayors Public Safety Initiative. The formal announcement will be made during a Community Forum for Bostons My Brothers Keeper Initiative created by President Obama, a program that seeks to promote positive outcomes for youth, especially Black and Latino boys and young men.Engaging with youth, and giving them the tools to succeed, has been shown to have a significant impact on their future outcomes, said Mayor Walsh. Expanding the number of Violence Interrupters in Bostons communities through a coordinated effort will make our neighborhoods stronger and safer. I want to thank the Boston Foundation for this generous contribution that will make a difference in the lives of many Boston youth.The Boston Foundation launched StreetSafe in 2009 as a five-year, innovative public-private partnership to bring resources and expertise to neighborhoods disproportionately affected by gang violence,  said Paul Grogan, President and CEO of the Boston Foundation. The ability of philanthropy to provide fresh approaches to tackling chronic urban problems is at the very core of the Foundations mission, and I am so pleased that the StreetSafe model will be incorporated into a comprehensive public safety plan for the City of Boston, and I look forward to continuing our partnership with Mayor Walsh.Through this effort, the City will create an integrated strategy that applies to all neighborhoods, with a focus on the top 45 gangs. The Violence Interrupters program will target at-risk, proven-risk, and high-risk individuals ages 14 to 24, and will grow from five existing BCYF Violence Interrupters, to a fully-staffed program including 16 Violence Interrupters, two Senior Violence Interrupters, one case manager, and one outreach coordinator, and partnerships with programs that offer wraparound services such as job training and trauma support. Each of Bostons 19 housing developments will have a Violence Interrupter assigned.The Violence Interrupters will complement BCYFs Streetworkers program, bringing a total of 48 individuals in Boston communities providing on the ground community support for at-risk youth.In collaboration with BPD, BCYF, and the Mayors Public Safety Initiative, metrics and accountability will be fully integrated along with a report that will be provided annually to the Mayor. The report will explore metrics around positive education and workforce outcomes, and data about the number of youth who turn to Violence Interrupters for Support, and number of youth interventions and gang mediations conducted. BCYF will partner with relevant city agencies to measure use of the Citys assets, such as parks and playgrounds, and public transportation.StreetSafe Boston, an initiative of The Boston Foundation, deploys a team of highly-trained Streetworkers to establish meaningful relationships with gang-involved youth to interrupt violence, mediate and resolve conflicts, and influence individuals to engage in pro-social programs and services. StreetSafe Boston focuses its efforts in Bowdoin/Geneva, Morton Street, Norfolk Street, the South End, and Uphams Corner. The program is set to expire December 31, 2014.
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh hosted a major local action summit to engage the community in the development and shaping of the My Brothers Keeper (MBK) Initiative in Boston. During the summit, Mayor Walsh welcomed Michael Smith, Special Assistant to the President on My Brothers Keeper. The MBK Boston Community Summit took place at the James P. Timilty Middle School in Roxbury.""Im committed to building a citywide movement to close opportunity gaps in Boston and set a new standard for inclusion and equity in America, said Mayor Walsh. This summit brought together the community of advocates, policymakers, and concerned residents who are passionate about improving outcomes for boys and men of color in Boston. I was thrilled to welcome Michael Smith from the White House. His participation recognizes our leadership in the Presidents My Brothers Keeper Initiative, and boosts all the work we are doing to eliminate disparities in education, health, and economic opportunity.""President Obama understands that outside of family, nothing shapes young peoples lives, aspirations, and opportunities quite as powerfully as the communities where they live, learn and grow. Boston is full of people who have overcome significant obstacles, achieved great success and proven where you start doesn't have to determine where you end up,"" said Smith. But no young person should have to overcome such obstacles alone. Thats why the MBK Community Challenge exists, to bring together everyday citizens with government, nonprofits, schools and business to take concrete steps in communities across the country that we know can work to reduce barriers and help our youth make good choices, learn to be resilient in the face of challenges, and most importantly, achieve their dreams. We applaud Mayor Walsh for his leadership to make My Brothers Keeper a reality in Boston.Building on the Presidents My Brothers Keeper national initiative, Mayor Walsh established the MBK Boston Advisory Committee in September 2014, and is actively engaging the community to promote positive outcomes for all youth, especially Black and Latino boys and young men. Recognizing the challenges facing Black and Latino males in Boston, the City has adopted a mission for My Brothers Keeper that reaches Black and Latino males at the earliest age in a childs life through adulthood. The MBK Boston Advisory Committee helped to also develop sub-committees focusing on eight key areas including Civic Engagement, Education, Business Development, Workforce Development, Human Services, Public Health, Public Safety, and Youth Employment.Todays MBK community action summit attracted residents and community stakeholders from government, academia, the private and public sectors, clergy, families and neighborhoods. Breakout sessions were facilitated to develop recommendations across the eight focus areas to identify strategies to close opportunity gaps and strengthen outcomes for all residents, especially Black and Latino boys and men, to achieve their full potential.This MBK Boston Community Summit is part of the Walsh Administrations overall efforts to support the success of MBK locally and also foster inclusion and diversity throughout the City of Boston. Since establishing the MBK Boston Advisory Committee in September 2014, Mayor Walsh also:To learn more about My Brothers Keeper in Boston visit:www.boston.gov/mbk. For more details on the Presidents national initiative in support of My Brothers Keeper, visitwww.whitehouse.gov/my-brothers-keeper."
On Monday, December 8th, Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Commission on Affairs of the Elderly will honor 75 couples that have been married for 50 years or more. These couples have been invited to a special luncheon at the Taj Boston Hotel from 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.The Taj Boston is located in a historic, 87 year old building that has always been known for its classic style and award winning service. The Taj is home to a prized collection of art and antiques on display throughout the hotel. The luncheon is being served in the legendary Dining Room. The Dining Room is styled with Czechoslovakian cobalt blue and crystal chandeliers, gilded columns and richly draped window views of the Public Garden and Newbury Street. The Dining Room decoration was inspired by the dining room of King Ludvig I of Bavaria.The anniversary couples will be treated to appetizers while they wait for their professional photo to be taken. Then they will be ushered into the dining space for a formal toast by Mayor Walsh. The longest married couple, married for 72 years, will then be asked to step forward to cut the tiered wedding cake. They will be served a three course meal and invited to dance the day away to Four Guys in Tuxes. Four Guys in Tuxes has been providing live music to weddings all over New England for over 30 years. It is led by Berklee College of Music professor G. Andrew Maness. Upon their departure, guests will be gifted a set of engraved champagne flutes.Here I am in my first year as Mayor and these folks are celebrating 50 years of marriage and more, said Mayor Walsh. I am honored just to be in their presence. To be connected and supported by one person for that many years is one of lifes greatest achievements. We are pleased that such a milestone celebration is happening here at the Taj Boston, said General Manager Karambir Kang. Our team has been preparing a congratulatory culinary experience to commemorate the couples and we look forward to welcoming them to our historic venue.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that Boston has been selected as one of 35 cities from around the world to be invited to join the 100 Resilient Cities Network, a project of the Rockefeller Foundation. 100RC supplies its member cities with tools, funding, technical expertise, and other resources to build resilience to the challenges of the 21st century. As part of the scope of the award, Boston will bring on a Chief Resilience Officer (CRO), tapped to create a dialogue around Bostons segregated past, the impacts that linger today, and finding ways for the City to become more equitable. The long-term impacts of the busing era are still felt in Boston today, and we know that we still see segregation in our neighborhoods and gaps in social outcomes for people of color in areas such as education, public health, and economic security, , said Mayor Walsh. We saw an opportunity here, to take an alternative approach to what resilience means - its not just environmental, it can also be social. I want to thank the Rockefeller Foundation and the judges for selecting Boston to join the Resilient Cities Network.  Bostons application stood out to our judges for its sophisticated sense of resilience, said Ryan Whalen, Director for Initiatives and Strategy at the Rockefeller Foundation. The selection committee was struck by the range of challenges that the city continues to face, and how city government here understands the ways in which these challenges all feed into one another. Im pleased to announce that Boston will be joining the 100 Resilient Cities network.  The CRO will report directly to the Mayor and will support policy discussion, and planning efforts in the City through this social resilience lens. The CRO will also work with external stakeholders towards a shared vision on economic development, transportation, housing, climate change, and the arts. The position will continue to be shaped following todays announcement. Upon appointment the CRO will serve a 2-year term.  Boston is now part of a global community of cities working together to become more resilient. In addition to grant funding for the CRO position, Boston will receive technical support to develop a resilience strategy that reflects the citys distinct needs, and the support and services the City needs to work towards implementing that strategy. As part of the network, Boston will obtain access to a variety of platform partners in the private, public, and nonprofit sectors. These partners will offer tools in areas such as innovative finance, technology, infrastructure, land use, and community and social resilience. Finally, Boston will be linked together in a global network to learn from other participating cities challenges and successes.  Momentum from last years inaugural 100RC challenge made this year highly competitive, spanning over 90 countries across six continents. Boston was chosen from more than 330 applicants on the basis of willingness, ability, and need to become resilient in the face of future challenges. Other cities announced today by the Rockefeller Foundation to join the 100RC are: Member cities were selected upon the recommendation of distinguished judges from around the world, including former president Jos Mara Figueres Olsen of Costa Rica, the President of the African Development Bank, Dr. Donald Kaberuka, Chairperson for the Board of Governors on the Indian Council for Research on International Economic Relations, Dr. Isher Ahluwalia, and the President and CEO of the Asia Society, Josette Sheeran.  
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the appointments of three new members to the City of Bostons Licensing Board: Christine A. Pulgini, Lisa S. Maki, and Keeana Serene Saxon. The Licensing Board regulates alcohol, food, hotels/inns, lodging houses, fraternities/dormitories, billiards/pool tables/sippio, bowling alleys, and fortune teller licenses within the City of Boston, pursuant to Massachusetts General Laws Chapters 138 and 140, and the Rules of the Board.  This newly-constituted Licensing Board is the most recent in a series of efforts that the Walsh Administration has made to streamline and improve licensing and permitting operations across City government, to ensure that business owners and entrepreneurs are able to successfully start and grow businesses in Boston. In recent months, Mayor Walsh: The changes weve made to the Citys Licensing Board and our approach to licensing across the City presents a fresh opportunity to support economic development across our neighborhoods, said Mayor Walsh. Im grateful that Christine, Lisa and Keeana have agreed to serve the residents of Boston in this capacity, and I look forward to seeing their work begin.  Christine A. Pulgini currently serves as a partner with the Law Offices of Joseph J. Pulgini, P.C., a firm specializing in workers compensation, accidental disability retirement, social security disability, and civil litigation. She is a member of the Massachusetts Bar Association and the Massachusetts Academy of Trial Attorneys. She received her J.D. from New England School of Law, and her B.A. in Communications from Curry College. She currently resides in Hyde Park.  Lisa S. Maki has been an attorney with the City of Boston's Law Department since 2010, representing Boston on legal issues related to employment law, public education, civil rights matters, police misconduct, environmental law, open meeting and public records, state ethics, and labor. Maki previously served as Judicial Law Clerk to the Honorable Chief Justice Frank J. Williams of the Rhode Island Supreme Court. She currently serves as an adjunct professor at Suffolk University Law School, where she received her law degree. She is resident of South Boston.  Keeana Serene Saxon has served as Deputy General Counsel to the Executive Office of Housing & Economic Development since 2012. She previously served as Counsel to the Department of Housing & Community Development, and as the Director of the Joint Committee on State Administration and Regulatory Oversight. Saxon is a member and previous Chair of the U.S. Advisory Board for the Rwanda Youth Healing Center, and previously as the Chair of Board of Trustees for Boston Renaissance Charter School. She received her J.D. from Western New England School of Law, and has been admitted to the Bar of the Supreme Judicial Court for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Saxon is a Roxbury resident.  In the 2014 legislative session, Mayor Walsh successfully advocated for the passage of An Act Promoting Economic Growth Across the Commonwealth (Chapter 287 of the Acts of 2014). In part, this bill gave Boston the ability to appoint its own liquor licensing board for the first time since 1906  a provision already afforded to every other municipality in the Commonwealth. Previously, Bostons liquor licensing board appointments were overseen by the Governor. In addition, the City of Boston was also granted 25 additional liquor licenses per year for 3 years, for a total of 75 new liquor licenses. These include:The members of the new board will begin their 6-year terms effective December 1, 2014.
"Today Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh, in conjunction with the Greater Boston Latino Network (GBLN) and leaders representing communities of color in Boston, announced the formation of a Diversity and Inclusion Team. The announcement took place today at City Hall, where Mayor Walsh joined GBLN to release a report analyzing the Latino presence in decision-making positions at the municipal level.From day one of this administration, we have been very clear about our commitment to diversifying leadership, staff and members of boards and commissions, said Mayor Walsh. We are thrilled to be partnering with groups like the Greater Boston Latino Network to evaluate the current state of diversity within this city and identifying best practices in reaching our common goal of increased diversity and our shared values of inclusion and equity.The Diversity & Inclusion Team will be charged with the following:The Team, currently in formation, will be led by Shaun Blugh, the Citys first Chief Diversity Officer, and will include city leaders from Human Resources and relevant City departments, and members of key constituency leadership groups including the Greater Boston Latino Network. The working group will be finalized in the coming weeks, and have their first meeting in early February.The administration is partnering in this endeavor with Greater Boston Latino Network, a collective effort of Latino-led community based organizations in Boston, Chelsea and Somerville with the mission to promote Latino/a leadership in decision-making positions from city halls and local boards and commissions to state agencies.In December 2013, GBLN commissioned a study with university-affiliated researchers: Miren Uriarte, Ph.D. (UMass Boston) James Jennings, Ph.D. (Tufts University) and Jen Douglas, Ph.D. (UMass Boston). GBLN andthe researchers compiled a report of the findings, called The Silent Crisis: Including Latinos and Why it Matters, released today with Mayor Walsh. The study and recommendations have been shared with the City of Boston, and GBLN is planning to meet with the Cities of Chelsea and Somerville.The report includes a measure of the economic, social and political inclusion of Latinos at mid-decade in three cities of the Commonwealth where about one fourth of the states Latino population lives. The report also makes recommendations for the City, fully embraced by the Walsh administration:""We found that the representation of Latinos in Bostons executive positions and boards and commissions had not kept pace with the growth of the Latino population in the city. This was the case even in agencies in which Latinos hold great stakes such as the Boston Public Schools, the Boston Housing Authority, services for families and children and economic development, said researcher, Dr. Miren Uriarte. ""It is clear that government works best when it understands and can effectively act upon the needs of all constituencies. Lack of representation leads to lack of knowledge of needs and resources in under-represented groups and ineffective actions to address their concerns.There is no doubt our community has a very high stake in a well-functioning city government. Latinos are the largest constituents in the Boston Public Schools and the largest block of tenants in the Boston Housing Authority, said Executive Director of Sociedad Latina and member of GBLN, Alexandra Oliver- Dvila. Reflective representation alone is not enough to have broad positive effects on the experience of government of under-represented groups. It also requires a broad commitment to changing policies and practice. Still, the beauty of it is that the benefits of representation (like improved student performance) are broadly shared with other minority groups.We recognize Boston's history and celebrate how far we have come, but we are acutely aware of the disparities that we continue to see today. We see them in outcomes in the foundations for success, from education and public health, to housing and jobs. Our city is committed to being more inclusive and, with that, more relevant to the needs of communities of color, said Chief of Health and Human Services, Flix G. Arroyo. Great progress has definitely been made and should be celebrated. Also, there are definite pipeline positions that have been filled and fully anticipate people in those positions to advance to department heads and cabinet chiefs during the Walsh administration.We are thrilled to work with the city of Boston on this very important initiative, adds Vanessa Calderon-Rosado, Executive Director of Inquilinos Boricuas en Accin (IBA) and GBLN member. The City of Boston and the administration of Mayor Martin J. Walsh has demonstrated their commitment to increased diversity and now the Team will have to roll up their sleeves to be able to do their part."
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the creation of his Mayors Office of Diversity, dedicated to providing strategic leadership to Mayor Walshs diversity agenda. With this effort, Mayor Walsh will be appointing the Citys first-ever Chief Diversity Officer, Shaun Blugh, and Deputy Chief Diversity Officer, Freda Brasfield.Even before being sworn in as Mayor, I made some very ambitious and serious promises about increasing diversity across our workforce and ensuring that City government reflects the people we represent, said Mayor Walsh. Im proud of the steps weve taken and the progress weve made, and I know that the addition of Shaun in this Chief Diversity Officer role will serve to strengthen and grow the foundation weve built.Shaun Blugh currently serves as the Director of Due Diligence for IMB Development Corporation. In this role, Blugh assists in the recruitment and vetting of minority candidates for employment in IMBs portfolio companies. Blugh worked closely with large corporations looking to increase their diversity spend, and engaged the national landscape for small diverse businesses to facilitate procurement for state and city contracts. He previously served as a paralegal for Boies, Schiller & Flexner LLP, based in New York City. Blugh is a graduate of Georgetown University.Since April 2011, Freda Brasfield has served as the Administration and Finance Manager for the Mayors Office. In this role, Brasfield worked closely with the Budget Office and Human Resources Department, serving as a liaison to oversee all personnel transactions within the Mayors Office, develop HR policies and procedures, and ensure compliance with the Citys residency policy. Brasfield previously served the City as Regional Neighborhood Coordinator for Mattapan within the Mayors Office of Neighborhood Services, and as Construction Monitor for the Citys Residents Jobs Policy Office. Brasfield is an active member of the community, serving as the former Board Chair for the Blue Hills Boys and Girls Club, the current Treasurer for the Mattapan Patriots Pop Warner Football Team, and Chair of the Fundraising Committee for the Urban League of Eastern Massachusetts Young Professional Network. She is a graduate of Northeastern University.The Mayors Office of Diversity will lead Mayor Walshs diversity agenda, including the ongoing development and delivery of the Citys diversity goals and objectives in areas of hiring, leadership and career development, diversity training, strategic planning, recruitment and retention. The Mayors Office of Diversity will also be tasked with analyzing and improving the Citys procurement strategies, to support and increase opportunities for minority- and women-owned businesses to engage directly with the City of Boston. The Chief Diversity Officer and Deputy Chief Diversity Officer will perform outreach to community, academic, and business organizations in order to increase diversity of employee candidate pools, and assist in the development of hiring processes to ensure maximum opportunities for employment and career advancement for candidates from underrepresented demographic groups. To that end, the Office will be responsible for collecting, analyzing and reporting the Citys employee diversity data, working closely with the Citys Human Resources Department.  
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that the City of Bostons Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) has selected Accela, in partnership with OpenCounter, to upgrade the Citys permitting and licensing system. Accela, the leading provider of civic engagement solutions for government, and OpenCounter, a firm that builds tools to help cities support local economic development, will work with DoIT to design and deploy a modern system that meets Bostons high standards for innovation and usability. The City of Boston issues 60 different types of permits, totaling approximately 86,000 permits annually.Weve already made deep improvements to the way the public does business with the City by taking steps to streamline and improve licensing and permitting operations, but theres always more to be done, said Mayor Walsh. This partnership with Accela and OpenCounter will take us further, creating a coordinated and seamless experience across departments for residents and business owners seeking permitting and licensing through the City.We understand that people in Boston really rely on these systems to take care of business and keep their everyday life rolling along, said Maury Blackman, Accela CEO and President. Were proud that Boston DoIT chose to work with Accela and OpenCounter to create the experience its citizens deserve.Cities like Boston are concerned about retention, so as businesses develop and grow, they stay in town and help build the community, said Joel Mahoney, Co-Founder, OpenCounter. Were thrilled to partner with Accela and Boston to simplify the relationship between business owner and government.The companies will work with DoIT to build and deploy a modern, SaaS-based permitting experience, leveraging the reliable Accela Civic Platform and the user-friendly design principles of OpenCounter. The new solution will work across departments to assist in coordinating workflow, integrating a variety of backend systems, and providing an improved public experience that still maintains the rules created to protect public health and safety.The Accela Civic Platform provides a secure foundation for creating the two-way flow of data that helps agencies and citizens engage. Most importantly, it will empower a better citizen experience for permit and license applicants, who range from DIY homeowners to experienced contractors.Accela and OpenCounter will deliver the first phase of the new system in a six-month timeframe, with enhancements to occur over a two-year period. Both companies have proven track records as effective solution providers in Boston and in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Accela software and services are in use by the Boston Public Health Commission and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts Division of Professional Licensure, Office of Consumer Affairs and Business Regulation, and Alcohol Beverage Control Commission.The announcement to overhaul the licensing and permitting system is one in a series of efforts that the Walsh Administration has made to streamline and improve licensing and permitting operations across City government. In recent months, Mayor Walsh[NK1] :
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the City of Bostons Youth Engagement & Employment Departments involvement in an Urban Innovation competition in Guangzhou, China. The competition focuses on initiatives that best incorporate innovation, civic engagement, community improvement, and sustainability.I am impressed by what young people are able to accomplish in Boston, said Mayor Walsh. Young people are full of potential once you give them the tools they need to engage in community-based initiatives that they care about. There will be students who visit a revitalized park or see laptops in Boston Public Schools classrooms, and they can say, I helped make this happen. Positive change happens when youth people speak up.The City of Guangzhou in China is hosting a conference around Urban Innovation. For the Award in Urban Innovation, over 250 initiatives were submitted from around the world. Bostons Youth Lead the Change initiative is the only initiative from the United States selected as one of the 15 finalists invited to take part in the competition.In June 2014, Mayor Walsh announced the launch of Youth Lead the Change: Participatory Budgeting Boston to engage Boston residents between the ages of 12 to 25 in deciding how $1 million of Boston's capital budget will be allocated. Young Boston residents submitted potential project ideas, which then were reviewed by community activists and leaders, and city officials to develop formal proposals for the final ballot.The City of Boston is now engaging in its second year of a participatory budgeting, a process called Youth Lead the Change. This past summer, Mayor Walsh joined youth from all over Boston in announcing the nations first-ever youth participatory budgeting process. Boston youth engaged in a democratic, educational process centered around the Citys budget and assessing capital projects.Community members and young people from all neighborhoods came together to develop ideas and propose how $1 million should be spent to improve their City.We constantly talk about future leaders when we discuss young people, but our young people have the ability to lead today, said Shari Davis, Executive Director of Youth Engagement & Employment. Lets provide them with the tools and the platforms so that young people can sharpen their skills, take ownership of civic projects and see real change happen. Davis is an alumnus of the Mayors Youth Council.Young people in Boston made Youth Lead the Change the success that it is, said Francesco Tena, Manager of the Mayors Youth Council. It is such an honor to represent Boston in another country and carry-out Mayor Walshs vision on connecting the youth to more opportunities.Davis and Tena will compete against 15 other cities in hopes of making the list of top five initiatives. The general public has influence on this competition.
Participants in the Challenge will pledge to support local business five times during the holiday season, either purchasing gifts, dining, or participating in local holiday events in Main Streets districts. Holiday shoppers are encouraged to accept the Challenge via social media, using the hashtag #5onMain.I challenge every holiday shopper, whether they live in Boston or not, to sample all that our Main Streets districts have to offer this holiday season, Mayor Walsh said. Between 20 and 40 percent of yearly sales for small- and mid-sized retailers take place within the last two months of the year, and as a city, we should support our local businesses.Recent data from Deloitte University Press 29thAnnual Holiday Survey indicates a projected increase in consumer holiday spending, with average holiday spending projected to total $1,300. While consumers are moving to shopping online, the survey shows that consumers still prefer to buy locally and in-store to support local community/economy, find one of a kind gifts, and enjoy the convenience of shopping in their neighborhoods.In order to help shoppers participate in the Challenge, a list of local Main Streets holiday events will be available atwww.holidaysonmainstreets.com, and participants can follow @BostonMainStreets for regular updates. City staff will be monitoring the #5onMain hashtag through the holiday season and retweeting clever and original gift ideas.To participate in the Mayors Holiday Challenge on Twitter, Instagram, or Facebook, please use hashtag #5onMain.
OnOctober 8, Mayor Martin J. Walsh  under the advisement of various City departments, agencies and leaders, and the Massachusetts Department of Transportation (MassDOT)  made the decision to close the Long Island Bridge and evacuate the programs located on Long Island. This was a difficult, but necessary, decision that was made in the interest of public safety. This bridge has been a source of grave concern for many years, and I was not willing to risk the possibility of disaster for one more night, with the data presented to us about the serious condition of the bridge, said Mayor Walsh. In the weeks following the bridge closure, a light post fell down and crashed onto the bridge, directly where vehicles traveled to and from the Island. My team made a series of tough judgment calls in the interest of public safety, and we are confident that we made the right decision. There was not one incident, injury, or any bridge collapse that led to this decision. The decision to close the Bridge was made in an abundance of caution, following long-running concerns about the structural integrity of the Bridge. Following the decision to close the Bridge, the City activated its Continuity of Operations Plan to ensure that all needs of the clients who utilize the programs at Long Island are met while the Bridge is closed. Since the bridge closure, the City and partners have maintained an equal, or greater, number of beds for our homeless and recovery guests. The following is a comprehensive update on the status of the Long Island Bridge, programs, and operations.Community OutreachOn Wednesday, November 12, the City of Boston co-hosted a community meeting at the Blackstone Community Center. Over a period of four hours, representatives from the Mayors Office, the Health & Human Services cabinet, the Public Works Department, the Boston Public Health Commission, and City Council engaged in discussion with advocates, displaced clients, and concerned community members.  On Wednesday, November 19, representatives from the Mayors Office, the Health & Human Services cabinet, and the Boston Public Health Commission met with elected officials from the Boston delegation to discuss the bridge closure, current status, and upcoming plans.  The City will be holding two community meetings:Mayor Walsh has met directly with members of the BPHC service provider network, and with residents in the Roxbury and South End neighborhoods. Constituents are always welcome to reach out to the City through the Mayors 24-Hour Hotline,617-635-4500, or by emailingmayor@boston.gov.  Client BelongingsAny emergency shelter guest seeking to retrieve their locker items should call617-823-7676between the hours of9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m.Callers should be prepared to provide a name, locker number, and a contact number. City staff have traveled to Long Island and retrieved all client items, returning them to the Mattapan campus, where they will be stored. When a guest requests their belongings, those possessions will be brought to Woods Mullen Shelter at a pre-determined time when guests can pick them up. If guests are unable to pick up items during those times, alternative options will be made available by contacting617-823-7676.  Current ProgramsOn a typical night, Long island is home to approximately 450 shelter guests as well as approximately 250-300 individuals who receive services through the Boston Public Health Commission and other nonprofit organizations that operate programs on Long Island. Approximately 150 people work on Long Island during a typical day.  BPHC operates four programs on Long Island:Our homeless population is currently being served at a number of City-run and independent community programs, providing over 500 beds across Boston. In addition, the BPHC provider network is working to expand capacity based on needs for the cold weather. They include:A number of privately-run programs also call Long Island home. They include:The City is committed to working with each program to find temporary services for their clientele.  Temporary FacilitiesThe City has explored a number of options for a temporary, long-term facility to replace the Long Island homeless shelter during the time period needed for bridge repairs. Each facility had to meet certain criteria to be considered a possible location, with attention paid to size, access to water and electricity, timeframe for availability, ownership status, and current zoning status. In the interest of stability and consistency, the location also must be available until the close of bridge construction, which is estimated to take approximately 36 months.  Two facilities are currently under restoration to replace some of the recovery programs. They include:The City is in the final stages of confirming a location for homeless clients, and a location for the recovery programs. In addition, shelter and program guests have indicated that the locker system on Long Island was a valued resource. Our Homeless Services staff, in partnership with Property Management, is examining the feasibility of reinstating this service once a new facility is established.  Bridge ReplacementThe Long Island Bridge was opened in 1951, and has been in a state of limited operational use for over a decade. In August 2014, the City of Boston issued a Request for Proposals for a design of a new bridge. The design is expected to cost $9 million funding has been allocated, with half provided by the City of Boston and half from MassDOT. The design process can take an estimated 12 months. Construction on a replacement bridge is likely to cost approximately $80+ million, and  if expedited given emergency circumstances  can be completed in an estimated 24 to 36 months. In examining long-term plans for the programs on Long Island, the City carefully evaluated two ferry options to replace a bridge. These options would require significant infrastructure investments, equipment and vehicle purchases, and maintenance and operational costs. The City continues to explore all options.   
Boston is a City rooted proudly in the spirit of freedom and strength. We strive to be a City where our residents can express themselves, and engage in meaningful discussion and efforts to improve the most difficult issues in our society.We recognize Boston's history and celebrate how far we have come, but we are acutely aware of the disparities that we continue to see today. We see them in outcomes in the foundations for success, from education and public health, to housing and jobs. Our city and state government and the agencies we represent are committed to being responsive and relevant, and to facilitating meaningful discussion.We echo the sentiment of community leaders, elected officials, and clergy nationwide, calling for unity and peaceful demonstrations, and encouraging all to work together to create real, lasting change. Boston can continue a proud tradition of leadership and use this moment as an opportunity to recommit ourselves to uniting for a better Boston.Cosigned:Mayor Martin J. WalshBoston City Council President Bill LinehanBoston City Councilor Michael FlahertyBoston City Councilor Michelle WuBoston City Councilor Steve MurphyBoston City Councilor Ayanna PressleyBoston City Councilor Sal LaMattinaBoston City Councilor Frank BakerBoston City Councilor Tim McCarthyBoston City Councilor Matt O'MalleyBoston City Councilor Tito JacksonBoston City Councilor Josh ZakimBoston City Councilor Mark CiommoSenator William N. BrownsbergerSenator Sonia Chang-DiazSenator Linda Dorcena ForrySenator Michael F. RushSenator Sal DiDomenicoRepresentative Carlo BasileRepresentative Evandro C. CarvalhoRepresentative Daniel CullinaneRepresentative Gloria FoxRepresentative Russell E. HolmesRepresentative Kevin G. HonanRepresentative Jay LivingstoneRepresentative Byron RushingFormer State Representative Marie St. FleurSheriff Steven Tompkins, Suffolk CountyDistrict Attorney Dan Conley, Suffolk CountyWilliam Evans, Commissioner, Boston Police DepartmentJohn McDonough, Superintendent, Boston Public SchoolsMichael ONeill, Chair, Boston School CommitteeClaudio Martinez, Vice Chair, Boston School CommitteeJeri Robinson, Boston School CommitteeMichael Loconto, Boston School CommitteeReverend Jeffrey BrownReverend Gregory G. Groover, Sr., D.Min. Pastor, Historic Charles Street A.M.E. Church (Roxbury)Reverend David Wright, Executive Director, Black Ministerial Alliance of Greater Boston, Inc.Father Joe White, Saint Vincent de Paul ParishFather John Nazzarro, Executive Director, Salesian's Boys and Girls Club in East BostonReverend Laura Ruth Jarrett, Hope Central ChurchReverend Courtney Jones, Hope Central ChurchSister Nancy Braceland, CSJ, Casserly HouseFather Richard C. Doc ConwayVanessa Caldern-Rosado, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer, Inquilinos Boricuas en Accin (IBA)Jorge Martinez, Sr., Executive Director, Project RIGHT, Inc.Annie Kinkead, MattapanMichael Curry, President, Boston NAACPDarnell Williams, President & CEO, Urban League of Eastern MassachusettsChris Jones, Dudley Street Neighborhood InitiativeAlex Oliver-Dvila, Sociedad LatinaPaul Grogan, President & CEO, The Boston FoundationAnabela Gomes, Brighton-Allston Improvement AssociationCharlie Rose, City YearAli Carter, Brighton Main StreetsRosie Hanlon, Jackson Mann Community CenterGalen Mook, Commonwheels, AllstonPaulo DeBarros, Director, Catholic Charities Teen Center at St. Peter'sElias Monteiro, Director of Organizing, Dorchester Bay EDCJames Sullivan, BrightonAbigail Furey, BrightonVictoria Tolman, BrightonJohn R. Cusack, AllstonMichael Franks, BrightonAndrew Slade, AllstonAngela Holm, BrightonPatrick Murray, West RoxburyCarol Ridge-Martinez, Executive Director, Allston-Brighton CDCValerie Frias, Associate Director, Allston-Brighton CDCJason Desrosier, Community Engagement Coordinator, Allston-Brighton CDC
The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM) and Boston Art Commission are proud to announce the winners of Fenway's 30 Second Cinema, a digital art competition which gives Boston-area artists the opportunity to display their work on a prominent digital sign next to Fenway Park.MONUM and the Boston Art Commission asked artists to submit their digital art, such as motion graphics and short films, up to 30 seconds long. Representatives of MONUM and the Mayors Office of Arts + Culture judged the submissionsFenways 30 Second Cinema competition is a terrific opportunity for Boston-area digital artists to showcase their work to thousands of residents and visitors in a high-visibility public space, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. The high quality of these submissions speaks to the overwhelming talent and creative vision in the City of Boston that will make one of Bostons most beloved streets even more dynamic.Twelve winners were selected and will have their pieces displayed on the Orange Barrel Media digital sign at the intersection of Ipswich and Lansdowne Streets starting today. The winning submissions will be displayed every hour for 30 seconds between regular advertising programming on the digital sign (14 feet high by 48 feet wide). In addition, the City will award the winning artists $300.Fenway's 30-Second Cinema is part of a host of initiatives from the City of Boston to engage and highlight Boston's creative community in public spaces. Recent activities include the Boston Art Commissions Pop-Up! Dudley Connections (http://www.cityofboston.gov/news/Default.aspx?id=14764) a pop-up art series in Dudley Square, and the Public Space Invitational (http://www.cityofboston.gov/news/Default.aspx?id=10651), a civic design competition that invited artists, designers, and engineers to rethink Boston's public spaces.The 12 Winning Submissions:Corey Corcoran's 12 Items or LessCorcoran is a Boston-based artist and illustrator. His work has been exhibited throughout the country and extensively in the Greater Boston area including group shows at LaMontagne Gallery, Suffolk University Art Gallery, deCordova Sculpture Park + Museum, and Montserrat College of Art. His work has been featured in publications such as the Huffington Post, The Boston Globe, and Beautiful Decay. Corcoran received a BFA in Painting from Massachusetts College of Art and Design and he is a 2011 recipient of a Clowes Fellowship from Vermont Studio Center. Most recently, he has created several animations for the outdoor marquee at the Boston Convention and Exhibition Center.Rob Eckel's Walls of WaterEckel has had a life-long passion for film that by high school began skewing towards the surreal and experimental. During his senior year of high school he attended the Fast Forward program at the Institute of Contemporary Art in Boston. He graduated from Emerson College with a BFA in Film Production and now works as a freelance Director of Photography, editor, and production worker around New England and beyond.Sarah Gay-O'Neill's In the CrowdGay-ONeill is an artist and educator based in Boston. She can be found teaching animation and digital media at MassArt and Harvard University. Gay-ONeill is a long-time contributing member of Rifrakt Artist Collective who participated in a show at Boston City Hall regarding three family homes in Boston proper. In March 2013 she received a glowing review from Artscope Magazine as well as a Makers Mark Award at the 2013 MassArt Auction. Her animations have screened at a number of festivals garnering awards along the way.Lina Maria Giraldo's UpGiraldo is a Boston-based media artist who holds a Master of Professional Studies on Interactive Telecommunications (ITP) from NYU's Tisch School of the Arts where she was the recipient of both the Paulette Godard and the Tisch School Scholarships. She was awarded the Tsongas Scholarship at Mass College of Art, where she majored in Studio of interrelated Media with Departmental Honors and Academic Distinction. Her work has been displayed in galleries and shows as well as public spaces throughout Boston, New York, and Colombia. The Boston Globe, ABC News, and WBGH have highlighted her. Giraldo was selected to be part of the John F. Kennedy Legacy Gallery in the category of the Arts and has received grants from the Hispanic Scholarship Foundation and the St. Botolph Foundation.Ravi Jain's BindsJain is multi-disciplinary artist whose work has played out across Boston in the guises of a car-based talk show (DriveTime), an innovative web sitcom set in Jamaica Plain (Three Abreast) and as self-proclaimed Transportation Pioneer inaugurating new roads and rail lines. Jain oversees video and multimedia development for Boston College's Office of Marketing Communications and teaches Digital Media at Northeastern University.Michael Lewy's Office ChairLewy is an artist who works in a variety of media including photography, video and computer graphics. He received his MFA from Massachusetts College of Art and also works as an illustrator for such clients as the New York Times book review and HiLow books. He is the author of Chart Sensation, a book of PowerPoint charts and has shown at the deCordova Sculpture Park and Museum, the Pacific Film Archives, and Carroll and Sons Gallery in Boston.Robert Maloney's EndlessMaloney is a Boston-based mixed media artist and instructor at Massachusetts College of Art and Design, and received his Masters of Fine Arts degree from MassArt. Maloneys 2D and 3D constructions and video work incorporates elements of the urban landscape, typography, topography and architecture. Maloneys recent body of work explores the passing of time and the accumulation and deterioration of human experiences as they are subjected to various states of temporal erosion. In the end, only a trace of these elements may remain as if they are the footprints or skeletons of their previous existences.Denise Manseau's particles and wavesManseau investigates the nature of constantly changing relationships in the environment. With drawing and painting at the core of her practice, she has expanded her methodology to include sound vibration and light as a medium in drawing and video. Manseau holds an MFA from Massachusetts College of Art and her BFA from the University of Massachusetts Lowell. She maintains a studio at the Arts Research Collaborative, an art space in Lowell dedicated to arts dialogue and education.Matthew Shanley's Ferry RideShanley is a multimedia artist whose range of practice includes sound, installation, public art, generative computer projects, video, Internet art, and print. He holds an MFA from Massachusetts College of Art, and a BS from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and currently resides in Boston.Cindy Sherman Bishop's The Way You MoveSherman Bishop is a visual artist, filmmaker, and digital creative. Originally a software developer and a painter, her work ranges from creating new tools for artistic expression to realizing immersive, interactive environments with full-body interaction. She received her MFA in Dynamic Media at Massachusetts College of Art in 2013, and is continuing to explore the intersection of art, video, and technology at MIT with a fellowship in the Comparative Media Studies department. She also has various exhibitions scheduled including one at the Peabody Essex Museum this spring.Remi Thornton's Stucco HouseThornton is an artist and photographer from Melrose. His work has been exhibited throughout the United States and his photographs have been highly collected by private and public collections including Fidelity Investments and Wellington Management. Thornton is currently represented by Gallery Kayafas in Boston. Thornton lives with his wife and a heavily-photographed Chihuahua/Pug mix named Winnie Cooper.Andrea Zampitella's Within and Without BoundsZampitella is a multimedia video and performance artist. In Zampitellas current work, she confines herself to reveal a sense of restrictiveness, lyricism, and subsequent humanity. Zampitella's performance and installations explore the threshold of pain and beauty and the tension between the natural and manmade. Zampitella has exhibited in galleries and public spaces around Boston including the Decordova Museum and Sculpture Park, The Rose Kennedy Greenway Conservancy, The Boston Childrens Museum, Axiom Gallery, Mobius Gallery, and the Griffin Museum of Photography. Andrea Zampitella attended the Massachusetts College of Art where she earned a MFA in Interdisciplinary Studies, a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Art Education and Studio for Interrelated Media. Currently, she is a Library/Media Specialist at Winchester High School.About the Boston Art CommissionThe Boston Art Commission is the oldest municipal art commission in the United States, established in 1890 to approve and site new public art on property owned by the City of Boston. It aims to engender and support a thriving artistic consciousness throughout Bostons many communities and neighborhoods.About the Mayor's Office of New Urban MechanicsThe Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics in Boston serves as the City's innovation incubator, building partnerships between internal agencies and outside entrepreneurs to pilot projects that address resident needs.About Orange Barrel MediaBased in Columbus, Ohio, Orange Barrel Media provides outdoor advertising across the country, including digital signs near Fenway Park and Boston's Innovation District. Their displays feature a blend of public service, arts, community content, and sponsored messages.
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the appointment of Austin Blackmon to serve as the Citys new Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space, succeeding Brian Swett when he steps down at the end of the year. This position oversees the Inspectional Services Department, the Environment Department, the Parks and Recreation Department, and the Office of Energy Policy and Programs.  I am excited to announce the addition of Austin Blackmon to my cabinet, as we continue to grow our focus on energy, environment, and sustainability across the City, said Mayor Walsh. Im grateful for the service of Brian Swett, who has had a powerful impact on the City in the areas of climate action and preparedness, historical preservation, open space planning, and ensuring the health and safety of rental housing.  It has been an honor and privilege to serve Boston in the Walsh and Menino administrations, said Brian Swett. Working with talented management and staff, I am proud of our efforts to make the City greener, healthier, safer, and more climate prepared for the decades to come.  Currently Blackmon serves as the Interim Head of Project Finance for Terraverde Renewable Partners, a clean energy consulting firm that advises schools, municipalities and companies on solar power, energy storage and alternative fuel projects. Previously, Blackmon worked for C12 Energy, which produces low-carbon energy through technical application of carbon dioxide sequestration. He has also consulted with U.S. Renewables Group, where he evaluated potential investments in waste recovery solutions by developing and presenting investment theses. Blackmon has also previously worked in Energy Investment Banking for Wells Fargo Securities, and advised organizational strategy with consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton. Blackmon is a graduate of Harvard College and received his M.B.A. from Harvard Business School, where he led the Harvard Council of Student Sustainability Leaders.  Brian Swett was appointed to this role in August 2012. During his tenure, Swett led a variety of major policy and program initiatives, including: developing and passing a rental housing inspection ordinance and a building energy disclosure ordinance launching Greenovate Boston, a sustainability education and outreach initiative spearheading the Citys climate preparedness initiatives and completing the 2014 update of Bostons Climate Action Plan. Boston is currently the highest-ranked city in the country for energy efficiency policies and programs by the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy. Swett also serves on the Executive Committee of the Boston Green Ribbon Commission.  ""Brian Swett's outstanding leadership and guidance within the Boston Green Ribbon Commission and the City at large has resulted in significant action on climate change in the public and private sectors,"" said Amos Hostetter, Co-Chair of the Boston Green Ribbon Commission. ""Working collaboratively with the business, civic, and institutional community, Brian has taken Boston's climate and sustainability agenda to the next level and established the City as a recognized global leader.""  "
The City of Boston today announced that two hours of free parking will be provided at the citys 8,000 metered spaces on select days this holiday season. Parking meters are conveniently located throughout Bostons Downtown, as well as in several of the citys residential neighborhoods that also host thriving commercial districts.The winter holidays are a great time to experience Boston, said Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh. People visit from around the world to dine, shop, visit our arts and cultural attractions, attend sporting events, or just take a stroll and soak up the holiday spirit. Offering free, curbside parking is one way that we are welcoming people to our city this holiday season.Two hours of free parking at metered spaces will be offered in Boston on the following days.1) Friday, November 282) Saturday, November 293) Saturday, December 64) Saturday, December 135) Saturday, December 20While payment at meters will not be required on these five days, the time limit on the meters will be in effect. The purpose of this is to allow as many drivers as possible a chance to take advantage of this opportunity.We are pleased to provide this incentive to Bostons residents and visitors, said James E. Gillooly, Interim Commissioner of the Boston Transportation Department. Bostons meters are located in some of the liveliest, most popular areas of the city, and free parking at them on weekends during the busy holiday season is a bonus that I encourage drivers to enjoy.The standard maximum time limit at the vast majority of Bostons meters is two hours. However, at a limited number of meters, it is indicated on the meter that parking is regularly allowed for a maximum of four hours. At these meters, four hours of free parking will be provided on these five days. Parking at meters in Boston is always free on Sundays and no maximum time limit is enforced.
With these additions, the Boston Cultural Council now includes representatives from every City Council District and Bostons wide array of arts and culture disciplines.These women and men volunteer their time to the Boston Cultural Council to help the City of Boston determine how best to allocate funds to arts and cultural organizations that improve the quality of life for all of us in Boston, said Mayor Walsh. We are very fortunate to have so much knowledge and experience on this years council. I am confident the Boston Cultural Council will help the City of Boston have an even greater impact now that we have increased support from City Hall by matching the Massachusetts Cultural Councils funding.The Boston Cultural Council has begun evaluating applications for the 2015 grant funding cycle and will announce recipients for grants totaling $320,000 in February. This year, the guidelines were revised:The three new Boston Cultural Council members include:Sarah Edrieis a Dorchester resident and graduate of Emerson College. Her arts advocacy started when she landed in Boston, fresh from the North Dakota farm where she grew up, and began a work-study job at the Cutler Majestic Theatre, helping to restore the old theatre to its present glory. Some nights people can find her alter ego, Edrie Edrie, playing the accordion for the local rock group Walter Sickert & the Army of Broken Toys.Ann Moritzis principal of Moritz Advisory Group where she has consulted to organizations with an emphasis on cultural and educational priorities. She co-designed the program Building Alliances across Race for Women Leaders. Ann serves on the Executive Committee of Commonwealth Compact, as well as the Steering Committee of Boston Busing/Desegregation Project. The annual Gospel Night at the Boston Pops began with the initiative of a BSO Diversity Committee that Ann helped design. Ann served as trustee for Outward Bound in Boston, where she developed and led the boards Diversity and Inclusion Committee. She devoted most of her 12+ years at the Boston Globe supervising its Human Relations operations. Ann serves as adjunct faculty at Lesley University.Shawn Radleyis the owner of Developing Artist Management and Talent Buyer for Kendall Concerts. He brings over 20 years experience in concert promotion, artist management and talent buying at all levels, having worked with local and regional artists as well as multi-platinum recording artists in all facets of their careers.Returning Boston Cultural Council members include Lisa Bello, Tory Bullock, Aubre Carren Aguilar, Sue Dahling Sullivan, Nia Grace, Stephanie Janes, Derek Lumpkins, Yvonne Ng, Abigail Norman, Chika Offurum, Yaritza Pena, and Priscilla Rojas.Boston Cultural Council: The Boston Cultural Council (BCC), under the umbrella of the Mayors Office of Arts + Culture, annually distributes funds allocated by the Massachusetts Cultural Council, a state agency, to support innovative arts, humanities, and interpretive sciences programming that enhances the quality of life in our city. The BCC is part of a network of 329 Local Cultural Councils serving all 351 cities and towns in the Commonwealth. The LCC Program is the largest grassroots cultural funding network in the nation, supporting thousands of community-based projects in the arts, sciences, and humanities every year. The state legislature provides an annual appropriation to the Massachusetts Cultural Council, which then allocates funds to each community. The BCC is comprised of 15 Boston residents appointed by Mayor Martin J. Walsh to serve for up to six years each. The BCC reviews applications during a series of fall meetings conducted to evaluate the overall quality of proposed programming and its potential benefit to diverse audiences in the neighborhoods of Boston. For more information, visit the Cultural Council website.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh celebrated the ribbon cutting of the Citys new Porous Alley along with the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection (MassDEP) Assistant Commissioner for Resource Protection, Bethany Card, the Charles River Watershed Association (CRWA), and Boston Groundwater Trust (BGwT).The reconstructed South End alleyway will be a living laboratory, helping reduce pollution from stormwater runoff while addressing groundwater issues in the neighborhood.Stormwater pollution and groundwater do not understand our municipal or property boundaries, and we must work together to address these challenges, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. I applaud the Charles River Watershed Association for their vision, MassDEP for helping fund this work, and the Citys Department of Public Works for implementing the new Porous Alley.Engineered by Vanasse Hangen Brustlin, Inc. (VHB) and completed this summer, the Porous Alley is located in Public Alley 543 between West Canton and Holyoke Streets. The project involved repaving a portion of the alley to add a porous asphalt section designed to capture stormwater from the surrounding area, enabling it to seep back into the ground and recharge groundwater levels.The South End Porous Alley is the Citys second green alley, the first of which was completed in partnership the Boston Architectural College in the Back Bay.Polluted stormwater is the primary culprit affecting some of our water bodies, and we are all seeking cost-efficient ways to address the problem. Re-creating the natural processes that filter stormwater is a particular adventure within the confines of a dense urban area, said Card. Success in managing Massachusetts urban stormwater is going to require innovation and good partnerships and with this project we are pleased to see both of those elements.The project was funded in part by a 319 Nonpoint Source Grant from MassDEP. The City of Boston provided the construction cost for the Alley as a project match. The South End alley was selected due to existing low groundwater levels in the area and its nearby connection to the storm drain, where both runoff volumes and water quality can be adequately monitored. The project will be monitored by CRWA, in coordination with BGwT for improvements in water quality and groundwater levels.This is a fantastic project that recreates nature by capturing rainwater and filtering it back into the ground said Bob Zimmerman, CRWA Executive Director. We applaud Boston for their leadership and for paving the way for many such porous alleys throughout the City that will reduce water pollution and flooding and enhance groundwater levels.The South End is served by combined sewers, which carry both sewage and stormwater. During heavy rainstorms, the sewers can become overwhelmed, causing untreated sewage and stormwater to overflow into local waterways. The Porous Alley will instead capture the stormwater, helping prevent these overflows.It then filters the stormwater into a large gravel-filled storage area below, where it slowly seeps into the ground, recharging groundwater levels, which is important for maintaining the structural integrity of the buildings. Many buildings in the South End, as in other Boston neighborhoods, are supported by wood pilings that can rot when exposed to air. Strategies such as these are critical approaches to preparing for climate change in urban areas.The Porous Alley Project is part of CRWAs Blue Cities Initiative, a water-centric urban design and planning approach that promotes the use of green infrastructure to restore the natural hydrology to the urban environment. Learn more atwww.charlesriver.org/blue-cities.  
"I commend President Barack Obama on this Executive Order, and in Boston, we are fully prepared to carry out every directive from the White House to support Boston's immigrant community. Our City has been at the forefront of strong immigrant integration. Since the start of my Administration, we have: hosted a Citizenship Day, enabling nearly 200 new Americans to apply for citizenship held a Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Day to assist students in pursuing their education goals and launched an Immigrant Integration and Empowerment Initiative.As a son of immigrant parents, I am familiar with the vulnerabilities experienced by immigrant families. This means a lot to me, personally. I know that immigrant families simply want to be treated like members of our community, because thats who they are.""We are changing the paradigm through full integration and empowering immigrants and everyone to help make our communities stronger. Our Office of New Bostonians will continue to work with our community and government partners on how we might best serve our immigrant residents through the action taken by President Obama today."""
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh hosted more than a dozen representatives from Bostons startup community at City Hall as part of Bostons local celebration of Global Entrepreneurship Week. Attendees included company owners and managers of small business incubators, and members of the Mayors staff focused on tech and innovation. The discussion centered on how the Walsh administration can be more supportive of the startup community, and the innovation sectors important and ongoing contribution to Bostons economy. Prior to the meeting, Mayor Walsh toured the new location of the Cambridge Innovation Center, a coworking facility providing office space for startups, small companies, and nonprofits, at 50 Milk Street in Bostons Financial District.The Innovation District is thriving, and its because Boston has the entrepreneurs and investors committed to Boston and our startup economy, said Mayor Walsh. Innovation knows no boundaries, and this active community has grown far beyond Downtown, taking root across our neighborhoods and in the very spirit of our City.""Mayor Walsh was joined by representatives of the Cambridge Innovation Center (CIC) Boston, Highland Capital, MassChallenge, District Hall, WeWork, HourlyNerd, Coalition Boston, Smarter in the City, Workbar, Localytics, and Streetwise Media. A number of Walsh Administration leaders -- including representatives from the Mayor's Office, Department of Innovation Technology, the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, the Economic Development cabinet, Onein3, and others -- also participated in this dialogue.On Wednesday, the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics collaborated with Orange Barrel Media on a celebration of PitchBoston winners at District Hall in the Innovation District. Six local startups debuted their 20 second videos highlighting their local company in the City of Boston. The videos will be featured on the large electronic billboard at District Hall for the next six months.The winning companies of PitchBoston include:The Awesome Foundation-funding creative people doing creative things.CoachUp, Inc. - connecting athletes with private coaches to change lives through sports.Greycork- a local furniture designer and manufacturing company.Grove Labs- providing aquaponic food systems for the home.Kinvey- helping enterprises, agencies, and developers launch more successful and engaging apps.Ovuline- a pregnancy tracker that helps couples conceive faster and maintain healthier pregnancies.The six companies were selected from a pool of 30 applicants. Representatives of the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics, Economic Development, the Boston Redevelopment Authority, Orange Barrel Media, and District Hall chose the winning entries."
Boston Public Library locations host events for readers of all ages this December, including childrens book club meetings, author talks, and book sales. Highlights include:About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced five appointments to a reconstituted City of Boston Compensation Advisory Board.I have full confidence in the judgment and expertise of the members of this board, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. They will look at every parameter affecting salaries for elected and appointed officials, to fulfill the publics expectation of both top talent and sound fiscal management. Nobody wants to put public officials in the position of having to set and vote on their own salaries, least of all the officials themselves. A neutral and research-driven mechanism is essential. The Compensation Advisory Board was designed to provide this service and, reconstituted and re-empowered, thats what it will provide.The Board will be tasked with ensuring that adjustments of salaries and expenses for the City of Boston are reinforced by data and strategic assessments. The Compensation Advisory Board will be tasked with reviewing the School Committee, the Mayor, members of Boards, Commissions, and Authorities, and City officers whose compensation is set or subject to approval by the Mayor and City Council and other senior municipal officials.The strategic analysis conducted by the Compensation Advisory Board will include data gathered from other local municipalities and comparable cities across the nation. In an effort to establish long-term best practices and establish a comprehensive approach to all salary adjustment decisions for municipal officials not covered by collective bargaining agreements, this body will meet regularly and file an official report every two years.I am encouraged that the Mayor is reconstituting the Compensation Advisory Board and charging them with immediately addressing Council salaries, said Boston City Council President Bill Linehan. While an ordinance will still be required to set salaries, I look forward to their report and will await their findings before taking further action. I am pleased with the selection of the members of the board and the Mayors willingness to include Council recommendations.Ensuring that the City of Boston's employees and elected officials are receiving an appropriate salary that balances the great work that they do with the commitment to responsible spending for the taxpayers is of huge importance, said Deborah Shah, Chair of the Board. I'm honored to be appointed by Mayor Walsh as the Chair of the Board and I look forward to doing the kind of data-supported independent analysis that is crucial in providing insight to the City of Boston on appropriate compensation that will ensure Boston remains in the best possible position to attract and retain top talent and qualified leaders to serve the people of the City.The newly constituted Compensation Advisory Boards first meeting is tentatively scheduled for November 24, 2014. Their first agenda item is to begin an expedited analysis to advise on any adjustments to City Council salaries. A report on City Council salaries is expected by February.The members of the Compensation Advisory Board are as follows:Deborah Shahserved as Executive Vice President, Strategic Consulting, for Fidelity Investment's Brokerage Company. Shah was the President and Founder of Management Partners. For almost 20 years, she worked closely with senior managers dealing with organizational change and individual effectiveness. Her firm assisted some of the world's most important companies in planning and implementing major change efforts, including moves into new markets, turning around failing businesses, reorganizing and revitalizing staff, re-engineering key processes, and directing substantial shifts in corporate culture. Prior to founding Management Partners, Shah was the Director of Personnel for the National Broadcasting Company, where she was responsible for recruitment, compensation, organization design, performance management, and manpower planning. Before that she was in charge of management development, staffing, and training for Chase Manhattan Bank's Operations Division. She also served as Director of Mercatus LLC.AttorneyMichael Currywas elected President of the Boston Branch of the NAACP in November 2010, after over a decade of service. Since his election, more than 3,500 new members have joined the branch, monthly membership meetings are at capacity, and a younger generation of leaders has become active in the organization. He successfully executed a strategy to strengthen the influence and voice of the NAACP in the Greater Boston area by rebuilding partnerships and reengaging city officials. In February, Curry was elected to the NAACP National Board of Directors. Curry is also the Legislative Affairs Director and Senior Counsel for the Massachusetts League of Community Health Centers. In this role, Curry manages state and federal advocacy for the 49 community health centers throughout the Commonwealth, serving more than 850,000 patients in over 285 communities. Based on his work, he has been recognized locally and nationally for his leadership in health care policy and frequently requested as a panelist on the issue of health reform. Prior, Curry served as Senior Policy Advisor for Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Massachusetts, where he worked on the passage of the 2006 landmark Massachusetts Health Care Reform law, as well as initiatives aimed at ending health disparities. He also has over 20 years of experience in community relations, public affairs and internal communications.Carol Fulpis President and CEO of The Partnership, Inc., New Englands premier organization dedicated to leadership development and talent management solutions for professionals of color. Prior to her appointment to the Partnership, Fulp was the Senior Vice President of Corporate Responsibility and Brand Initiatives at John Hancock Financial. There she led the companys $12 million philanthropic giving program and created the largest corporate summer jobs program of its kind in the country. Given her leadership in business and public service, President Obama appointed Fulp as a Representative of the United States of America to the Sixty-fifth Session of the United Nations General Assembly. Fulp is an appointed trustee of the University of the Virgin Islands, the Boston Public Library, and the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library Foundation. She also serves on the board of directors of American Student Assistance Corporation, the Womens Leadership Board of the Harvard Kennedy School, and is the founding co-chair of the Massachusetts Conference for Women, the largest professional womens conference in the country, attracting 7,000 attendees each year.Amy E. Sheridanis a partner in the Tax Department of Sullivan & Worcester's Boston office. She concentrates her practice in the employee benefits and executive compensation area and is experienced in addressing documentation and compliance issues for welfare plans (including federal health care reform and HIPAA privacy and security requirements), qualified retirement plans and individual retirement accounts. She designs and reviews nonqualified deferred compensation arrangements, including for compliance with Internal Revenue Code Sections 409A and 457A. Ms. Sheridan is also experienced in analyzing ERISA prohibited transaction, fiduciary and reporting issues.William F. Sinnotthas nearly 30 years of legal experience as a line and supervisory municipal, state, and federal government attorney, as a successful private practitioner, and as a teacher and leader in the legal community. He advises and advocates for a diverse range of individuals and organizations including healthcare and pharmaceutical institutions and employees, contractors, universities, and government officers. Sinnott most recently served eight years as the Corporation Counsel of the City of Boston where he was head of the Law Department. In that capacity, he and his staff represented the City, the Mayor, the City Council, and all City Departments in all litigation and other legal matters. His law experience before that was principally as a prosecutor, including 11 years as an Assistant U.S. Attorney in Boston, during a period of which he served as Chief of the New England Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force. As an Assistant U.S. Attorney, Sinnott tried dozens of cases in federal court involving narcotics, gang, organized crime, weapons, and financial crime violations. While serving as a state prosecutor, Sinnott represented the Commonwealth in hundreds of matters before appellate and trial courts. As a private practitioner, Sinnott secured judgments totaling millions of dollars in several Superior Court trials. Bill has also had a distinguished military career spanning 32 years with the United States Marine Corps, from which he retired as a Colonel. This included active duty tours in Bosnia and Iraq, among other assignments.
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the appointment of Jeri Robinson to the Boston School Committee, the governing body of the Boston Public Schools. Robinson is currently the Vice President of Early Learning Initiatives at the Boston Childrens Museum, and brings decades of early education program development to the group. The 7-member Boston School Committee is responsible for defining the vision, mission and goals of the Boston Public Schools establishing and monitoring the annual operating budget hiring, managing and evaluating the Superintendent and setting and reviewing district policies and practices to support student achievement.Schools are the heart and soul of our communities, and we need strong and caring leaders on the Boston School Committee making the best choices for our students futures, said Mayor Walsh. Jeri Robinson is a longstanding member of Bostons education community who knows the learning landscape, and will be an important voice at the table.We look forward to welcoming Ms. Robinson to the Boston School Committee. Her expertise in early education will be invaluable as we look to expand opportunities for our youngest students, said Michael ONeill, Chair of the Boston School Committee.Im thrilled to be appointed by Mayor Walsh to the Boston School Committee, said Jeri Robinson. Learning opens the door to opportunity, and I will continue to strive to make the Boston Public Schools the best in the country, for children all the way from Pre-K to high school.Ms. Robinson started her career teaching in 1971 as a Pre-K teacher at the Highland Park Free School in Roxbury. In 1973 she began working at the Childrens Museum, and has held several positions at the influential institution during her more than 40-year career. From 1981 to 2013 Robinson was the Director of Early Childhood Programs at the museum, where she developed the first of its kind PlaySpace exhibit, designed to spark creativity in children up to age 3, and other programs, activities, workshops, and courses for preschool children, their parents and caregivers. Robinson has worked with museums, schools, prisons, libraries, and other organizations across the country, interested in developing PlaySpace-type programs.Robinson has held positions on a variety of boards and committees related to education, childhood development, and the arts. Most recently, Robinson has served as a member of the Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Education Leadership Council, as a co-chair of Thrive in 5, as a co-Chair of the City of Bostons Universal Pre-K Advisory Committee, and as a co-chair of Mayor Walshs Education Transition Committee.Robinson currently resides in Uphams Corner, Dorchester.Robinson will fill the spot on the Boston School Committee left vacant by the resignation of Margaret McKenna who resigned. Robinsons appointment is effective upon being sworn in by the Mayor. Other committee members include: Michael O'Neill, Chair Claudio Martinez, Vice-Chair Meg Campbell Dr. Hardin Coleman Rev. Gregory G. Groover, Sr., D.Min. and Michael Loconto.The seven members of the School Committee are Boston residents appointed by the Mayor of Boston to serve four-year staggered terms. Mayor Walsh made this appointment based on a list of candidates recommended by a 13-member Citizens Nominating Panel composed of parents, teachers, principals, and representatives of business and higher education. Under the legislation that established the appointed School Committee, ""the Mayor shall strive to appoint individuals who reflect the racial, ethnic, and socioeconomic diversity of the city."""
In collaboration with the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics, the Boston Transportation Department will be implementing parking policy changes in the Innovation District effective November 17, 2014. The upcoming modifications are based on data collected by the smart parking system implemented by Streetline, Inc. and previously put into effect in the Innovation District. Information collected from sensors embedded in the pavement on Seaport Boulevard, Congress Street, Summer Street and Boston Wharf Road indicates that adjusting the maximum parking time limits currently in effect at parking meters on Summer Street and Congress Street will better manage parking and traffic demand in this thriving Boston neighborhood.This is just one example where we are using technology as a tool to help the city manage a public resource more efficiently, said Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh. One of the benefits of the smart parking system in the Innovation District is, not only can the city make planning decisions with the data, but we can provide real-time on-street parking availability information to drivers through an app.The new parking meter policy provides for a four hour maximum time limit for meters located on the #350 through #425 blocks of Summer Street. Meters on the #250 block of Summer Street and the #300 block of Congress Street will change to a two hour maximum time limit. The cost of parking at all of these meters will continue to be $1.25 per hour.The purpose of the changes is to ensure that parking is more closely aligned with true utilization, to spur higher turnover at on-street parking spaces, and to help to promote parking availability for patrons of area businesses. Boston drivers can view real-time, on-street parking availability in the area by downloading the Parker app, available for Apple and Android, to their smartphone. Parkers voice guidance feature gives drivers a hands-free option for safe operation while driving.Boston Transportation Department Interim Commissioner James E. Gillooly said, The Innovation District parking modifications will have the added benefit of reducing the number of drivers circling the block looking for parking spaces, thereby decreasing traffic congestion and lessening motor vehicle impacts on air quality.We are thrilled to see customers like the City of Boston using the data to enact real change with the goal of improving mobility and ease of parking, said Zia Yusuf, President and CEO of Streetline, Inc. By collecting real-time data and providing actionable analytics, our hope is that we can help our customer take the first steps towards being a truly smart city.Members of the Innovation District business community are being informed that they can harness the data by installing ParkerMap on company websites. An embeddable map widget, ParkerMap displays the information that is seen in Parker, allowing visitors to the sites to easily assess nearby parking options. Local businesses are also being asked to educate their staff and visitors about the parking meter policy change as well as the parking technology available to Innovation District drivers.
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the appointment of Lauren Lockwood as Bostons first-ever Chief Digital Officer. In her role, Lockwood will unite and strengthen the City's digital assets, including web, e-government, video, and mobile platforms, and lead a digital team responsible for transforming citizen experience in three major areas: digital media, digital services, and digital engagement. The position is part of the Department of Innovation & Technology's (DoIT) leadership team and will report to the Chief Information Officer, Jascha Franklin-Hodge.Using digital solutions to drive efficiency in government is a cornerstone of my administration, said Mayor Walsh. The Chief Digital Officer will enhance the way we are communicating and doing business with residents online, making us a better, more responsive government.The Chief Digital Officer will reboot the digital face of Boston -- how we communicate, how we deliver services, and how we engage through digital channels, said Jascha Franklin-Hodge, Bostons Chief Information Officer. Lockwood has a strong track record of innovating solutions, and implementing them.Boston has a national reputation for its delivery of digital services., said Lauren Lockwood. Im thrilled to be a part of the team that takes the existing foundation to the next level.As Chief Digital Officer, Lockwood will take a full inventory of Bostons digital assets, and find new ways to connect citizens to their government using convenient digital channels. These assets include thecityofboston.govwebsite, the Citys cable television station, online transactions with the City such as paying parking tickets and reporting potholes, and social media channels.Lockwood, 28, is currently a product manager at local start up HourlyNerd. Previously she worked as an analyst at investment banking firm, Morgan Stanley, implementing strategic information technology processes. Lockwood has a B.A. from Vassar College and completed her M.B.A. at Harvard Business School in 2014. Lockwood will begin her position with the City of Boston as Chief Digital Officer in December.
Boston Public Library expanded its free digital magazine service by adding publications in a variety of genres including theNew Yorker,Wired, andBon Apptit, as well asArchitectural Digest, Brides, CondNast Traveler, andGQ. More than 130 magazines are available in English, Spanish, Chinese, Vietnamese, and Portuguese, with a new option to filter by language. Library cardholders can now also request a weekly email notification when new issues of favorite magazines are available to download.Boston Public Library began offering this popular digital magazine service in September 2013. Known as Zinio, the service is compatible with smartphones, tablets, and computers and features full-color magazines with intuitive navigation, keyword article search, and interactive audio and video elements. Library users log in with their Boston Public Library card and then create a library collection account and a Zinio.com reader account. In addition, users have the option of downloading a Zinio app.All titles are available for simultaneous access with no waiting periods or limits on number of checkouts. More information on the digital magazine service, along with getting started tips and check-out guides, is available on the Boston Public Library website atwww.bpl.org/collections/zinio.htm.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
"Presented by Highland Street Foundation, First Night Boston 2015 provides a communal moment for citizens to celebrate the spirit and communities of Boston and serves as an economic driver by providing opportunities to showcase the business, hospitality and cultural offerings of downtown Boston, during the holiday season. Through music, dance, theatre, visual art, spoken word, and interactive activities, the city showcases the diversity of Bostons neighborhoods.This years First Night features highlights including long-time favorite indie rock groupYo La Tengo, often referred to as ""the quintessential critics' band, who will perform in the Hynes Covention Cetner ballroom. This year the band celebrates 30 years together with the reissue of their 1993 albumPainful(Matador Rrecords) next month (December 2, 2014). In addition, in partnership with Berklee College of Music, First Night presentsPatty LarkinandDom Flemonsat the Berklee Performance Center. Patty Larkin, who received an honorary doctorate from Berklee, is a reverred singer-songwriter whos most recent albumStill Green, was released on Signature Sounds (2013). A founding member of African American string band Carolinia Chocolate Drops, multi-instrumentalist Dom Flemons plays banjo, guitar, harmonica, fife, bones, bass drum, snare drum and quills, in addition to singing.About Yo La TengoYo La Tengo is one of the most beloved and respected bands in America. For nearly thirty years, Ira Kaplan, Georgia Hubley and James McNew have enjoyed success entirely on their own terms  playing the worlds best concert halls, museums, and dives, dominating critics lists, doing a Simpsons theme, playing the Velvet Underground in I Shot Andy Warhol, sharing stages with some of the most important musicians of our time, and even creating a holiday tradition onto themselves with their yearly series of Hanukkah shows at Hoboken, New Jerseys legendary club Maxwells, from which theyve donated hundreds of thousands to charity.About Patty LarkinPatty Larkin redefines the boundaries of folk-urban pop music with her inventive guitar wizardry and uncompromising vocals and lyrics. Acoustic Guitar hails her soundscape experiments whileRolling Stonepraises her evocative and sonic shading. She has been described as riveting(Chicago Tribune), hypnotic (Entertainment Weekly) and a drop-dead brilliant performer (Performing Songwriter).Patty Larkin grew up in a musical and artistic family in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Descended from a long line of Irish American singers and taletellers, her mother was a painter, her sisters both musicians. She learned at a young age to appreciate the beauty of the arts. She began classical piano studies at age 7, and became swept up in the sounds of pop and folk in the 60s, teaching herself the guitar and experimenting with songwriting in high school. An English major, Larkin sang throughout her high school and college career, starting out in coffeehouses in Oregon and San Francisco. Upon graduation from the University of Oregon, she moved to Boston and devoted herself to music, busking on the streets of Cambridge and studying jazz guitar at Berklee College of Music and with Boston area jazz guitarists.Patty is the recipient of an Honorary Doctorate of Music from Berklee College of Music, where she is now an Artist in Residence. Patty has earned an eleven Boston Music Awards and has been honored by Bostons Mayor Thomas Menino with Patty Larkin Appreciation Day in recognition of her philanthropic Contributions to non-profit organizations.About Dom FlemmonsDom Flemons is the ""American Songster,"" pulling from traditions of old-time folk music to create new sounds. Having performed music professionally since 2005, he has played live for over one million people just within the past three years. As part of the Carolina Chocolate Drops, which he co-founded with Rhiannon Giddens and Justin Robinson, he has played at a variety of festivals spanning from the Newport Folk Festival to Bonnaroo, in addition to renowned venues such as the Grand Ole Opry.In July 2014, Dom released his third solo record with Music Maker Relief Foundation, and his first since leaving the Carolina Chocolate Drops.Prospect Hillfinds Flemons digging deeply into ragtime, Piedmont blues, spirituals, southern folk music, string band music, jug band music, fife and drum music, and ballads idioms with showmanship and humor, reinterpreting the music to suit 21st century audiences. He was featured on NPR'sFresh Air with Terry Grossand his new album has received praise fromThe Boston Globe, Paste Magazine, Living Blues Magazine,and more.In 2014, The City of Boston became custodian of First Night Boston, the largest and longest-running New Years Eve arts festival in the country. Each year from 1:00 p.m. to midnight on December 31, nearly one-million people gather in downtown Boston for a celebration that showcases over 1,000 artists in 200 performances and events at over two-dozen indoor and outdoor venues. First Night Boston features an afternoon Family Festival at the Hynes Convention Center, a Grand Procession parade that sweeps down Boylston Street, colossal ice sculptures that dot the citys landscape, and a dazzling ?reworks display to welcome the New Year. For nearly 40 years, First Night Boston has become a cherished Boston tradition and a signature event of the city.First Night is one of Bostons signature annual events, says Mayor Martin J. Walsh, in the same company as the Boston Marathon and Independence Day celebrations. Founded in 1976, by a group of artists and community activists, its the oldest and largest New Years arts festival in the world. Over the years, it has been replicated by over 250 cities and towns. While maintaining its accessibility and innovative spirit, First Night Boston will be an attraction for residents and visitors, supporting businesses in our local and regional economy.First Night Boston is a wonderful event, says Blake Jordan, Executive Director, Highland Street Foundation that provides access to the arts for Massachusetts families. With the Family Festival at the Hynes, to the Grand Procession parade, there is a great variety of fun family activities to choose from.Its an honor to help steward such a long-time, favorite Boston event, says Kenneth Brissettte, Director of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment. The upcoming First Night will attract amazing performers, and were thrilled to partner with so many of the citys businesses, cultural orginaizations, and hotels.First Night Boston 2015 Sponsors(as of November 10, 2014)Highland Street FoundationBank of AmericaState Street CorporationVerizonProctor & GambleLiberty MutualThe Riley FoundationThe Lynch FoundationHarvard Pilgrim HealthcareBlue Cross Blue Shield of MassachusettsMassachusetts Cultural CouncilSheraton Boston Hotel WBZ TVMore programming, additional button sales locations, and VIP ticket packages will be announced shortly. For more information, high resolution images, or interviews visitfirstnightboston.orgor contact Ami Bennitt atami.bennitt@gmail.com."
Boston Public Library is updating the range of technology it offers to library users citywide. Taking place now through the end of the calendar year is a series of upgrades to the technologies used by the public each day, including new pay-for-print service kiosks, desktop software upgrades with Windows 7 and Microsoft Office, and high-tech multifunction printing, copying, and scanning devices.The new service kiosks are one of the most noticeable additions to the twenty-four branches and the Central Library in Copley Square. The bright red kiosks are part of the librarys upgraded pay-for-print system and have several features, including the introduction of paying for printing via standard credit and debit cards. Boston Public Library cards will now store up to $21 for use on the system.The upgraded pay-for-print system offers the capability to submit print jobs from laptops on the Boston Public Library free WIFI network. The multifunction printer, copier, and scanners print in color accept USB drives and can scan directly to email. In addition, there is now an option to pay overdue fines at the service kiosks. Cardholders with an excess of $10 in outstanding fines will be prompted by the kiosks to speak with a library staff member before printing in order to discuss bringing their fines below the $10 threshold. Non-cardholders will be able to use a guest print pass.In addition to the new equipment being deployed at libraries citywide, there are also significant software upgrades being applied to the more than 800 free public-use computers in the Boston Public Library system. All computers will have upgraded operating systems, updated and new internet browsers, quick-links to career-related websites, and a range of creativity and productivity software. Free computer access time has been expanded citywide to 120 minutes per day per user, an increase from 60 minutes.The library is committed to providing up-to-date technology, said Vladimir Yampolsky, Director of Information Technology. These upgrades reflect not only a more stable infrastructure for the library, but they also respond to the many technology requests and suggestions we have received in recent years from our communities of users.In addition to upgrades to Windows 7 and Microsoft Office, Boston Public Library computers are in the process of being loaded with Google Chrome browser and Internet Explorer version 11 links to career sites such as Indeed.com, Monster.com, and Careerbuilder.com and software such as Adobe Reader, Paint.net, iTunes, QuickTime, Windows Media, and others.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the City of Boston has released a Request for Proposal (RFP) to operate the Roxbury Innovation Center that will be housed in the new Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building in Dudley Square. The RFP calls for an operator to provide a business incubator in the 3,350 square foot center, which would encourage collaboration, bold thinking, and new business development. The RFP also includes a request for community programming services in the buildings common areas. The Patrick Administration, through the Massachusetts Technology Collaborative, has committed $150,000 to support the operation of the Center and programming in the building.The Roxbury Innovation Center will launch new businesses and drive economic development from inside the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building that will spread into the surrounding community, said Mayor Walsh. The business incubator will attract local and new talent to the area to boost long-term economic health and wealth creation in Dudley Square, Roxbury, and beyond.""Innovation is the key to job growth in every community in the Commonwealth,"" said Governor Deval Patrick. ""I am excited for this new development in Dudley Square and proud to offer Mayor Walsh our support to make it happen.""The RFP calls for the Roxbury Innovation Center to include such assets as: business incubator space co-working space mentoring and coaching resources and programs formal and informal meeting space shared resources to facilitate communication and idea generation and common Wi-Fi, workstations, and other systems and facilities to support and accelerate small business creation and development.The Roxbury Innovation Center will be located on the second floor of the Bolling Building, which is slated to open in the first quarter of 2015. The selected operator will have access to shared conference rooms, two kitchenette spaces, and after hour building access. The initial lease will be for five years, with an option to renew for an additional five years.The Community Programming Services RFP calls for an imaginative and ambitious individual or nonprofit entity to maximize the use of the multitude of community spaces inside the Bolling Building. The goal is to activate areas such as meeting rooms, the lobby, and the roof deck with programming that fosters the communitys innovation network, supports the local idea economy, and that will benefit and bring in the surrounding Roxbury community.A Proposers Conference to answer any questions will be held November 13, 2014 at 6:00 p.m., at 22 Warren Street, Roxbury. Proposals are due December 3, 2014.Mayor Walsh announced plans for the Roxbury Innovation Center during his Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce speech in April 2014. In July 2014, a Request for Ideas (RFI) to gauge interest in the innovation community for programming the location was released and 16 applications were received in response. The Statements of Interest and other information gathered from the RFI process have informed this Request for Proposals (RFP) however, there is no formal connection between participation in the RFI process and in this RFP.About the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal BuildingThe Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building is slated to open in the first quarter of 2015, and incorporates the Ferdinand Furniture Building, the Curtis Block and the Waterman & Sons building, into a new state of the art facility. The six-story building will house an estimated 500 municipal employees from Boston Public Schools and feature office space, as well as open space for student work, school events, and community gatherings. The building will also include 18,000 square feet of street-level space, and the 3,350 square foot Roxbury Innovation Center.The City of Bostons $115 million investment in the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building has spurred private investment across Dudley Square. The building is a collaboration between the City of Bostons Property and Construction Management Department, and the Boston Redevelopment Authority working closely with the community and historic preservationists. The Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building was designed by Mecanoo architecten and Sasaki Associates. Shawmut Design and Construction served as the CM at-Risk contractor, with project management services being handled by PMA Consultants."
"Boston Emergency Medical Services will hold its 22nd annual awards banquet tomorrow November 7th, at 6 p.m. at the Venezia Restaurant, located at 20 Ericsson St. in Dorchester. The department, joined by Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Public Health Interim Commissioner Huy Nguyen, will reflect on another year of service to the residents and visitors of Boston, and honor emergency medical technicians and paramedics who distinguished themselves through heroic actions and meritorious service.""Our EMTs and paramedics are on the front lines, saving lives and keeping the people here safe and healthy,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""As a lifelong resident of the City, I've seen their incredible work first-hand, and I'm proud to support these first responders. This is our chance to thank them and recognize their service and accomplishments, and I'm honored to be a part of this event.""Because of the nature of our work, Boston EMS never pauses. Tonight, we are taking time to reflect and honor our own, said Chief James Hooley. I am very proud of the work of our EMS personnel, and not just on the large scale calls or disasters that you might hear about on the news. Our EMTs, paramedics and support services staff answer the call more than 116,000 times a year providing high quality and efficient pre-hospital care.Mayor Walsh will present the Departments highest awards for high-quality patient care and valor. The Lifesaving Medal will be presented to EMT Raphael Hernandez, a 26-year veteran of Boston EMS, for saving the life of a Boston Triathlon participant. The Medal of Valor will be awarded to EMT James McCabe, who has been with the Department for 9 years, for saving the life of a person found floating in the Charles River.The Departments highest award for valor, the Medal of Honor, will be presented to EMTs Kevin Coan and Cameron Walsh for their quick and heroic actions to save a person threatening to jump off a fire escape. EMTs Coan and Walsh have each been with Boston EMS for 7 years.In total, 58 honors will be awarded to department members, as well as 4 civilians being recognized at the ceremony.To learn more about Boston EMS, visitwww.cityofboston.gov/EMS, and follow the latest news of the department onFacebookandTwitter.Media guidance for the night of the ceremony and full citations for the awards are listed below:Guidance for the Media: Photo/Video OpportunityWhat: Boston EMS Annual Awards CeremonyWhere: Venezia Restaurant, 22 Ericsson Street, Dorchester, MA 02122When: Friday, November 7, 2014Note: The Mayor will present the three top awards forvalorstarting approximately at 7 pmOn-site contact:McKenzie Ridings, 617-530-0186Award Citations and Background:LIFESAVING MEDAL:Awarded to members of the Service who are directly responsible for saving a human life through the professional application of life support in an unusual situation and under extreme or adverse conditions.Assigned to the Boston Triathlon, EMT Raphael Hernandez showed great situational awareness by spotting a swimmer during the swimming portion of the competition who seemed to be in distress. After relaying his observations over the radio, he took immediaterescue action by entering the water, extricating the swimmer and initiating resuscitative efforts.MEDAL OF VALOR:Awarded to any member of the Service who distinguishes himself or herself by extraordinary heroism not justifying the award of a Medal of Honor. The act or acts of heroism must have been so notable and involved risk of life so extraordinary as to set the individual apart from his or her comrades.EMT James McCabe responded to a report of a person down along the banks of the Charles River. Upon arrival, EMT McCabe, who was training two EMT-Recruits at the time, realized the person was in the water. After updating operations, EMT McCabe rushed into the river, dragged the patient to a shallower point of the River, where it was safe for the EMT-Recruits to help get the patient to shore, and then transported to a hospital. Without the heroic actions EMT James McCabe, the man would not be alive today.MEDAL OF HONOR:Awarded to any member of the Service who distinguishes himself or herself conspicuously by gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his or her life above and beyond the call of duty. The deedperformed must have been one of personal bravery or self-sacrifice so conspicuous as to clearlydistinguish the individual above his or her comrades and must have involved risk of life.EMTs Coan and Walsh responded to a Boston Police Department request for assistance for an individual attempting to jump off of a fire escape. Upon arrival, EMTs Coan and Walsh were able to subdue the patient, preventing him from falling to the ground, while risking their own lives and going above and beyond the call of duty to prevent the patient from harming himself.According to their Shift Commander, Deputy Superintendent Edmund Hassan, EMTs Walsh and Coan exemplify the values of Boston EMS, many times risking their own safety to help a patient in need. The humble, veteran crew quietly takes care of business, clear the call, and continues on, helping the residents of Boston. When asked, Deputy Hassan described them as Quiet Excellence."
The Boston Transportation Department is reminding drivers that City of Boston-issued resident parking permits for the North End will expire on Sunday, November 30, 2014. Notices have been sent to current permit holders advising them of the process for renewing their permits by mail, on-line, or in person at City Hall. To further ensure the convenience of the resident parking permit process, residents may also apply to renew an existing permit, or apply for a new permit, at Bostons City Hall to Go truck, which will be stationed in the neighborhood each week during the month of November. The permit will then be mailed in 3-5 business days.The City Hall to Go trucks upcoming schedule is as follows.North End:To renew a resident parking permit at the truck, residents must make available their current permit number, and their Massachusetts Motor Vehicle Registration. If renewing for a leased vehicle or company car, the current Massachusetts motor vehicle registration, indicating that the vehicle is principally garaged in Boston, must also be provided. To request a new permit, the resident must present a completed City of Boston resident parking permit application, the vehicles Massachusetts motor vehicle registration, and current proof of residency (within the last 30 days) in the form of a major credit card bill, utility bill, or monthly bank statement with the same name and address as on the vehicle registration.In addition, to both renew and apply for a new resident parking permit, residents must first pay any overdue City of Boston parking violations. Payments may be made by telephone with MasterCard or Visa by dialing (617)-635-3888 via the web atwww.cityofboston.gov/parking or in person at the Office of the Parking Clerk, Room 224, Boston City Hall.Vehicles displaying resident parking permits are allowed to park in spaces designated Resident Permit Parking Only. Vehicles parked in violation of the resident parking regulations are subject to a $40 fine.
"Polls opened at 7:00 a.m. for the 2014 State General election.Please see the attached spreadsheet for up-to-date numbers by Ward and Precinct.The City of Boston has well over the number of ballots to satisfy each of the more than 380,000 registered voters eligible to participate. Of the over 1,700 election officers working the polls, over 400 are fluent in second languages. Boston has a total of 255 precincts at over 150 polling locations.All precincts will have English/Spanish ballots. English/Chinese and English/Vietnamese ballots will be available in precincts where the population requires them. Interpreters will be available to assist voters in Chinese (both Mandarin and Cantonese dialects), Vietnamese, Haitian Creole, Cape Verdean and Russian as well as a number of other languages, at locations across the City. Inquiries regarding voter status made by email to the Boston Election Department should include the voters name, date of birth, and any associated residential addresses to ensure timely responses. The email address for the Boston Election Department iselection@boston.govand the telephone number is 617-635-3767.For more information about the election, go to:www.cityofboston.gov/elections. To find out where you vote, click on ""Voter Registration Search."" Voters who are listed inactive because they have moved to a new address within Boston should return to the polling location of their last registered address in order to vote. For voters outside Boston, the Secretary of the Commonwealth also provides a voter registration searchwww.wheredoivotema.com.REPORTER NOTESReporters are reminded that there are certain rules that must be followed in order to ensure a smooth voting process for voters as well as their privacy. The rules are:The following locations for b-roll shots are recommended:The City of Boston Election Department will also be available for b-roll shots starting at 7:30 AM. Election results for the City of Boston will be posted online atwww.boston.govin real time as the results are delivered back to City Hall after the polls close."
"Today, the Board of Election Commissioners for the City of Boston released plans for tomorrows 2014 State General election.The City of Boston has well over the number of ballots to satisfy each of the more than 380,000 registered voters eligible to participate tomorrow. Of the over 1,700 election officers working tomorrow, over 400 are fluent in second languages. Boston has a total of 255 precincts at over 150 polling locations which will be open from 7:00 AM to 8:00 PM.All precincts will have English/Spanish ballots. English/Chinese and English/Vietnamese ballots will be available in precincts where the population requires them. Interpreters will be available to assist voters in Chinese (both Mandarin and Cantonese dialects), Vietnamese, Haitian Creole, Cape Verdean, and Russian as well as a number of other languages, at locations across the City.Inquiries regarding voter status made by email to the Boston Election Department should include the voters name, date of birth, and any associated residential addresses to ensure timely responses. The email address for the Boston Election Department iselection@boston.govand the telephone number is 617-635-3767.For more information about tomorrows election, go to:www.cityofboston.gov/elections. To find out where you vote, click on ""Voter Registration Search."" Voters who are listed inactive because they have moved to a new address within Boston should return to the polling location of their last registered address in order to vote. For voters outside Boston, the Secretary of the Commonwealth also provides a voter registration searchwww.wheredoivotema.com.REPORTER NOTESReporters are reminded that there are certain rules that must be followed in order to ensure a smooth voting process for voters as well as their privacy.The rules are:The following locations for b-roll shots are recommended:The City of Boston Election Department will also be available for b-roll shots starting at 7:30 AM. Election results for the City of Boston will be posted online atwww.boston.govin real time as the results are delivered back to City Hall after the polls close."
To accommodate services for former Boston Mayor Thomas M. Menino, taking place on Sunday, November 2, and Monday, November 3, the following temporary parking restrictions will be implemented in the City of Boston.Tow Zone No Stopping Sunday 12:01AM to Monday 12NoonTow Zone No Stopping Monday 12:01AM to 3PMStreets adjacent to the church will be closed, as well as Central Ave. which is adjacent to the Hyde Park Community Center. Other temporary closures of minor streets may be made to support the activities related to the funeral.Tow Zone No Stopping Monday 12:01AM to 3PM Media Only
City Hall will be open today until 6:00 p.m. for members of the public. On Sunday, City Hall will remain open while Mayor Thomas M. Menino lies in state, for the duration of the public event.Mayor Walsh will have no additional public events today through Monday.Guidance for media is available online:http://tommenino.org/media/Parking & TransportationA number of parking restrictions will be in place for Sunday and Monday. Parking restriction signs will be posted in affected areas throughout the City. Streets adjacent to the church will be closed, as well as Central Ave. which is adjacent to the Hyde Park Community Center, on Monday, November 3. Other temporary closures of minor streets may be made to support the activities related to the funeral.Members of the public are strongly encouraged to use public transportation.Tow Zone No Stopping, Sunday 12:01 a.m., to Monday 12:00 noon:Tow Zone No Stopping, Monday 12:01 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.:Tow Zone No Stopping, Media Only, Monday 12:01 a.m. to 3:00 pm.:Sunday, November 2On Sunday, starting at 9:40 a.m., Mayor Walsh will lead a procession of elected officials from City Hall to Faneuil Hall to open the wake. Officials will include: all of the Boston City Council City Mayors from across the Commonwealth Suffolk County law enforcement State House leadership members of the federal delegation Boston legislators state representatives and senators from across the Commonwealth and Mayors from across the U.S.Members of the public will be welcomed in to Faneuil Hall starting at 10:00 a.m. Guidelines for members of the public who wish to pay their respects:For complete, up-to-date guidelines, visit:http://tommenino.org/arrangements/.Monday, November 3On Monday, a funeral procession for Mayor Thomas M. Menino will depart Faneuil Hall for Most Precious Blood Parish in Hyde Park.View Map of RouteThe procession will pass a number of places of significance: Boston City Hall, Parkman House, Boston University/Kenmore Square, Fenway Park, Dudley Square, Grove Hall, Franklin Park, Bowdoin and Geneva, Mattapan Library, and Roslindale Square. Full information, including explanations for each location, is included online:http://tommenino.org/arrangements/. Members of the public are encouraged to line the procession route.A private funeral mass will commence at 12:00 p.m. at Most Precious Blood Parish. A large screen will be available on City Hall Plaza for members of the public who wish to view the funeral mass.
"Today the City of Boston mourns together.To any who had come to know him, it is no surprise that more than half of Boston had a direct interaction with Tom Menino. No man possessed a greater love for our City, and his dedicated life in service to Boston and her people changed the face of the City.""With sheer determination and unmatched work ethic, he took a city that is not as big in size as we are in stature and put us on the world stage as a national leader in health care, education, innovation and the nitty gritty of executing basic city services.""He was a leader on policy issues that shaped the Boston we know today: from the environment, to youth engagement, to innovation, to crime prevention. But more than anything, he was a man of the neighborhoods. He held a profound understanding of the direct and immediate impact that municipal government can have on people, and made it a great priority to ensure that government served people, and not the other way around.""Even in the latest stages of his illness, his concern  first and foremost  was always for Boston. We are forever grateful for Mayor Meninos guidance, advice, and continued dedication to Boston. And though he has passed, his legacy and spirit will be felt across the City for generations to come.""Because of his leadership, Boston is a better place today.""From a grateful City: Our prayers are with Angela, Susan and Tommy, their families and friends, and all who loved Tom Menino."""
The announcement also marked the kickoff of an international design competition focused on climate preparedness, as well as an update of the City of Bostons ongoing climate efforts.There is no issue more urgent than climate action. When we work together, the steps we take do more than protect us: they can bring us closer together, they can create good jobs, they can improve our health, our public space, and our civic life, said Mayor Walsh. I look forward to working closely with the MAPC, the Metro Mayors Coalition, and the Commonwealth on this critical issue.The half-day summit, which will be held at the University of Massachusetts Boston next spring, is a first-of-its-kind convening on regional climate preparedness and will establish a mechanism for coordination of regional, cross-government action going forward. It will include regional and state agencies such as MassPort, MassDOT, and the Massachusetts Water Resources Authority (MWRA), as well as Mayors from the Metropolitan Area Planning Councils (MAPC) Metro Mayors Coalition. The Metro Mayors Coalition includes Boston, Cambridge, Chelsea, Everett, Malden, Melrose, Medford, Quincy, Revere, Somerville, Brookline, Winthrop, and Braintree.Our cities share infrastructure, our residents cross borders every day between work and home, and our natural resourcesrivers, wildlife, coastlinesintersect our region. We are one region and neither the Atlantic Ocean nor the weather will respect municipal boundaries, said Somerville Mayor Joseph A. Curtatone. We will be more resilient when we share common principles and work toward shared goals. This summit is an opportunity to ask how we can use a shared understanding of climate science to make smart decisions about our shared infrastructure, to engage our common stakeholders, and challenge ourselves to take a broad look at our climate threats and not adapt but mitigate our impact on climate change.It is essential that communities in the Boston metropolitan area work together on climate change, said Richard C. Rossi, Cambridge City Manager. Climate change is creating new stresses on our communities, and while we are individually doing a lot within our borders, what is missing is a regional strategy.Climate change is a threat that municipalities throughout our region are already confronting. Chelsea, a coastal city, knows this is not a challenge we can face alone, and we are excited to work with our partners in the Metro Mayors Coalition to find common solutions, said Chelsea City Manager Jay Ash. The effort were launching today will ensure that all communities are aware of the effects that climate change will likely bring to the region, and will empower us with the tools we need to be prepared.The impacts of climate change do not respect municipal boundaries, said Marc Draisen, Executive Director of the Metropolitan Area Planning Council (MAPC). Its incredibly important that all of the cities and towns in Greater Boston work together to address issues like sea level rise, coastal flooding, and rising temperatures. Cooperation and planning are the keys to success.The announcement was made at the Architecture Boston Expo (ABX) 2014, hosted by the Boston Society of Architects (BSA), and coincided with the kickoff of the international design competition Boston Living with Water. The competition is being led by the Boston Redevelopment Authority, the Mayors Office of Environment, Energy and Open Space, the BSA, and the Boston Harbor Association.The competition invites multi-disciplinary teams to submit design solutions to sea-level rise for three sites in the City that will help better prepare the site and the surrounding community for climate change. The three sites are located in the North End, Fort Point Channel, and Morrissey Boulevard. The competition will conclude in the spring, with a first place prize of $20,000. It is funded through a grant from the Massachusetts Office of Coastal Zone Management, and the Barr Foundation. Details about the design competition can be found atwww.bostonlivingwithwater.org.These announcements build on the City of Bostons ongoing climate preparedness efforts. A year ago,the City releasedthe report,Climate Ready Boston: Municipal Vulnerability to Climate Change, which was a cross-departmental effort led by the Mayors Office of Environment, Energy, and Open Space.Last years vulnerability assessment was a critical step to making Bostons municipal operations more prepared for the impacts of climate change, said Brian Swett, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space. We continue to build on this study and take action across all departments to ensure we are prepared for the future climate.The report identified the Citys vulnerabilities to climate change in order to help departments take action to prepare. In the past year, the City has made significant progress on reducing these vulnerabilities, especially in the areas of emergency response, extreme heat preparedness, flood and stormwater management, capital planning, and community engagement. Efforts include:Backup power at emergency shelters: As a result of $1.32 million ingrant funding from the Commonwealth, four emergency shelters will be getting solar photovoltaic (PV) arrays to provide at least three days of backup power during an emergency. In addition, the Office of Emergency Management (OEM) and Boston Centers for Youth and Families (BCYF) are conducting an Emergency Generator Study to outfit four BCYF Community Centers with emergency generators.Facility improvements to address extreme heat: BCYF has purchased tents and water access (sprinklers) to help handle extreme heat at outdoor programming sites during the summer. In addition, the BCYF Paris Street Community Center capital project includes installation of an emergency generator and air conditioning throughout the building, allowing the facility to serve as a cooling center.Increased food resilience: With funding from the Kendall Foundation and the Urban Sustainability Directors Network, the Mayors Office of Food Initiatives has recently commissioned a team to complete a city-wide food resilience study. The Department of Neighborhood Development also continues its efforts to transform vacant lots into urban agriculture.Flooding and stormwater management: A number of green infrastructure projects that help mitigate flooding have recently been completed or are underway.Boston Transportation Department completed construction of Bostons firstgreen municipal parking lots.The Public Works Department worked with the Charles River Watershed Association and the Boston Groundwater Trust to repave an alley in the South End withporous pavement.The Parks Department is finalizing the2015-2021 Open Space Plan, which incorporates climate preparedness.Increased education and awareness: Greenovate Boston, Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC), and OEM have teamed up to deliver concerted messaging during National Preparedness Month. This included the launch of anew webpagewith daily tips, as well as a community preparedness event that attracted over 200 residents.Better prepared buildings and development:The BRA has implemented a mandatoryclimate preparedness questionnaireas part of the Article 80 development review process. So far over 60 projects have completed this new requirement.The Mayors new Housing 2030 plan incorporates climate preparedness goals and actions.?This fall, the City added a new partner to its property insurance team. FM Global is an international, mutual-insurance firm with a focus on loss-prevention engineering. FM Global will work with the City to identify and prioritize solutions for risks to the Citys 33 largest buildings, and contribute loss-prevention expertise to the Citys building design processes. The risks of flooding and high winds, which will increase with climate change, are priorities at FM Global. Through this partnership, the City gains research and engineering expertise to help address these risks.These efforts, along with future actions to better prepare the community, will be part of the2014 Climate Action Plan Update, which will be released the second week of November for public comment. Interested parties may view and comment on the draft strategies and actions currently posted atEngage.GreenovateBoston.org.
Traffic signals at 62 locations in Bostons Back Bay are in the process of being retimed as part of a Boston Transportation Department program designed to ensure that equipment settings at the citys 841 signalized intersections meet the existing demand from all users of local streets. The Back Bay phase of the program began in September and is expected to be completed by next spring.Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh said, Taking proactive steps to upgrade traffic signal timing so that it meets the current travel needs of pedestrians, cyclists and drivers, is a smart and resourceful operational plan. Updating the coordination of our traffic signals will improve safety, reduce congestion and help us to meet our environmental goals.The objective of signal timing is to respond to the demands of motor vehicles, pedestrians and bicycles in an optimal manner, said Interim Boston Transportation Department Commissioner James E. Gillooly. This includes establishing a balanced scheduled that provides a sufficient amount of time for all users to travel through intersections and on streets safely and efficiently.As part of the process, an assessment is made to collect data on the following existing factors:In addition to field observations, the data is entered into Synchro, a traffic simulation and optimization software, where a model of the intersection and/or roadway is created that is then calibrated to match existing conditions. Traffic engineers enhance the traffic signal timing by adjusting signal cycle lengths, the amount of green time given to motorists and bicyclists traveling on each street, vehicle clearances and the amount of time required for pedestrians to cross. The federal government has recently mandated the use of a slower walking speed from 4 feet per second to 3.5 feet per second to calculate pedestrian crossing time. This will result in a slightly longer crossing time depending on the length of the crosswalk.Adjustments will also be made to update the synchronization using new traffic data. The goal is to improve the progression along city streets while minimizing the number of stops and delays for all users.On average, signal timing updates typically reap the following benefits:The new traffic signal timings for the Back Bay will be entered into a database at BTDs Traffic Management Center. The Traffic Management Center provides engineers with the ability to control traffic signals remotely from City Hall. The effect of the new timings will be monitored via both field observations and video feed from traffic cameras, and BTD will fine-tune the new signal timings as appropriate.
The announcement also marked the kickoff of an international design competition focused on climate preparedness, as well as an update of the City of Bostons ongoing climate efforts.There is no issue more urgent than climate action. When we work together, the steps we take do more than protect us: they can bring us closer together, they can create good jobs, they can improve our health, our public space, and our civic life, said Mayor Walsh. I look forward to working closely with the MAPC, the Metro Mayors Coalition, and the Commonwealth on this critical issue.The half-day summit, which will be held at the University of Massachusetts Boston next spring, is a first-of-its-kind convening on regional climate preparedness and will establish a mechanism for coordination of regional, cross-government action going forward. It will include regional and state agencies such as MassPort, MassDOT, and the Massachusetts Water Resources Authority (MWRA), as well as Mayors from the Metropolitan Area Planning Councils (MAPC) Metro Mayors Coalition. The Metro Mayors Coalition includes Boston, Cambridge, Chelsea, Everett, Malden, Melrose, Medford, Quincy, Revere, Somerville, Brookline, Winthrop, and Braintree.Our cities share infrastructure, our residents cross borders every day between work and home, and our natural resourcesrivers, wildlife, coastlinesintersect our region. We are one region and neither the Atlantic Ocean nor the weather will respect municipal boundaries, said Somerville Mayor Joseph A. Curtatone. We will be more resilient when we share common principles and work toward shared goals. This summit is an opportunity to ask how we can use a shared understanding of climate science to make smart decisions about our shared infrastructure, to engage our common stakeholders, and challenge ourselves to take a broad look at our climate threats and not adapt but mitigate our impact on climate change.It is essential that communities in the Boston metropolitan area work together on climate change, said Richard C. Rossi, Cambridge City Manager. Climate change is creating new stresses on our communities, and while we are individually doing a lot within our borders, what is missing is a regional strategy.Climate change is a threat that municipalities throughout our region are already confronting. Chelsea, a coastal city, knows this is not a challenge we can face alone, and we are excited to work with our partners in the Metro Mayors Coalition to find common solutions, said Chelsea City Manager Jay Ash. The effort were launching today will ensure that all communities are aware of the effects that climate change will likely bring to the region, and will empower us with the tools we need to be prepared.The impacts of climate change do not respect municipal boundaries, said Marc Draisen, Executive Director of the Metropolitan Area Planning Council (MAPC). Its incredibly important that all of the cities and towns in Greater Boston work together to address issues like sea level rise, coastal flooding, and rising temperatures. Cooperation and planning are the keys to success.The announcement was made at the Architecture Boston Expo (ABX) 2014, hosted by the Boston Society of Architects (BSA), and coincided with the kickoff of the international design competition Boston Living with Water. The competition is being led by the Boston Redevelopment Authority, the Mayors Office of Environment, Energy and Open Space, the BSA, and the Boston Harbor Association.The competition invites multi-disciplinary teams to submit design solutions to sea-level rise for three sites in the City that will help better prepare the site and the surrounding community for climate change. The three sites are located in the North End, Fort Point Channel, and Morrissey Boulevard. The competition will conclude in the spring, with a first place prize of $20,000. It is funded through a grant from the Massachusetts Office of Coastal Zone Management, and the Barr Foundation. Details about the design competition can be found atwww.bostonlivingwithwater.org.These announcements build on the City of Bostons ongoing climate preparedness efforts. A year ago,the City releasedthe report,Climate Ready Boston: Municipal Vulnerability to Climate Change, which was a cross-departmental effort led by the Mayors Office of Environment, Energy, and Open Space.Last years vulnerability assessment was a critical step to making Bostons municipal operations more prepared for the impacts of climate change, said Brian Swett, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space. We continue to build on this study and take action across all departments to ensure we are prepared for the future climate.The report identified the Citys vulnerabilities to climate change in order to help departments take action to prepare. In the past year, the City has made significant progress on reducing these vulnerabilities, especially in the areas of emergency response, extreme heat preparedness, flood and stormwater management, capital planning, and community engagement. Efforts include:Backup power at emergency shelters: As a result of $1.32 million ingrant funding from the Commonwealth, four emergency shelters will be getting solar photovoltaic (PV) arrays to provide at least three days of backup power during an emergency. In addition, the Office of Emergency Management (OEM) and Boston Centers for Youth and Families (BCYF) are conducting an Emergency Generator Study to outfit four BCYF Community Centers with emergency generators.Facility improvements to address extreme heat: BCYF has purchased tents and water access (sprinklers) to help handle extreme heat at outdoor programming sites during the summer. In addition, the BCYF Paris Street Community Center capital project includes installation of an emergency generator and air conditioning throughout the building, allowing the facility to serve as a cooling center.Increased food resilience: With funding from the Kendall Foundation and the Urban Sustainability Directors Network, the Mayors Office of Food Initiatives has recently commissioned a team to complete a city-wide food resilience study. The Department of Neighborhood Development also continues its efforts to transform vacant lots into urban agriculture.Flooding and stormwater management: A number of green infrastructure projects that help mitigate flooding have recently been completed or are underway.Boston Transportation Department completed construction of Bostons firstgreen municipal parking lots.The Public Works Department worked with the Charles River Watershed Association and the Boston Groundwater Trust to repave an alley in the South End withporous pavement.The Parks Department is finalizing the2015-2021 Open Space Plan, which incorporates climate preparedness.Increased education and awareness: Greenovate Boston, Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC), and OEM have teamed up to deliver concerted messaging during National Preparedness Month. This included the launch of anew webpagewith daily tips, as well as a community preparedness event that attracted over 200 residents.Better prepared buildings and development:The BRA has implemented a mandatoryclimate preparedness questionnaireas part of the Article 80 development review process. So far over 60 projects have completed this new requirement.The Mayors new Housing 2030 plan incorporates climate preparedness goals and actions.?This fall, the City added a new partner to its property insurance team. FM Global is an international, mutual-insurance firm with a focus on loss-prevention engineering. FM Global will work with the City to identify and prioritize solutions for risks to the Citys 33 largest buildings, and contribute loss-prevention expertise to the Citys building design processes. The risks of flooding and high winds, which will increase with climate change, are priorities at FM Global. Through this partnership, the City gains research and engineering expertise to help address these risks.These efforts, along with future actions to better prepare the community, will be part of the2014 Climate Action Plan Update, which will be released the second week of November for public comment. Interested parties may view and comment on the draft strategies and actions currently posted atEngage.GreenovateBoston.org.
"With the State Election fast approaching, the Boston Election Department offers the following tips to help ease the process for both voters and poll workers alike. Voters with any questions or concerns should contact the Election Department at 617-635-3767 orelection@boston.gov.VOTE AT NON-PEAK HOURSLines are always longest in the morning and from 4:00 p.m. until the close of the polls. Hours between 11:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. are the least crowded.Polling locations in Boston are open from 7:00 a.m. until 8:00 p.m., or until the last voter in line at 8:00 p.m. has voted.BE A PREPARED VOTERBecause of ballot questions, the ballot for this election in Boston is two sheets -- printing on both sides of sheet one, and an additional full page on sheet two. Voters are encouraged to learn about the four statewide ballot questions before coming to the polls.In a small number of precincts, there may also be Public Policy Questions. Voters are allowed to bring a small ""cheat sheet"" when voting, to serve as a reminder for choices. A link to statewide ballot questions can be found on the City of Boston homepage:www.cityofboston.gov.DON'T WAIT UNTIL ELECTION DAY TO ANSWER QUESTIONS ABOUT ELIGIBILITY OR POLLING LOCATIONThe City website (www.boston.gov/elections) has plenty of information to help voters. Residents can find their polling location and check voter status using the Voter Registration Search. The website includes instructions for how and where to vote, and what information to bring to the polls to expedite the process.Inactive voters will find links to information explaining how to cast a ballot. In most cases, inactive voters can still vote.The website also offers information on how to use the AccuVote system.For those voters who live outside Boston, the Secretary of the Commonwealths Elections Division also has a voter registration look-up tool:www.wheredoivotema.com.WHEN CONTACTING THE ELECTION DEPARTMENT BY EMAIL, PROVIDE COMPLETE INFORMATIONThis information includes full name, date of birth, and current and former address, if applicable. Voters cannot be identified by only providing a user name.VOTERS REQUIRED TO SHOW IDENTIFICATION AT POLLS SHOULD HAVE IT HANDYFor Massachusetts voting purposes, identification must have the voter's name and current address. An out-of-state license does not serve as a stand-alone identification, and must be pair with a bill, lease, pay stub, or similar supplemental documentation.Passports do not reflect a local address, and voters using a passport for identification purposes must also provide supplemental documentation.Voters who are required to show ID are encouraged to have their identification ready to present at the check-in table.BE PATIENTBoston has a team of 1,800 workers on Election Day, dedicated to making the voting experience proceed smoothly. Voters may experience a wait time to vote voters should plan accordingly.There are an additional 100 workers in City Hall making every effort to ensure an efficient and effective voting process.FIRST-TIME VOTERS ARE WELCOMEThis year, Election Department staff registered hundreds of new voters at high schools across the City, as well as hundreds of new citizens. Election officers are there to assist first-time voters, and are happy to answer questions or assist in any manner.BOSTON CELEBRATES VOTING DIVERSITYOver 30% of Bostons election day workers speak at least one language other than English, and many are multi-lingual. All of Bostons ballots are in English and Spanish, and in some areas, Chinese and Vietnamese. The City also provides access to an interpreters telephone bank, which can assist voters in these languages, as well as Russian, Cape Verdean, Haitian Creole, Somali, and Arabic. Election workers can facilitate access to these translation services.Boston has also trained Accessibility Ambassadors to guide voters with physical challenges in the use of the Automark. At all locations across the City, the Automark machines will display ballots in English, Chinese, Spanish and Vietnamese. Automark will also provide audio in these languages, including the Cantonese and Mandarin dialects of Chinese, for voters who may need this service."
Boston Public Library locations will host a variety of events for reading enthusiasts, including childrens book club meetings and author talks on a range of subjects from the Salem witch trials and historical 19th-century poems to womens studies. Highlights include: About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh will be on hand on Monday, November 10that the House of Blues Boston to Co-Chair HubNob, an annual fundraiser for Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency.A tremendous number of families and children in the City of Boston rely on BCYF, said Mayor Walsh. HubNob is critical in raising funds to support BCYFs programs and activities which are among the most affordable in the City.HubNob is the annual signature event of the Foundation for Boston Centers for Youth & Families. This four-year old event is quickly establishing itself as one of Boston's must attend events of the year due to the delicious food, fun crowd, live music, and unique silent auction and raffle items. The theme for this year's event is Bostons Best Kept Secret and highlights BCYF's programs and facilities in an effort to make more people aware of all BCYF offers. While supporting a great cause, guests will have the opportunity to enjoy food prepared by neighborhood restaurants including Pastoral, Ashmont Grill, Tico, Himalayan Bisto, JP Seafood, Stella, House of Blues, Jacob Wirth, Sophia's Grotto, Boston Big Easy and BGood. There will also be unique silent auction items, great raffle prizes and music provided by Soul City.All the money raised through HubNob goes directly back to programs that reach the families who need the services the most, said Christopher Byner, Interim Executive Director of BCYF. With a BCYF community center in nearly every neighborhood, there is no organization who works with more people across all neighborhoods of the City than BCYF.Major sponsors of HubNob to date include: Boston Childrens Hospital John Hancock SUPERTours The Robert and Dana Smith Family Foundation Reebok and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts. Clear Channel Outdoor has provided in-kind support through HubNob billboards in key locations in Boston and Pretty Instant will be on hand engaging participants and taking fun photos they can leave the event with.Each of BCYFs 29 community centers, 17 pools and 1 beach offer a variety of educational, recreational and social programming for people of all ages. Through the support of volunteers, local advisory councils, and many community partners, BCYF centers programs reflect the needs and interests ofBostons neighborhoods. Proceeds from HubNob 2014 will be used to support BCYFs teen and girls-only-time programming which will include AdventureGirls, a new program for urban girls ages 11 and older to explore new outdoor activities and the renovation of five BCYF Teen Centers into fresh and modern spaces teens can go to study, participate in teen programming and engage with other teens. Expected to join the Mayor, Lorrie Higgins and Chris Byner will be a host of local notables including Kennedy Elsey of MIX 104.1s Karson & Kennedy morning show who will serve as the HubNob M.C. For information about HubNob visit HubNobBoston.com.
The Mayor's Office of Arts + Culture will feature an exhibition ofinternationallabor movement posters from Stephen Lewis collection (https://www.facebook.com/Lewisposters) in the Mayors Neighborhood Gallery on the second floor at Boston City Hall.The exhibition will be on display until November 28, 2014.Immigration rights, racial tension, violence against women, religious strifethese are realities that face us daily, says Stephen Lewis. The ideas depicted in this exhibition encourage us to think about stereotypes and our perceptions of how we view others. Some posters go further by encouraging not only a change in thinking, but also suggest ways to make changes.The posters in this exhibition are from a collection of more than 4,500 of Stephen Lewis, a long-time activist in the labor movement and the former Treasurer of his union. Stephen has exhibited at a number of public libraries in Massachusetts and two of the state Heritage parks. Lewis has presented at the annual conference of the National Council on Public History and on local cable television programs.This project is supported in part by a grant from the Lawrence Cultural Council, a local agency that is supported by the Massachusetts Cultural Council.The Galleries at Boston City Hall are open to the public at no charge. Boston City Hall is accessible by MBTA via State Street (Orange and Blue lines) and Park Street (Green and Red lines). For additional information, call617-635-3245, or visithttp://www.cityofboston.gov/arts.
Historians, scholars, friends groups, and open space advocates are among these who now have a window into the past as the records of the Boston Parks Commission have been digitized and put online through the Boston Public Librarys digital services team.The records, once confined to the original documents stored at the Roxbury offices of the Boston Parks and Recreation Department, date back to the 1850s and include annual reports, information about the formation of the Emerald Necklace, and the minutes of one of the oldest Parks Commissions in the country.Copies of official Commission meetings, including many historical maps and plans, and annual reports are preserved in perpetuity and easily accessible to researchers and anyone else interested in this facet of Bostons history and the decisions that helped shape the citys park system.The collection begins with the handwritten minutes of the first Parks Commission meeting held July 21, 1875. The first volume continues with various proposals for new parks at a time when a good part of the city was still marshland and Back Bay was in the process of being created with fill transported from Needham.Boston Public Librarys digital services team is responsible for digitizing and providing online access to the librarys collections. The work is done at two state-of-the-art digitization labs, using high-end digital cameras and flatbed scanners, in the Central Library in Copley Square. The digitized collections can be found under the online collections tab of the BPL home page. The department works to not only increase awareness of and access to collections and materials but also to partner with local communities to help share their stories.During the past few years, the digital services team has been digitizing materials from other libraries, archives, museums, and historical societies from across the state. Exactly 100 different communities  30% of all Massachusetts towns and cities  have been served by the BPL as members of the Digital Services team travel across the state for on-site digitization consultations and material transport. This service is supported with state funds through the Library for the Commonwealth.To access the Parks Department records, go to the Archives section of the Departments homepage atwww.cityofboston.gov/parks.
To obtain a Resident Parking Permit, residents must present their vehicle registration showing their name and current East Boston address. Residents must also present a current proof of residency, dated within 30 to 45 days, in the form of a utility bill, bank statement or credit card bill, with the same name and address as on the registration.Residents may apply for the permit online atwww.cityofboston.gov/parking, click on Resident Parking and then New Permit.They may also apply for the permit at the Office of the Parking Clerk, Room 224, City Hall, Monday through Friday, between the hours of 9 AM and 4:30 PM.Residents should also be aware that all overdue City of Boston parking tickets must be paid before a permit will be issued. Payments may be made as follows.Vehicles parked in violation of the City of Bostons Resident Parking regulations without a valid permit are subject to a $40 parking ticket fine.
"Yesterday, Mayor Martin J. Walsh signed an Executive Order establishing payment certification requirements for vendors with city contracts. The measure seeks to prevent wage theft, which is the improper withholding of payment from employees and the failure to pay employees according to required schedules. Wage theft harms the well-being of workers and their families. Low income, immigrant, hospitality, service industry, and limited English proficiency workers are most vulnerable to this practice.  ""Its illegal to deny fairly earned wages,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This executive order empowers workers to demand what they have worked for. Im committed to stopping violations and holding employers to the letter of the law.""  Under the Executive Order vendors who have a contract with the City of Boston will be required to certify their compliance with federal and state wage law with the City, or if the vendors have previous violations, disclose them, and provide a wage bond for the duration of the contract. These measures strengthen the Citys ability to hire vendors that treat their employees fairly.   ""There are too many stories of workers being exploited, especially in our immigrant communities. Mayor Walsh's executive order adds important protections for working families in Boston,"" said Michelle Wu, Boston City Councilor At-Large.   ""We applaud Mayor Walsh for taking this important step to address the wage theft crisis and tacking wage inequity head-on,"" said Richard M. Rogers, Executive Secretary-Treasurer of the Greater Boston Labor Council, AFL-CIO.  The Executive Order also prohibits City departments from contracting with debarred vendors for the period of their debarment. This will help to ensure that City resources are not used to support those vendors debarred for wage law violations.  In addition, this allows the Boston Licensing Board to take into consideration whether a licensee has been found to have violated state fair labor laws or the Fair Labor Standards Act, as the Board is determining whether to re-issue, modify, suspend, or revoke a license. Licensees that are subject to debarment for violating these laws, or that have been prohibited from contracting with the Commonwealth, will also be prohibited from holding licenses issued by the Boston Licensing Board for the same time period.  The Executive Order is effective for any request for proposals, invitation for bids or request for qualifications all bids as ofJanuary 1, 2015."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the City of Bostons Office of Food Initiatives announced today the receipt of a $25,000 planning grant from the United States Department ofAgriculture(USDA) Local Food Promotion Program (LFPP), to support an UrbanAgricultureVisioning group, which will build on efforts to align Bostons diverse urban growing sector, and establish a common goal that meets the needs of all stakeholders.UrbanAgriculturecreates jobs and food access points in Bostons neighborhoods, said Mayor Walsh. Aligning the goals and strategies of all constituents engaged in urban growing will allow us to better leverage resources, and to work more efficiently toward food system resilience in the City of Boston.The funds provided by LFPP will support the hire of an independent facilitator, who, over the course of a year, will convene an UrbanAgricultureVisioning Group to develop a vision for food production in Boston as a whole.Since the passing of Article 89 (the Citys first urbanagriculturezoning) in December 2013, supporters of urban growing have begun to provide resources, prepare farms, and train farmers to enable small urban farms to succeed in Boston. These supporters come from the public, private, and non-profit sectors, representing growers, processors, and distributors with a common goal to enable farmer livelihoods, increase food access for low-income constituents, and provide economic and neighborhood development.These meetings will help all parties to align strategies to achieve these goals, and will include advocates from all sectors of urban growing in the city, including community gardeners, traditional and rooftop farmers, gleaners, edible forest developers, farmers market reps, food processors, and interested constituents.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the Public Works Department (PWD) has retrofitted 38,838 of its 64,000 streetlights to Light-emitting Diode (LED) technology, which use less energy, last longer, and provide better lighting for Bostons streets as of September 26, 2014. These retrofits are saving the City an estimated $4.25 million each year in energy costs. The program also takes advantage of financial rebates provided by NSTAR.By retrofitting our streetlights toLEDs, we are saving taxpayer dollars and helping reach our climate goals, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. This program demonstrates that the City of Boston is leading by example on climate action.The newLEDlights shining down on Bostons historic streets will provide better lighting while using about 70 percent percent less energy,"" said Tilak Subrahmanian, Vice President of Energy Efficiency for Northeast Utilities, NSTAR's parent company. Were pleased to be a part of making Boston a brighter, more energy efficient city.The City has received $7.1 million in rebates thus far from NSTAR to complete these retrofits. The newLEDstreetlights have reduced electricity use by approximately 29 million kWh since the program started in 2010, saving the City roughly $4.25 million per year. This is enough electricity to power roughly 4,000 homes and reduces greenhouse gas emissions by approximately 20,226 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent. These annual savings will continue to grow as Boston completes more and more streetlight conversions.""TheLEDstreetlight conversion program is an important part of the Citys efforts to reduce municipal greenhouse gases 25 percent by 2020, said Brian Swett, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open space. It also demonstrates how environmental initiatives make economic sense as well.During the month of September PWD accelerated its install pace, and as of September 26 PWD had completed 7,161LEDretrofits. PWD has a goal of retrofitting 8,000 streetlights this calendar year, and in order to achieve that goal, crews must average 154 retrofits per week. The department is currently on track, averaging 188 retrofits per week. During the week endingAugust 22, PWD retrofitted a record-breaking 373 streetlights. Under a Memorandum of Understanding between the City and NStar, the City will get an enhanced incentive from NStar for every retrofit over 8,000. I am pleased at the pace in which my team has moved through these conversions this summer, said Michael Dennehy, Public Works Commissioner. LEDstreetlights not only save money on electricity, but last longer than sodium bulbs, freeing up Public Works crews to attend to other issues across the city.The program began in 2010 with $395,000 in grant funding from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA). In addition to the NSTAR rebates, the City has invested $10,668,560 in the retrofits thus far from General Obligation Bonds."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh will recognize National Lead Poisoning Prevention Week the week of October 20th. The Mayors Office of Fair Housing and Equity, the Boston Public Health Commission, the Department of Neighborhood Development (DND), and the Inspectional Services Department (ISD) are partnering to present several community lead awareness events. During the course of the week, programming will include an in depth discussion on lead discrimination in housing, a look at the health effects of lead, home de-leading workshops, and a seminar on lead for Boston landlords. All events are free and open to the public.""Ninety percent of Boston housing was built before 1978 and often contains lead,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This puts our children at risk of lead exposure, and families at risk for housing discrimination. By hosting educational programs during National Lead Poisoning Prevention Week, we are raising awareness to move the City of Boston towards a safer housing stock and a healthier city.""The Massachusetts Lead Law requires that any home built before 1978 where a child under the age of six lives must be made lead safe by removing or covering any lead paint hazards such as loose lead paint and lead paint on windows and other surfaces accessible to children. Homeowners are responsible for complying with the law. If a child is poisoned by lead hazards in their primary residence, the homeowner will be held responsible. It is illegal to evict or refuse to rent to an individual or family because of lead paint in a dwelling unit.  ""Families looking for housing in Boston often experience discrimination because of the presence of lead paint, denying families the opportunity to live where they want,"" said Dion Irish, Executive Director at the Office of Fair Housing & Equity. ""State law requires property owners to remove lead hazards from homes occupied or to be occupied by children age six and under. This requirement has made some landlords reluctant to rent to pregnant women and families with children under age six, in an attempt to avoid lead abatement costs.""   Lead poisoning is a serious but preventable disease that affects the development of a child, and can cause speech, hearing, learning, and behavior problems. If left untreated, lead poisoning can permanently damage a child's brain, kidneys, blood, and nervous system. Most of the time, a lead-poisoned child has no symptoms, so a blood test ordered by a pediatrician is the only way to determine the level of lead in your childs body. The Boston Public Health Commission offers free lead testing of paint and dust.""There is no safe level of lead exposure for children,"" said Dr. Huy Nguyen, Medical Director and Interim Executive Director of the Boston Public Health Commission. ""Lead exposure resulting in a blood lead level of 5 and above has been shown to impact a childs IQ, can result in developmental delay and learning disabilities, and is associated with behavior problems.""The City of Boston provides services to educate homeowners about the law and how to eliminate lead in their homes. DND offers free workshops and financial assistance to help parents and property owners de-lead their home, and the ISD conducts lead determination inspections.""I am proud that since 1993, our partnership with the U.S. Department Housing and Urban Development has helped us reduced the incidence rate of childhood lead poisoning in Boston by more than 90%,"" said Sheila Dillon, Chief of Housing for the City of Boston. ""Families in Boston should not have to worry about lead poisoning, so the Department of Neighborhood Developments Lead Safe program provides funding and technical assistance to assist homeowners and landlords with low cost lead paint abatement."" ""Unsafe renovation puts our children at risk of lead exposure,"" said ISD Commissioner William Christopher. ""Moving forward ISD has committed to increasing its lead determination inspections each year by at least 20 percent. The Inspectional Services Department also offers classes for landlords and homeowners to get renovations done correctly and safely.""The schedule of events for National Lead Poisoning Prevention Week hosted by the City of Boston and partners includes the following:Tuesday, October 21,6:00 to 8:00 p.m.A Panel Discussion on Lead Paint & Housing DiscriminationWhere: The Urban League of Eastern Massachusetts, 88 Warren St. Roxbury, 02119 This panel is recommended for homeowners, renters, and the general public and will cover lead paint and housing discrimination, the health effects of lead exposure on children, the Massachusetts lead law, and community resources for de-leading. RSVP tomagalie686@gmail.com.Wednesday, October 22,8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.Lead Summit, Childhood Lead Exposure and Housing Discrimination: Both Bad for Your HealthWhere: Hibernian Hall, 184 Dudley St. Suite 102, Roxbury, 02119 This summit will bring together city, academic, private, and public stakeholders to develop an action plan for increasing awareness that lead is still a problem in Boston. This summit will develop strategies for reducing housing discrimination families face related to lead paint, increasing lead safe housing, lead safe renovations, and reducing the number of children with elevated lead levels.RSVP online:https://www.eventbrite.com/e/childhood-lead-exposure-and-housing-discrimination-in-boston-both-bad-for-your-health-tickets-12725384969.Thursday, October 23,8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.Moderate Risk De-leading TrainingWhere: BCYF Tobin Community Center, 1481 Tremont Street, Roxbury, 02120 The Boston Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Program is providing free moderate risk de-leading training to property owners, their agents, and contractors.RSVP to Tom attplant@bphc.org. For more information, call(617) 534-5965.Thursday, October 23,6:00 to 7:30 p.m.Landlord Seminar: Rental Housing Ordinance and Lead PaintWhere: Inspectional Services Department, 1010 Mass. Ave, 5th floor Conference room, Roxbury, 02118 Landlords are invited to learn about the City of Bostons Rental Housing Ordinance and the Massachusetts lead paint law. Saturday, October 25, 10:30 a.m.3D Help with Renew Boston & Lead ProgramsWhere: BCYF Mildred Avenue Community Center, 1-5 Mildred Avenue, Mattapan, 02126 Learn about Boston Home Center home repair programs, including triple-deckers, plus Renew Boston and Leadsafe Boston. This event is part of the Department of Neighborhood Developments Home Center University workshop."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today officially reopened Boston Centers for Youth and Families (BCYF) Draper Pool in West Roxbury. The $3.5 million dollar renovation took just over a year to complete and was celebrated by people of all ages on a beautiful fall day.This neighborhood gem is now upgraded and ready for current and future BCYF Draper Pool swimmers to enjoy the health and wellness benefits of swimming, Mayor Walsh said. I am especially pleased that we were able to utilize natural light and energy-efficient systems which will help reduce energy costs in the future.Community residents, and elected and city officials attended the celebration which started with a speaking program including BCYF Interim Executive Director Christopher Byner, Property and Construction Management Department Deputy Director Joe Mulligan and 40-year pool member Stephen Cesso. There were also refreshments, programming information, City Hall to Go services and membership sign-ups. The BCYF Draper Pool Blue Fins Swim Team were the first swimmers in the pool after the Mayor cut the ceremonial ribbon.Work on the BCYF Draper Pool began in September of 2013 and included upgrades to mechanical systems, interior pool areas, lobby and locker room areas as well as the exterior including a newly paved and redesigned driveway and parking lot. A new roof and new dehumidification system were added to help save on future energy costs. This renovation also has created a new outdoor patio area adjacent to the pool which includes the addition of glass accordion-style doors. This new block of glass doors lightens up the pool area and opens it up to the outdoor patio.Construction was overseen by the Citys Property and Construction Management Departments (PCMD) Capital Construction Division. The Projects Contractor was Linwood Construction and the Architect was Graham-Meus.Our City of Boston Pools are such a fun and integral part of many of our families routines no matter what their age and our Swim League engages over 300 young people each year, said Christopher Byner, Interim Executive Director of BCYF which oversees the pool as well as 34 other facilities. We are all looking forward to having this pool open again.While the pool was closed, BCYF staff and programming moved to the West Roxbury Educational Complex pool so there was minimal interruption to Drapers programming. Aquatics programming offered at the BCYF Draper Pool includes swim lessons for all ages, lap swim, open swim time, swim team, lifeguard training classes and more.The adjacent park was renovated and re-opened right as this pool was closing down for its renovation. Renovation of the playground included consolidating a 2-5 age-range play structure and a 5-12 age-range play area into one area with shade, seating and fencing. Seat walls were built for sitting outside the basketball court and at the top of the slope. The work also helped created a safe parking area for both park and pool users. Total park renovation budget of $676,000 plus the pool renovation budget of $3.5 million gives the residents over $4 million dollars of improvements to their neighborhood pool and park.As part of our renovations, BCYF added a new flag pole to accompany a plaque embedded in a rock outside and dedicated to lifelong West Roxbury resident and highly decorated veteran Ed Hogan Jr. who passed away four years ago. Ed taught countless youth how to swim over the years at the BCYF Draper Pool.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh, Vice Chair of the U.S. Conference of Mayors Cities of Opportunity Task Force, launched a wide-ranging effort to address poverty and income inequality in Boston with the help of several partners. Joined by Michael K. Durkin, President and CEO of United Way of Massachusetts Bay and Merrimack Valley, and representatives from the Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) and Jewish Vocational Service, Mayor Walsh announced the formation of a new Office of Financial Empowerment. The collaborative effort, part of Mayor Walshs pledge to tackle systemic inequality, will allow the City and its partners to better align their work on the issue, develop creative strategies, and deliver coordinated services to residents.Two new financial opportunity centers, funded by the United Way and LISC, are among the initial components of a sweeping plan to promote economic resilience in Boston. The full-service centers will offer job search assistance, access to training for career development, and financial coaching to help people manage their resources and obtain available benefits. A web-based assessment tool will allow staff to determine the needs of new clients and help them establish and track their employment goals. Research shows that families are more likely to achieve financial success through an integrated approach such as this one.As vice-chair of the U.S. Conference of Mayors'Cities of Opportunity Task Force, I have pledged to confront theinequalitythat is holding too many Americans and too many Bostonians back, said Mayor Walsh.Thats what the Office of Financial Empowerment is all about. With the help of our partners at the United Way, LISC, and Jewish Vocational Service, we will provide the kinds of opportunities that individuals and families in Boston need in order to find good jobs and join the middle class.The new Roxbury Center for Financial Empowerment, based in Dudley Square, will be operated by the City, while a second financial opportunity center in the Financial District will be operated by Jewish Vocational Service. A third center is planned for South Boston next year.Partnerships are integral to this work, said Mike Durkin of United Way of Massachusetts Bay and Merrimack Valley. None of us can make progress on entrenched, complex issues such as poverty and income inequality alone. Our approach is to have multiple services and partners available in one location to work with individuals, coach them toward financial stability, and ensure that their children and families are also connected to other services they may need to thrive.United Way runs two similar centers in Chelsea and Lawrence. Last year, 77 percent of clients at those centers who completed pre- and post-assessments reported increases in one or more of the following measures: net income, net worth, or credit score.New data released as part of todays announcement underscores the urgent need for a concerted effort against rising inequality. According toFamily Assets Count, a project of theCorporation for Enterprise Developmentin collaboration withCiti Community Development, 46 percent of Boston households do not have sufficient savings to live for three months if they suffer a disruption to income, such as losing a job or facing a medical crisis. For African American and Latino households in the city, that figure rises to 69 percent and 75 percent, respectively. Over the next two years, Family Assets Count will work in ten cities, starting in Boston, Chicago, Houston, Miami, and Sacramento, to inform programs and policies that move families towards economic resilience.The Office of Jobs and Community Services (JCS), an affiliate of the Boston Redevelopment Authority, will oversee the new Office of Financial Empowerment. JCS funds job training programs, adult basic education, and English proficiency classes for adults, as well as summer jobs and after-school career exploration programs for youth. The annual Earned Income Tax Credit campaign, one of JCSs signature programs, allows over 11,000 households in Boston to receive free tax preparation, which puts about $22 million back into the pockets of local families each year. The Office of Financial Empowerment will expand on JCSs work by leveraging partnerships to create a comprehensive strategy that will reach all residents in need.AtLISC, we know from our work across the country that it is not enough just to help people find jobs, said Bob Van Meter, Executive Director for the Local Initiatives Support Corporation in Boston. They need the support and training to keep those jobs and become financially stable. We are excited to work with the city, United Way and the Jewish Vocational Service to bring this proven approach to Boston.Todays announcement in Roxbury is part of a national push to address income inequality.Cities and Mayors nationwide are grappling with income inequality, said Sacramento Mayor and U.S. Conference of Mayors President Kevin Johnson. Our cities will be better and our nation stronger as we close these gaps. Mayor Walsh's actions today in launching two financial empowerment centers, with the help of key partners, is a powerful example of Mayors getting things done that move our cities forward.Whenever one city steps forward to confront the inequality crisis we face, it emboldens all of us and pushes this movement forward, said New York City Mayor Bill De Blasio, Chair of the U.S. Conference of Mayors Cities of Opportunity Task Force. I am proud to work with Mayor Walsh on the Cities of Opportunity Task Force as we develop local solutions to overcome inequality and lift up struggling families. Bostons effort to mobilize private partners to reach more people in need is a great example of the kind of change we need across this country.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the release of the draft 2014 Climate Action Plan for public comment. The City also released the latest municipal greenhouse gas emissions report for fiscal year 2012-2013, which demonstrates a 27 percent reduction in adjusted carbon emissions* since 2005. The City of Boston has reached its goal of a 25 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions seven years ahead of schedule, and is evaluating setting a new goal.The 2014 Climate Action Plan update provides a transparent and analytically robust strategy for reaching our climate goals, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. The City of Boston is leading by example through its emissions reduction efforts and we continue to prioritize cost-saving measures that also help the environment.The 2014 Plan is the second iteration of Bostons climate action plan, which is updated every three years. When completed, the final 2014 Plan will include:A new, more rigorous greenhouse gas measuring and modeling methodology, with a first look towards Bostons 80 percent by 2050 emissions reduction goal.More comprehensive climate preparedness strategies.An emphasis on key cross-cutting themes of social equity, economic development, community engagement, and public health and safety.More extensive and inclusive community engagement process.A new performance measurement system to measure year-over-year progress and keep us on track to meeting Bostons goals.The draft plan will be open to public comments for three weeks. It will also be the focus of the Mayors second Civic Academy on November 17 at the New England Aquarium, 6:30 PM. Please call the Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services with any questions about the Civic Academy Program at617-635-3485.After reviewing and incorporating public comments and finalizing graphics, the final plan will be released in early January. The draft plan is availableonlinefor download. Feedback may be submitted via emailCAP2014@cityofboston.gov, online atEngage.GreenovateBoston.org, or letters sent to:Environment Department, Suite 7091 City Hall PlazaBoston, Ma The 2014 Update establishes a short-term action plan to reach Bostons 2020 goals, as well as creates a vision for what will essentially be a carbon-neutral Boston by 2050, said Brian Swett, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space. While municipal emissions are less than three percent of the citywide total, the Citys leadership is critical for encouraging other businesses, organizations and individuals to take actions of their own.The municipal greenhouse gas inventory, which is calculated every year, is available online. The inventory estimates the citys carbon footprint from energy and fuel sources such as heating and cooling, electricity use, and vehicles from across all City departments and agencies.Reductions in municipal electricity use and the transition of the regions electricity generation to lower emission energy sources have been the most significant drivers of the the Citys overall reduction in greenhouse gas emissions. Considerable progress has been made via building and street light energy efficiency improvement projects, renewable energy projects, and Bostons growing fleet vehicle sharing program, FleetHub. In addition, two major solar projects on municipal buildings went online in early fiscal year 2013--a 120 kW system at400 Frontage Road, and a 95 kW system atBoston Archives Center.In the past year, the City has continued this progress through increasing the LED streetlight retrofit program, and a recent light bulb replacement initiative, which took advantage of the Massachusetts Department of Energy Resources free lighting upgrade program. Through this program, the City replaced 10,000 light bulbs in Boston Public Libraries, Boston Public Schools and other municipal buildings. As a result of this program, the City will save over two million kilowatt hours of electricity and $285,000 each year. That alone is enough electricity to power approximately 270 homes in Boston.Download the draft 2014 Climate Action Plan Update here:boston.gov/climate/bostonsplan/Download the FY12-13 Municipal Greenhouse Gas inventory here:boston.gov/climate/progress*Includes emissions adjustments for the purchase of bio-fuel and renewable energy credits.
The City and our partners at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center and the Massachusetts Department of Public Health were in constant contact today as news of an Ebola scare began to break. Today's efforts reinforced my belief that the City is more than prepared to deal with any scenario like this. We take any threat to public health very seriously, but we must educate ourselves about Ebola precautions and do what we can to quell unnecessary public panic. Our emergency preparedness plans are recognized as national models, and I have full confidence in our departments and healthcare organizations that we can keep Bostonians safe and healthy.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the appointment of 24 members to the TaxiAdvisory Committee to examine policy and regulatory frameworks to support thetaxiindustry throughout the City of Boston. The committee is comprised of representatives from thetaxiindustry, municipal and state governmental agencies, and community partners.I sincerely appreciate patience of both the public and thetaxiindustry over the past few months as we worked to appoint one of the largest groups of stakeholder representatives that the City of Boston has brought together, said Mayor Walsh. Boston's industry is unique in many aspects, but common themes can be seen throughout, as cities and states work to get a grasp on the changing face of transportation. We look forward to engaging the public in several ways to gather valuable input and feedback from the people who make Boston the great city that it is.The Mayors commitment to bring together stakeholders to discuss and develop new policy has gained steam in his Office of Intergovernmental Relations, said Chris English, Chair of theTaxiAdvisory Committee. The issues facing the for-hire-transportation industry in Boston, and across the country, are significant.TheTaxiAdvisory Committee will meet as a group on an ongoing basis and engage the public in a variety of ways, to ensure that all stakeholders have a chance to provide input throughout the process. This community engagement aspect will include several public meetings, beginning in October, as well as online feedback forms available today on the Advisory Committees website:http://www.cityofboston.gov/intergovernmental/taxiadvisory.asp.The public will also be able access more information on the City Hall To Go truck, as well as the Elderly Affairs Commission and Commission for Persons with Disabilities.Below, please view full list of committee members:Pierre Duchemin,Shift DriversPeter Sheinfeld,Small Medallion Owners   James Endicott,LargeMedallion OwnersBrett Barenholtz,CEO, Boston Cab DispatchDonna Blythe-Shaw,USW BTDA Staff RepresentativeMeghan Joyce,General Manager, Uber BostonKatie Kincaid,Government Relations Manager, Lyft Inc.John Faro,Manager, Transportation Operations, MassportAnne Bailey Berman,Co-chair of Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce Transportation CommitteeFrederick Peterson,Director of Facilities OperationsSarah Hamilton,Vice President, Area Planning & Development, Medical Academic and Scientific Community OrganizationMichael Southwick, Livery Drivers Association, Founder & President- Lifestyle Transportation Inc.Tina Chien,Onein3 Council MemberGina Fiandaca,Boston Transportation Department, Executive Director, Office of the Parking ClerkCommissioner Emily Shea,Elderly Affairs CommissionCommissioner Kristen McCosh,Disabilities CommissionJerome Smith,Chief of Civic EngagementCaptain Jim Gaughan,Boston Police Department- Hackney UnitMaureen FeeneyCouncilor Josh Zakim,Chair, City Council Special Committee on Transportation, Public Infrastructure & InvestmentSen. Michael Rush,Member, State Joint Committee on TransportationLt. Ken Halloran,Massachusetts State PoliceRep. Russell Holmes,Community RepresentativeVivienne Sullivan,Community member
October is the month for great Boston youth soccer as the 2014 Mayors Cup Soccer Tournament takes place this weekend. Sponsored by Comcast, teams throughout Boston participate in this citywide tournament to vie for the championship title in three divisions for boys and girls ages 8-14 (Girls, Boys U10, Girls, Boys U12, Girls, Boys U14.)The tournament is organized by Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF,) the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. Games begin on Saturday, October 11that 9 a.m. with the last game that day scheduled to start at 5 p.m. On Sunday the 12th, games begin at 9 a.m. and end with a 3 p.m. game. All games are played on the soccer fields at Millennium Park in West Roxbury. Each division is formatted as a double elimination tournament with all teams being guaranteed at least two games.Support for the Mayors Cup Soccer Tournament is also provided by the Boston Parks and Recreation Department.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030, the administrations housing plan. The plan, which aims to create housing across demographics and neighborhoods, outlines the Citys strategies for housing an expected 91,000 new Bostonians by the year 2030, and calls for the creation of 53,000 new units of housing at a variety of income levels across the City. Boston is growing, and I am committed to making sure that the prosperity Boston is enjoying reaches every neighborhood and every Boston resident, Mayor Walsh said. Any person who wants to contribute to making Boston better should be able to live and succeed here - regardless of their income level, race, or physical ability.  Today, we put forward a bold plan with achievable goals that will carry us well into the future. And today, I invite everyone, from long-time residents to new arrivals, from architects to activists, to join my administration in putting this bold plan into action.The new housing plan was developed using sophisticated demographic data prepared for the City of Boston by the Massachusetts Area Planning Council. The City analyzed the data by age and income level to create specific goals for the types of housing that Boston will need to accommodate future growth and stabilize the market.  By the year 2030, Boston will reach more than 700,000 residents, a number the City has not seen since the 1950s. To plan for this growth, the City estimates that of the 53,000 units of housing required, 44,000 will need to be built for the workforce  those aged 25 to 65 5,000 must be built for Bostons growing senior citizen demographic and 4,000 units must be created to create a vacancy rate to stabilize the market and bring rents and housing prices under control. In order to ensure that those most in need are able to find housing, the City proposes to increase the rate of production of affordable housing in the City by 50 percent, creating a total of 6,500 new units of low-income housing for the workforce by the year 2030. Although nationally, Boston has the largest share of its housing stock set aside as affordable housing, MAPC estimates the City will see a net increase of nearly 10,000 new low-income workforce households.  The bulk of the housing to be created will be in the middle-income sector, where the City aims to double the pace of middle income housing production, helping create 20,000 new units of middle class housing. The plan defines its middle class as residents with household incomes between $50,000 and $125,000.  The majority of the Citys middle income housing is expected to be built by the private development community. In order to stimulate the market, Mayor Walshs plan outlines a first-ever set of incentives to drive down development costs, including zoning relief, permitting reform, tax incentives, modifications to the Inclusionary Development Policy, and better use of City-owned land. A significant factor in developing the plan was the sharp increase in the number of senior citizens living in Boston. By 2030, one in five Boston households will be of retirement age  a 53 percent increase. Many of these senior citizens are choosing to age in place, occupying units formerly available to middle income workforce families.The plan calls for expansion of housing support services for these seniors, so that those who wish to remain in their homes are able to do so.Seniors who wish to downsize, however, or who are in need of affordable housing with supports, pose an additional challenge to the housing market, as federal funds available to build new affordable senior housing were eliminated in 2010, while the cost to build senior housing has increased dramatically. To that end, the Mayors plan calls for the City to maintain its pace of low-income senior housing production, creating 1,500 new units of senior housing by 2030, while encouraging the market to develop an additional 3,500 units of senior-oriented housing.  The plan also calls for the construction of an additional 16,000 new dorm beds. The construction of these beds will free up an estimated 5,000 units of middle income housing, decreasing the number of students renting units in the private rental market by 50 percent. This decrease is expected to significantly relieve pressure on the rental housing market in several neighborhoods.  The plan is expected to generate $21 billion in new development, and to create an estimated 51,000 construction jobs through the year 2030. In order to support the additional costs of building City-funded housing, the plan lays out an agenda for raising $20 million in resources annually through a variety of sources, including more efficient use of state and federal resources, a review of policies such as the Inclusionary Development Policy, adjustments to the Citys Linkage fees, and evaluating the feasibility of and support for the Community Preservation Act. As part of the administrations commitment to transparency and data-driven results, the execution of Boston 2030 will be accessible to the public, with annual progress reports and quarterly updates on results. In addition, execution of the plan will require the City to examine its own processes and procedures, including new websites and online resources to increase transparency, residential zoning reform, and increased performance management.  For those interested, please follow the conversation on Twitter using the hashtag#Boston2030. The report can be foundon line atbit.ly/Boston2030.
The exhibitionPurloined Letters: Literary Correspondence and its Unintended Recipientsopensin the Special Collections Lobby at the Central Library in Copley Square on Wednesday, October 15.Purloined Lettersfeatures an array of rare and important purloined, or stolen, letters written by revered literary figures. Also in October, a bronze bust of Edgar Allan Poe will be unveiled at the library, honoring the Boston-born poet, author, and critic.Purloined Lettersgives us the rare opportunity to delve deeper into the lives of the writers and learn more about them than, in many cases, their published works may reveal, said Susan Glover, Keeper of Special Collections at the Boston Public Library.Letters from Boston Public Librarys collection on display include handwritten notes from Edgar Allan Poe, an incarcerated Oscar Wilde, Nathaniel Hawthornes sister Elizabeth, and mural artist Edwin Austin Abbey. The exhibition also showcases writers who composed experimental works in epistolary modes  including Bram Stoker, the author ofDracula and explores prefaces and letters to the reader in early printed books such as Edmund SpensersThe Faerie Queene.ThePurloined Lettersexhibition is a collaboration between graduate students and faculty of the Department of English, University of Massachusetts Boston, and Boston Public Librarys Rare Books and Manuscripts department.Purloined Lettersruns through January 30, 2015. The Special Collections Lobby is located on the third floor of the McKim building at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street. The exhibition is open Monday through Friday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Learn more atwww.bpl.org/exhibitions.The Edgar Allan Poe bust, donated by artist and sculptor Bryan Moore, will be unveiled onThursday, October 30, at 6 p.m.in the Abbey Room at the Central Library in Copley Square. Along with Moore, Boston College English Professor Paul Lewis will discuss Poes literary themes and his ties to Boston.The statue of such an influential writer greatly enhances our collection of portrait busts and now has the distinction of being the most contemporary bust in the BPLs collection, said Eve Griffin, Curator of Fine Arts.Image below at right: Photography by Sheryl LanzelAbout BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
Bostons Fall Leaf collection will begin onMonday, October 13, and take place throughSaturday, November 29. Boston Public Works Department (PWD) will collect and compost residents leaves and yard waste. In April 2014, Mayor Walsh announced that PWD was expanding its Leaf and Yard Waste Collection program to include weeks during June, July, August, and September. During collection time periods, the PWD collects residents yard waste placed during their recycling day curbside and it will be composted. Since the start of the program expansion, over 1,000 tons of yard waste has been saved from the trash and composted.  Yard waste collection instructions:Leaf and yardwaste collection information is available here:http://www.cityofboston.gov/publicworks/wastereduction/yardwaste.asp.  Residents can find their trash and recycling pick-up information here:http://www.cityofboston.gov/myneighborhood/. 
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced a call for applications to fill an open position on the Boston School Committee. The School Committee Nominating Panel is accepting applications to fill the remainder of the term of Margaret McKenna, who resigned from the School Committee last month.""Margaret McKenna has been an integral part of the Boston School Committee, said Mayor Walsh. ""While on the School Committee, Margaret worked diligently to uphold the mission and vision of the Boston Public Schools. We're looking for someone to continue this work and partnership to boost student achievement across the board.""McKennas term would have expired on January 5, 2015. In addition, the Panel is also accepting applications for two four-year terms which will begin on January 5, 2015. Applicants may be considered for the remainder of McKennas term, or for one of the four-year terms, or both.Boston School Committee members are appointed to serve four-year staggered terms. When vacancies exist, the Mayor appoints members from a list of candidates recommended by a 13-member Citizens Nominating Panel, comprised of parents, teachers, principals, and representatives of the business and higher education communities.Those individuals interested in applying for the remainder of the term of Margaret McKenna and one of the four-year terms must submit an application by Monday, October 20, at 3:00 p.m. Those only interested in applying for one of the four-year terms must submit by November 7, at 3:00 p.m.To access the nomination form, or to request additional information, please visithttp://www.bostonpublicschools.org/domain/162, or emailscnominatingpanel@boston.gov."
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that the City of Boston has helped secure $3.8 million in resources towards housing and preventing homelessness for veterans. The resources come in the form of a $3 million grant from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) for providing services to low- and very-low income veterans who are homeless or at risk of becoming homeless, and an award from the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) of 85 rental assistance vouchers for the VA Supportive Housing Program (VASH), valued at approximately $870,000, to enable homeless veterans to access affordable housing with an array of supportive services.When we announced the Mayors Challenge to end veterans homelessness in July this year, I said that it would take strong partnerships to achieve our goals, Mayor Walsh said. I am grateful to the organizations who worked together to win these resources. The collective work of the New England Center for Homeless Veterans and Pine Street Inn, along with the Citys Department of Neighborhood Development, the Boston Housing Authority, and the Boston Public Health Commission, has helped this city take a major step forward in ending homelessness for veterans. In addition, I appreciate the work of the VA and HUD in providing and distributing these funds. No veteran should have to sleep on the street or have no place to call home. Today, these agencies have brought us one step closer to realizing that vision. Through the three-year, $3 million award from the VAs Supportive Services for Veteran Families Program (SSVF), New England Center for Homeless Veterans (NECHV), in partnership with Pine Street Inn and the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC), will assist 675 veterans and their families within the Boston Continuum of Care (CoC). Of the 675 veterans and families served, approximately 270 households will receive prevention services to help them maintain their permanent housing, and 405 will receive rapid re-housing services to place them into permanent housing within 90 days.NECHV is honored to be working with the City of Boston, Pine Street Inn, BPHC and the VA in this new and important service program, said NECHV President and CEO C. Andrew McCawley. The Center has a strong history of collaboration with all our partners, and this grant will strengthen those relationships, ensure the right support is available to veterans in Boston, and help advance the success of the Citys campaign to end veterans homelessness. Pine Street Inn is so very grateful to be one of the partners to receive these resources to help homeless veterans, said Pine Street President Lyndia Downie. We are proud to play a role, along with the New England Center for Homeless Veterans, the Citys Department of Neighborhood Development, the Boston Housing Authority, and the Boston Public Health Commission, in bringing an end to the tragedy of veterans homelessness. In addition to todays $3 million award, Mayor Walsh also announced that the BHA has been granted 85 VASH vouchers to assist homeless veterans in finding housing. The VASH program combines HUD housing choice rental assistance vouchers with support services from the VA Health Care system, in a program administered by the BHA with support from the Boston VA Healthcare for Homeless program. The vouchers, with an approximate value of $870,000, help veterans pay for rental housing, and are divided into two categories: tenant-based and project-based.  The 35 project-based vouchers awarded will be attached to an NECHV development project, currently underway, that will renovate several floors of the Centers historic building at 17 Court Street into housing for formerly homeless veterans. The renovation will create 35 new efficiency apartments and fund the renovation of the existing 59 units, expanding the number and quality of permanent housing units set aside for homeless veterans. The City of Boston, through the Neighborhood Housing Trust, has contributed $1 million to the development. The additional 50 VASH vouchers will be given to individual homeless veterans selected by the VA and referred to the BHA for a voucher. Those veterans with a voucher will receive assistance finding an apartment in the private rental market.  The vouchers are part of a total of $57 million in awards from HUD that will support more than 9,000 homeless veterans in finding permanent supportive housing.  
As renovations continue at Boston Public Librarys Copley Square location, library users and other interested members of the public are invited to a roundtable meeting for an update on the project and a look ahead to future improvements planned. The renovation roundtable will take place onTuesday, October 21, at 6 p.m.in the Guastavino Room at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.On display will be the three-dimensional model of the renovated library created by architects from William Rawn Associates Architects, Inc. Library staff members will be on hand to provide an overview of the project and answer questions. The first phase of the renovation, which includes a new childrens library, teen area, nonfiction collections, reference services, and community reading area is on track to be completed in March 2015. The second phase of the renovation, scheduled for completion in the summer of 2016, includes improvements to the first floor, mezzanine, lower level, and exterior of the Johnson building, which opened in 1972 and faces Boylston Street.Continuing updates on the Central Library renovation are published on the librarys website and information is displayed within the library on digital screens. Notable upcoming milestones in the renovation project include the relocation of childrens and teens services from the Johnson building over to the McKim building, which faces Dartmouth Street, and the closing of the Boylston Street entrance. Prior to that, an accessible ramp will be added to the Dartmouth Street entrance.Those not able to attend the roundtable are encouraged to visithttp://bit.ly/bplrenovation. In addition, interested residents can mail a letter via U.S. Post to Boston Public Library, 700 Boylston Street, Boston MA 02116, or send questions and ideas tocompass@bpl.org. Compass is the name of the librarys strategic plan.CAPTION: Architects rendering of the Central Library in Copley Square as seen from Boylston and Exeter Streets.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
Bostons Board of Election Commissioners reminds all voters that the last day to register to vote, change ones voting address, or party affiliation for the November 4 state election is OCTOBER 15. Those who wish to register or make changes by mail should make sure that their form is postmarked no later than October 15. Massachusetts Law does not currently allow these changes to be made via email.The Election Department, Room 241, at Boston City Hall, will be open until 8:00 p.m. that evening to accommodate registrants and those wishing to make changes. Voters entering City Hall after 5:00 p.m. should enter from the Congress Street side of the building opposite Faneuil Hall. There will be signage to direct voters to the Election Department.All mail sent to the Boston Election Department should be directed to Room 241, Boston City Hall, Boston MA 02201. Using the wrong zip code can delay the arrival of ones registration information or absentee ballot request.Absentee voters are required to fill out a new application each calendar year. Applications may be obtained by calling the Election Department at 617-35-3767, or through the Departments website:www.cityofboston.gov/elections. If a voter is unsure as to whether or not an absentee ballot request is up-to-date, he or she should contact the Department. All voters are urged to file their applications as soon as possible in order to expedite the mailing of the actual absentee ballots.Absentee ballots are also available for those who wish to vote in person at the Election Department. Early voting in Massachusetts will not take place until 2016. Any person voting absentee can do so only do so if health reasons prevent the voter from getting to the polls, the voter is out of the City of Boston all day on November 4, or religious reasons prevent the voter from participating on Election Day. Voters with questions about absentee ballots should call 617-635-2211.Questions about voting status can be directed to:election@cityofboston.gov.
From the start of this process, I have been up front about my serious concerns related to the Everett parcel. The Massachusetts Gaming Commission and their investigatory body clearly failed the people of Boston and of the Commonwealth by allowing -- even remotely -- the taint of corruption to be associated with this land transaction.
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that the East Boston Branch of the Boston Public Library earned LEED Gold certification.  Established by the U.S. Green Building Council and verified by the Green Building Certification Institute, LEED stands for Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design and is the world's foremost certification program for the design, construction, maintenance, and operation of green buildings.The City of Boston is committed to green design practices and eco-friendly development, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. By earning LEED Gold certification, the state-of-the art East Boston branch demonstrates how a successful architectural addition to a community can also be a sustainable one.The East Boston Branch, a 15,000 square foot building at 365 Bremen Street designed by William Rawn Associates Architects, Inc., opened in November 2013. The library building earned LEED certification for green design and construction in the areas of energy use, lighting, water, and material use as well as incorporating a variety of other sustainable strategies. The City of Bostons Property and Construction Management department managed this capital project. The East Boston Branch was funded by the City of Boston and the Massachusetts Board of Library Commissioners.The East Boston Branch features an open floor plan with dedicated areas for children, teens, and adults. The library overlooks scenic Bremen Street Park, complete with views of the Boston skyline from the librarys reading porch. The diversity of East Boston is signified and celebrated by stone pavers on the exterior of the Branch that show the name and distance to the capital cities of the top 21 countries of origin of the residents of East Boston. As part of the sustainable design of the library site, storm water from the roof and site is directed to three ""learning gardens"" along the side of the East Boston Branch. At each garden is an interpretive panel which tells visitors about the sustainable aspects of the Branch and the gardens.Learning starts the moment you step onto the library property in East Boston, said Amy E. Ryan, President of the Boston Public Library. From the beginning, this project strived to be an environmentally responsible community gathering place. Its rewarding to have achieved LEED Gold certification for what is already such a cherished asset in the neighborhood.LEED certification of the East Boston Branch of the Boston Public Library was based on a number of green design and construction features that positively impact the project itself and the broader community. These features include: water conservation through storm water management, rainwater collection, underground recharge tanks, and low-flow bathroom fixtures sustainably harvested and certified wood underfloor ventilation and conditioning a reflective roof high-performance glass daylight harvesting/dimming and occupancy sensors 75 percent of construction waste was recycled and use of low emitting materials and materials with recycled content.This building will not only have a long lasting impact on learning, but also on the City of Bostons environmental footprint, said Brian Swett, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open space. Developing new municipal buildings in a sustainable way demonstrates the Citys commitment to building healthier buildings for our citizens and to reaching our goal of reducing municipal greenhouse gases 25 percent by 2020.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the City of Boston announce thatFirst Night Boston 2015, the annual New Years Eve festival celebration, will take place December 31, 2014, throughout downtown Boston. Presented by Highland Street Foundation, First Night Boston 2015 provides a communal moment for citizens to celebrate the spirit and communities of Boston and serves as an economic driver by providing opportunities to showcase the business, hospitality and cultural offerings of downtown Boston, during the holiday season. Through music, dance, theatre, visual art, spoken word, and interactive activities, the city showcases the diversity of Bostons neighborhoods.In 2014, The City of Boston became custodian of First Night Boston, the largest and longest-running New Years Eve arts festival in the country. Each year from 1:00 p.m. to midnight on December 31, nearly one-million people gather in downtown Boston for a celebration that showcases over 1,000 artists in 200 performances and events at over two-dozen indoor and outdoor venues. First Night Boston features an afternoon Family Festival at the Hynes Convention Center, a Grand Procession parade that sweeps down Boylston Street, colossal ice sculptures that dot the citys landscape, and a dazzling ?reworks display to welcome the New Year. For nearly 40 years, First Night Boston has become a cherished Boston tradition and a signature event of the city.First Night is one of Bostons signature annual events, says Mayor Martin J. Walsh, in the same company as the Boston Marathon and Independence Day celebrations. Founded in 1976, by a group of artists and community activists, its the oldest and largest New Years arts festival in the world. Over the years, it has been replicated by over 250 cities and towns. While maintaining its accessibility and innovative spirit, First Night Boston will be an attraction for residents and visitors, supporting businesses in our local and regional economy.First Night Boston is a wonderful event, says Blake Jordan, Executive Director, Highland Street Foundation that provides access to the arts for Massachusetts families. With the Family Festival at the Hynes, to the Grand Procession parade, there is a great variety of fun family activities to choose from.Its an honor to help steward such a long-time, favorite Boston event, says Kenneth Brissettte, Director of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment. The upcoming First Night will attract amazing performers, and were thrilled to partner with so many of the citys businesses, cultural orginaizations, and hotels.First Night Boston 2015 Sponsors(as of September 19, 2014)Highland Street Foundation Presenting SponsorBank of America Family Festival SponsorSheraton Hotel Hotel SponsorThe Boston Globe Media SponsorWBZ Media SponsorFeatured programming, button sales, and VIP ticket packages will be announced shortly.For more information visitfirstnightboston.org.
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the formation of a Neighborhood Innovation District Committee to expand innovation and entrepreneurship in the City of Boston. The Neighborhood Innovation District Committee will seek to identify policies, practices, and infrastructure improvements to support the development of innovation districts throughout the City. The first meeting will beOctober 1 from 6:00PM to7:30PMat the Roxbury Community College at Roxbury Community College, Media Arts Room 1 (Room 301) at 1234 Columbus Avenue. The public is welcome and encouraged to attend.As we seek to foster and support economic development in Boston, it is essential for us to establish an environment that supports entrepreneurship and job creation throughout all corners of our city, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Innovation knows no boundaries, and our policies, infrastructure, and programs should reflect that, from West Roxbury and Hyde Park to East Boston and Charlestown.Comprised of local leaders and experts who represent businesses, community-based organizations, elected offices, and City of Boston departments, the Neighborhood Innovation District Committee will be chaired by John Barros, Chief of Economic Development for the City of Boston, and Edward Glaeser, Professor of Economics at Harvard University and Director of the Rappaport Institute for Greater Boston.""In today's economy entrepreneurship and innovation can offer flexible career choices for everyone, from a resident's first job to those looking to start a second or even third career, said Chief Barros. Having the ability and support to create and grow businesses can only make our neighborhoods and communities stronger."" This is an exciting opportunity to envision a Boston that is both more entrepreneurial and more inclusive, said Professor Glaeser.In addition to ensuring all residents have an opportunity to be a part of the modern economy, this committee will provide review and make suggestions for an inclusive economic agenda on innovation for the City, and lay the groundwork to pilot an innovation district embedded within a neighborhood. The members appointed to date include:"
OnSaturday, September 27, the Mayors Office of Emergency Management (OEM) will host Lets Get Ready! a city-wide multi-agency community fair to educate and encourage residents on what protective measures to take before, during, and after an emergency. The event is free and open to the public and wraps up Bostons emergency preparedness and awareness education campaign during National Preparedness Month in September.Residents often ask how they can help the City during an emergency, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. You can help by having an emergency plan that ensures you, and your family, can be self-sufficient following any emergency that may impact your normal routine.Emergencies can happen anywhere and anytime. That is why OEM is always on alert and ready to activate the Citys emergency plans, said Rene Fielding Director of OEM. This community preparedness event will give you the opportunity to meet City Departments and learn how you can prepare your family so when an emergency occurs you have a plan to keep your family safe.The Lets Get Ready! community preparedness fair will be held at BCYF Tobin Community Center onSaturday, September 27, from10:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m.At the event, residents will view a mock emergency shelter while learning about personal preparedness, pet sheltering, bystander CPR, and mobile City Hall services. All attendees will receive a family preparedness go-bag, filled with enough supplies to support a family of five people. Item quantities are limited and will be provided on a first-come, first-serve basis.Other departments providing information and in attendance at Lets Get Ready! will be Boston Centers for Youth & Families, the Boston Police Department, the Boston Fire Department, Boston EMS, the Boston Public Health Commission, the Inspectional Services Department, Greenovate Boston, City Hall to Go, Boston Water and Sewer Commission, Animal Care and Control, the Boston Parks Department, Suffolk County Sheriff's Department, American Red Cross, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency, and Target.During National Preparedness Month, OEM representatives have attended 19 Crime Watch, Neighborhood Watch, and Neighborhood Civic Association meetings across the city, to share emergency preparedness tips with residents. OEM representatives also met with department staff within City Hall to engage them in how emergency preparedness can be incorporated into the work they are doing and passed onto their constituencies.Additionally, OEM Director, Rene Fielding, hosted a Chief Chat on the City Hall to Go Truck in East Boston to answer citizens questions. OEM also held a Twitter Chat in conjunction with the Boston Public Health Commission and Greenovate Boston around emergency preparedness.Residents are encouraged to stay informed about incidents that occur within the City throughout the year by registering for AlertBoston, the Citys notification system. By registering for an AlertBoston account residents can receive alerts on their cell phone, work phone, via text message, email, or home phone. Residents can also specify the neighborhoods for which they want to receive information such as a home address, parents home address, a workplace, or a childs school, as long as those locations are within the boundaries of Boston. For more information about AlertBoston or to sign up for an account please visitwww.cityofboston.gov/alertboston.Follow @readyboston on Twitter for emergency preparedness tips and join the preparedness conversation using hashtag: #ReadyBos.
Today, the Boston Transportation Department (BTD) announced that the Dudley Square Municipal Parking Lot at #30 Ruggles Street re-opened on Tuesday, September 16. The public parking lot supports the surrounding business community by providing 77 free, short-term parking spaces for drivers who are visiting local shops, restaurants, the local branch of the Boston Public Library, offices, and other neighborhood establishments. The newly-renovated facility is now fully ADA-compliant, and is the City of Bostons first green municipal parking lot outfitted with environmentally friendly components, including bicycle racksThe renovated parking lot is a great investment in Dudley Square to add to the economic development momentum in the neighborhood, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. The final product is both functional and aesthetically pleasing, and is another step forward in making Bostons neighborhoods more green, efficient, and accessible. This is the newest in a series of positive contributions to the Dudley Square area.This parking lot is important to the Dudley Square business community, said Ron Garry, Jr., owner of Tropical Foods Market. Having the ability to offer free parking to our customers in a convenient location is an advantage that we are happy to have available to us.The Ruggles Street parking lot cost $600,000 to reconstruct. The parking lot offers five additional parking spaces than it did previously and, for the first time, it includes a bike rack to welcome residents and visitors who prefer to cycle. In addition, it is now fully ADA-compliant, providing new ramps and sidewalks leading into the lot to ensure access for patrons with physical disabilities. It also offers designated parking spaces with extra room for vehicles that are outfitted with equipment for drivers and passengers who utilize wheelchairs. Other improvements include new asphalt pavement and thermoplastic pavement markings, which replaced cracked and crumbling concrete, the replacement of old streetlights with new LED lights and the addition of more LED lights, and decorative fencing, trees and shrubs.The new Ruggles Street facility is also the City of Bostons first green municipal parking lot, incorporating environmentally friendly structural components. It includes a bio retention area for storm water management designed to divert storm water run-off away from storm drains that lead to a body of water in the area, such as Boston Harbor. The lot also utilizes special soil and landscaping that works to break down pollutants organically before the storm water becomes ground water.A second municipal parking lot in Dudley Square was also recently reconstructed. The lot, located at #44 Warren Street, is now fully ADA-compliant. The reconstruction cost $150,000 and was completed in July. It resulted in an increase of parking spaces from 23 to 25, the incorporation of a drainage system, new LED lighting, asphalt paving and thermoplastic pavement markings, decorative fencing and landscaping, including plant beds, trees and a shrub border. The lot previously had no drainage system and no lighting.BTD manages and maintains 32 municipal-owned parking lots that supply a total of 1,373 in-demand parking spaces in neighborhoods throughout the City, said James E. Gillooly, Interim Commissioner of the Boston Transportation Department. Short-term parking is available in these lots Monday through Saturday, from 8:00 AM to 6:00 PM, with no time constraints during the evenings and all day on Sundays. Renovations to all of the municipal parking lots are completed on a rotating basis with several lots being improved each year.
Today Mayor Walsh announced the City of Bostons partnership with a Boston tech company to encourage parking ticket recipients to pay their fines using their smart phones. The new customer service improvement is the result of a request for proposals issued by the City, which invited entities to propose a mobile parking ticket payment solution for City-issued parking tickets. The resulting partnership is between the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics, the Boston Transportation Department (BTD), and TicketZen, Inc., a company created by Boston-based Terrible Labs. For a three month pilot period, beginning on Tuesday, September 23, a reference to the mobile app TicketZen will be featured at the bottom of every computer-generated parking ticket issued by the Boston Transportation Department and will guide those with parking tickets through this new option for making payments.The City of Boston continues to innovate around customer service, said Mayor Walsh. Implementing new technology that makes the unpleasant chore of paying a parking ticket more efficient and effective, makes life in the city easier. Im pleased that we were able to partner with a local tech company to get this app done.TicketZen, a smart phone app available for both Android and Apple devices, utilizes the smart phone camera to scan the barcode on a parking ticket and connect the users payment details with the City of Bostons payment network. The app provides a smoother user experience than navigating to the Citys parking ticket payment website from a mobile phone. In addition, by prompting users to make timely payments, it helps them to avoid late fees that are routinely added to the original fine after 21 days. During the pilot period, the TicketZen service will be provided at no cost to Boston users beyond the standard credit card processing fee associated with the Citys payment portal.BTD is excited to have this opportunity to work with the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics and a local technology start-up on this parking ticket payment app, said Interim Boston Transportation Department Commissioner James E. Gillooly. We intend to continue to aggressively research and pursue new technology available to us that can help drivers, cyclists and pedestrians to navigate our local transportation systems, to enhance the customer service experience that we provide to our constituents.We are thrilled to partner with Mayor Walsh and Bostons Transportation Department to ease the process of paying a parking ticket, said Cort Johnson, Director of Business Development for Terrible Labs. Boston continues to be a leader through their sustained efforts to modernize the way its residents and visitors interact with the City and TicketZen is excited to be a part of that plan.The City of Boston continues to innovate to make government processes more accessible through digital channels. Recent efforts include: HubHacks, a civic-minded Hackathon to reinvent the Citys online permitting experience the installation of digital kiosks at several agencies across the City to connect constituents within two business days to City of Boston business development specialists and the expansion of Wicked Free WiFi, providing free wireless internet across Bostons Main Street districts.Smart phone users with questions or comments about the new app are encouraged to contact the Mayors Hotline at 617-635-4500.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the appointment of Julie Burros as Bostons first Chief of Arts and Culture in more than 20 years, following a national search. Burros will be tasked with stewarding the creation of Bostons Cultural Plan, and work as an advocate for the arts community across new policy creation. Burros is currently the director of Cultural Planning for the City of Chicagos Department of Cultural Affairs and Special Events, a position she has held for more than 15 years. She will begin her role as Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston in December 2014.Ive said from Day One that I want to elevate Bostons arts and culture profile, said Mayor Walsh. During the campaign, I often heard about the need for the arts to be more integrated into the lives of residents and visitors. Julie will bring a fresh perspective and a strong foundation of expertise to envision Bostons cultural future and execute a master plan for the arts.In her position with the City of Chicagos Department of Cultural Affairs and Special Events, Burros works at the intersection of planning, culture, community development, and capacity building. During her tenure she has strengthened the arts community, and improved the City of Chicagos cultural identity. Burros has a diversity of experience in policymaking, grant programming, non-profit development, and municipal government.Julie was instrumental in developing the 2012 Chicago Cultural Plan and engaging the public in that process, said Michelle T. Boone, Commissioner of the Chicago Department of Cultural Affairs and Special Events. Our heartfelt congratulations to Julie. This is a tremendous opportunity for her, and she will do a wonderful job.I am so thrilled to be joining Mayor Walshs team and look forward to putting all my experience to work for the people of Boston, said Julie Burros. Boston has great potential in the arts world, and this is a unique opportunity to examine all of Bostons cultural assets and align them with Mayor Walshs vision to make arts and culture a key piece across all City departments.Burros led the creation of the Chicago Cultural Plan 2012, which was awarded the Burnham Award for Excellence in Planning from the Metropolitan Planning Council, and is leading its implementation. In addition, in her current role she acts as a liaison between the arts community and regulatory City departments resolving issues with zoning, licensing, permitting, and building codes visions the redevelopment of vacant spaces in the City for arts uses, and supports Chicagos cultural districts. Her signature work in Chicago includes the 2009 Burnham Plan Centennial Pavilions in Millennium Park and the Chicago Cultural Landscape survey of 2002.Burros did her undergraduate work at the college at the University of Chicago, majoring in sociology, and did her graduate work at Columbia University at the Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation, with a focus on planning for the built environment.As Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston, Burros will oversee a staff of 9 housed within the Boston Arts Commission and the Boston Cultural Council, with a budget of $1.3 million. The Chief position has an annual salary of $125,000, and also includes oversight of the Boston Public Library system. The Arts + Culture cabinet was created by Mayor Walsh to elevate arts and culture by separating it from the previous administrations Office of Arts, Tourism, and Special Events.Pulling from her experience working on the Chicago Cultural Plan, Burros will steer Bostons 15-member Cultural Planning Committee through Bostons cultural planning process. The Plan will be shaped by a public conversation with the goal of creating a long-term vision that better capitalizes on existing resources and makes the Citys arts and culture creative portfolio stronger, more accessible, more sustainable, and more diverse. Burros will promote and execute the final plan, secure resources, and oversee its implementation and evaluation. In addition, she will be tasked with ensuring that all relevant City programs are aligned with the Plan.In addition as Chief, Burros will work to create a vehicle through which the City can increase diversity and inclusion in the arts, seek grants and sponsorship opportunities, and secure funding and support for Bostons arts community. Burros will seek to grow the arts in Boston across disciplines, from theater to dance, to the visual arts to public art.The Arts and Culture Chief search committee included 11-members, and was led by Joyce Linehan, Mayor Walshs Chief of Policy.Committee Members:Kathy Bitetti, ArtistPatricia Boyle-McKenna, Mayors Office of New Urban MechanicsDavid Dower, ArtsEmersonMichael Evans, Mayors Office of New Urban MechanicsDanny Green, Mayors OfficeVineet Gupta, Boston Transportation DepartmentPara Jayasinghe, Public Works DepartmentJill Medvedow, Institute of Contemporary ArtCharlayne Murrell-Smith, Childrens MuseumLois Roach, playwright/teacherMiguel Rodriguez, Boston Baroque
Voterregistration teams from the Boston Election Department, Mayor Walshs City Hall to Go Program, and the Secretary of the Commonwealth William F. Galvins Elections Division will visit college campuses across Boston on Tuesday, September 23, which has been designated NationalVoterRegistration Day. The State Election will take place on Tuesday, November 4, 2014.The teams will registervoters, provide information about absentee ballots, and give out StudentVoterRegistration fact sheets at each location.Geraldine Cuddyer, Chair of Bostons Board of Election Commissioners, is urging students who wish to register in Massachusetts to do so well before theOctober 15deadline.With several very competitive races going on in Massachusetts, as well as critical ballot questions, we are urging students, and all residents, to register early so that their forms can be processed in a timely manner, said Commissioner Cuddyer. This will give new registrants plenty of time to ascertain their polling location, familiarize themselves with candidates, and read up on the ballot questions.Locations forvoterregistrationon Tuesdaywill be:For more information on election topics, please contactwww.cityofboston.gov/elections.
Boston Public Library locations will host author talks and a range of lectures during the month of October. Highlights include:In addition to a range of author talks and lectures, several Boston Public Library locations will host discussions in October of the Boston Book Festivals 2014 One City One Story selection Sublimation by Jennifer Haigh. Visit the Boston Public Library calendarfor locations and datesof these discussions. All BPL locations are distributing free copies of the story while supplies last.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
The Mayor's Office of Arts + Culture will feature an exhibition of photographs by artist Brian Rosa of Jamaica Plain in The Mayors Gallery on the fifth floor at Boston City Hall. The exhibition will be on display October 1 to November 17, 2014.Brian Rosa (http://brianrosa.net) is an artist and urban researcher based in Jamaica Plain, and in Brooklyn, New York. An urban planner and geographer by training, he is an Assistant Professor of Urban Studies at the City University of New York. Rosa's photographic work has been exhibited throughout the U.S. as well as in Mexico, Great Britain, and Hong Kong and has been featured in the British Journal of Photography, Triple Canopy, Metropolis, and on NPR. He is one half of the creative studio Site Unseen, a collaboration with artist Adam Ryder, most recently featured at the Center for Land Use Interpretation in Wendover, Utah. Rosa was a 2013 Artist Fellow with the Massachusetts Cultural Council.My CONVEY series draws from photographs made in Mexico as well New York City, Pittsburgh, Berlin, Hong Kong, Madrid, and throughout England, says Rosa. In this series, I frame the often inadvertentand sometimes dissonanttensions between advertising semiotics and surrounding cityscapes. In particular, I am drawn to cities omnipresent billboards and hoardingthe tall walls constructed to block views and access to construction sites. Since real estate advertising tends to sell aspirational images of the future, while billboards often emphasize lifestyle ambitions, these images and texts serve as a hazy mirror in which contemporary society may be reflected. Or, at the very least, what we are told that we should desire by those who have something to sell.Im proud to utilize City Hall to exhibit artists from across Bostons neighborhoods, helping both city employees and visitors to Boston City Hall see some of the creative and artistic work that our city is so well-known for, says Mayor Walsh. I hope everyone in Boston can take some time to come in and experience the work exhibited in City Halls three art galleries.The Galleries at Boston City Hall are open to the public at no charge. Boston City Hall is accessible by MBTA via State Street (Orange and Blue lines) and Park Street (Green and Red lines). For additional information, call617-635-3245, or visithttp://www.cityofboston.gov/arts.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the launch ofBostons Fall 2014 Open Studios, which will cover the citys neighborhoods with paintings, photography, sculpture, jewelry, and fashion. Among the largest Open Studios series in the United States, more than 1,200 artists will open their studios to the public providing a rare opportunity to see the personal environments in which the work is created. All Open Studios are free and open to the public.Open Studios is a great Boston tradition that celebrates our residents who create visual art as well as giving everyone a chance to meet the artists who live in their neighborhood and across the city, said Mayor Walsh. Open Studios embodies the kind of community that makes Boston such a great place for artists to live and create.Twelve neighborhoods comprise the Boston Open Studios Coalition, formed in 1996. The first Open Studios event was launched in 1980 in the Fort Point area of South Boston and 2014 will mark its 34th anniversary.Open Studios is an ideal opportunity to discover established artists, up and coming talent, collectors, gallery directors, students, and aficionados as well as having the chance to see demonstrations and discuss art with its makers. Many Open Studios will also offer live music and community events near Open Studios locations.Public service messages about Open Studios will run this fall on electronic billboards at District Hall in the Innovation District, and in The Fenway with animation created by Jin Qu.Free Boston Centers for Youth & Families vans will be available at the Jamaica Plain and South End Open Studios to help residents reach different locations within neighborhoods. The blue and white Boston Centers for Youth & Families van can be identified by their colorful Open Studios signage. The Jamaica Plain shuttle will start at the Stonybrook MBTA station at the start of each hour. The South End Open Studios shuttle will loop through the South End and stop at the Piano Factory, Boston Center for the Arts, 450 Harrison Ave, and the Bates Art Center.The Fall 2014 Open Studios schedule in Boston is:Jamaica Plain ArtistsSeptember 20 and 21, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.United South End ArtistsSeptember 20 and 21, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.Roxbury Open StudiosOctober 3, 6 p.m. to 8 p.m.October 4 and 5, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.Fort Point Arts CommunityOctober 17, 4 p.m. to 7 p.m.October 18 and 19, 12 p.m. to 6 p.m.Dorchester Open StudiosOctober 25 and 26, 12 p.m. to 5 p.m.South Boston Open StudiosNovember 1 and 2, 12 p.m. to 6 p.m.Roslindale Open StudiosNovember 1 and 2, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.Allston Arts DistrictNovember 8 and 9, 12 p.m. to 6 p.m.Fenway StudiosNovember 15 and 16, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.Artists Group of CharlestownDecember 6 and 7, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.Information on specific neighborhoods, dates and websites of the organizations can be found at boston.gov/arts.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today launchedSolar SystemTM Boston, a new map which enables homeowners and businesses to quickly and easily understand their roofs solar potential and installation cost estimates. With over 12 MW of solar PV installed in Boston producing roughly enough power to supply 2,000 homes, the new solar map is one more tool to accelerate the adoption of solar and help Boston meet its goal of installing 25 MW of solar by 2020. Going solar is increasingly an attractive option for Boston homes and businesses, said Mayor Walsh. With solar prices plummeting, and Massachusetts having some of the best incentives in the country, this map will introduce the benefits of solar to a broader audience.Solar SystemTM Boston is a partnership with Mapdwell, a Boston-based M.I.T. spin-off that looks to advance collective sustainability through information, education, and choice architecture, to provide accurate and accessible information about going solar. The tool has mapped all 127,000 buildings in Boston for their solar potential and found that Boston has a potential for 2.2 GW (gigawatts) of solar power. While there are barriers to putting solar PV on every building with good sun access such as roof age and financing constraints, this map confirms the significant potential for solar to expand rapidly in Boston as installation prices continue to drop. The City of Boston prides itself on using data and innovative mapping technology to have a positive impact , said Jascha Franklin-Hodge, Chief Information Officer for the City of Boston. Solar SystemTM Boston will make it easier for residents to take action to increase the use of sustainable energy in the City. The City will be conducting a solar PV feasibility analysis of all its municipal buildings this fall through a separate contract. After finding the buildings with the most potential to install solar PV, the City will begin exploring the next steps to installing solar PV. Understanding our options to adopt and implement green building strategies is an important part of the Citys Climate Action Plan, said Brian Swett, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space. Not only will this new map help Bostonians go solar, but it can help residents, businesses and the City save money as well. The City is currently updating its Climate Action Plan, which after a year-long public engagement process, will be available for public comment in November. The plan will include existing and new strategies to reach the citywide goals of reducing greenhouse gas emissions 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050, as well as preparing for the impacts of climate change. To learn more, visit:http://www.cityofboston.gov/climate/bostonsplan/. Solar SystemTM Boston is the result of a collaboration between Greenovate Boston, the City of Bostons Department of Innovation and Technology, and Mapdwell. To view Solar SystemTM Boston, please visitwww.mapdwell.com/boston. About Greenovate BostonGreenovate Boston is a collective movement to ensure a greener, healthier and more prosperous future for the city by meeting Bostons goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050. Visithttp://greenovateboston.orgfor more information.About the City of Bostons Department of Innovation and TechnologyThe Department of Innovation and Technology is the City of Bostons enterprise technology organization that provides solutions to empower business partners across City departments and deliver services more efficiently and effectively. DoIT is focused on connecting the City, engaging and empowering citizens, improving business processes, working collaboratively and continuously innovating.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Christopher Byner, Interim Executive Director of Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF,) are pleased to invite you to attend the Re-Opening Celebration for the BCYF Draper Pool in West Roxbury on Saturday, October 18th. Guests are encouraged to arrive at 10 a.m. to enjoy light refreshments, music, programming information and more. The speaking program will begin at 10:30 a.m.Work on the pool began in September of 2013 and included a multi-million dollar renovation to the exterior of the building, mechanical systems, interior spaces, the pool and upgrades to the locker rooms. While the pool was closed, staff and programming moved to the West Roxbury Educational Complex pool in West Roxbury. They will return to the BCYF Draper Pool in time for the official re-opening.The BCYF Draper Pool offers a variety of programming including lessons for all ages, swim team, lap swim, open swim and family swim. The BCYF Draper is one of 17 pools operated by BCYF in Boston.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the City of Boston is piloting new approaches to a community compost program in Boston. This fall, the City will be collecting residential food waste at two communal residential food waste collection containers dubbed, Project Oscar and three farmers market.Composting is important for Bostons growing urban agriculture movement and meeting our waste reduction goals, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. This program demonstrates Bostons commitment to composting and willingness to try new approaches.Project Oscar, the result of a public-private partnership with innovation design firm, IDEO, consists of two key-pad locked containers for collecting food scraps that will be placed in two separate dense neighborhoods, East Boston and the North End. The initial pilot, which will run from September 22 to November 30, will be limited to 200 Boston residents living near the containers. They will be asked to go through a brief online training and provide intermittent feedback throughout the pilot. Participants will be given a code that allows them to unlock the bins and drop-off their food scraps at their convenience.As we explore various means of getting food out of our waste stream, lack of storage is often a major impediment in Bostons denser neighborhoods, said Public Works Commissioner Michael Dennehy. Project Oscar is a new model that may help Boston and other dense cities collect food scraps in neighborhoods, where it might not be possible through traditional collection methods.The farmers market collection is a spin off of last years pilot and will begin this Friday through the end of the market seasons. Last years program diverted over 6,000 pounds of food scraps from the waste stream. With support from City Soil, this years program is experimenting with three new markets--Dudley Square, Ashmont-Peabody and Roslindale. Also different from last year, the Department of Public Works will be providing the hauling services. With this pilot, the City continues to explores ways to make this program fiscally and environmentally sustainable.The Citys 2011 Climate Action Plan, which is being updated this year, establishes a goal of diverting 50 percent of residential waste from our solid waste stream by 2020, said Brian Swett, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space. A comprehensive organic waste program will be an important part of meeting this goal.To participate in Project Oscar, you must be a resident of either East Boston or the North End. The containers will be located in Maverick Square and by the Nazzaro Center. If you are interested in the participating, please emailOscar@Boston.govor call the Environment Department at617-635-3850.The food scraps collected from both the farmers markets and Project Oscar will be taken by Public Works to Rocky Hill Farm. The community compost program was a collaborative effort between the Department of Public Works, Office of Food Initiatives, Greenovate Boston and New Urban Mechanics, and is supported by City Soil, BioBag, and IDEO. It builds on the Citys continued efforts to increase composting throughout Boston. This summer, Public Works added four new leaf and yard waste collection days in addition to its regular spring and fall collection. These new collection days were in response to feedback PWD solicited last fall. Thus far, an additional 450 tons of leaf and yard waste have been diverted from the waste stream through these additional collection days.About Greenovate BostonGreenovate Boston is a collective movement to ensure a greener, healthier and more prosperous future for the city by meeting Bostons goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050. Visithttp://greenovateboston.orgfor more information.
"September 11th is a day of reflection -- a day of overwhelming emotion and sadness. Spending time today with families who have lost children, spouses, siblings -- is a reminder of how precious our time is with the ones we love. Every minute is one to be cherished and valued.""""The stories of heroic acts that ordinary people took in the face of fear and terror are humbling. In the City of Boston, our police department remains vigilant, and we know that policing in the City has changed since September 11th. Our world changed on September 11th.""Today Ive seen how grief and loss can result in hope. God bless our City, our first responders, and our country."""
The Boston Transportation Department, in cooperation with the Mayors Office of Neighborhood Services, will be hosting the next South/Hyde/Jackson Design Projects public meeting on Monday, September 29, 2014. The meeting will be held at 6:00 PM at the Kennedy School located at #7 Bolster Street. The agenda includes a Project Team led discussion of the design of Hyde Square and areas along the Hyde/Jackson corridor.All Jamaica Plain residents and neighborhood business representatives are encouraged to attend the meeting and get involved in the discussion.The South/Hyde/Jackson Design Projects is focused on developing a range of improvements focused on traffic, parking, bicycles, accessibility, and the overall safety and aesthetics of the areas streets and sidewalks. For additional information about the project, please visitwww.cityofboston.gov/transportation.
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that he will appoint Jerome Smith, current Director of the Office of Neighborhood Services, as his Chief of Civic Engagement for the City of Boston. The newly-created position is reflective of Mayor Walshs goals to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of City services, as well as create opportunities for Boston residents to participate with local government. Current Deputy Director Daniel R. Manning will assume the role of Chief of Staff for the Civic Engagement cabinet.Jerome joined our administration in May, and in his role within Neighborhood Services, he has shown great leadership and creative thought in how we approach serving the public, said Mayor Walsh. Both Jerome and Dan have a broad understanding of how we impact every aspect of the lives of our residents. We have a great opportunity here to apply our innovation philosophy to the way we engage residents, and Im excited to execute our shared vision.One of the strongest messages from the Walsh administration has been that Boston is a City of neighborhoods, with each neighborhood presenting unique challenges and powerful assets to the table, said Smith. Supporting greater involvement in our communities will only serve to strengthen the fabric of Boston. Im grateful to Mayor Walsh for this opportunity.As Chief of Civic Engagement, Smith will advise the Mayor on efforts to preserve and enhance the quality of services delivered to residents, including overseeing Mayor Walshs Civic Academies and NEW (Neighborhood Engagement Walks) Boston, developing neighborhood partnerships, resolving problems related to code enforcement, managing the Mayors 24-hour Constituent Service Hotline and Neighborhood Coordinators, and spearheading Mayor Walshs Problem Properties Task Force.In his position as Director of the Office of Neighborhood Services, Smith managed the Neighborhood Coordinators, helping to facilitate the delivery of services in collaboration with City departments. Prior to joining the Walsh Administration, Smith served as Chief of Staff to Senate President Therese Murray, responsible for all aspects of management within the Massachusetts Senate. Smith previously served as a neighborhood liaison to the LBGT Community under the office of former Mayor Thomas M. Menino, and as the Chief of Staff for former City Councilor Michael P. Ross.
"On Sunday, September 7th, Mayor Walsh, the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics, the Mayors Office of Womens Advancement, and the MIT Media Lab hosted Girls Make the City, anannual event that introduces 11 - 17 year old girls to science and technology.This year, 25 girls from local programs such as the Mayors Youth Council, Zumix, and Boys & Girls Club came together at District Hall in Bostons Innovation District to learn Scratch, an introductory programming language, from experts at the MIT Media Labs Lifelong Kindergarten group.My administration has a particular interest in proactively engaging and mentoring youth, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Today, we introduced 25 young women to role models in computer science, and we hope this sparks a lifelong interest.Girls Make the City provided a unique opportunity for students to connect with mentors in science and technology. The event included a surprise visit from acclaimed lyrical artist Nas, who has supported programs that address the gender gap in the technology industry. The event focused on an ""I Can Be"" project theme, which built upon Nas song ""I Can.Before programming their I Can projects on Scratch, the girls shared their ambitions on District Halls Ideapaint walls. Mayor Walsh and Nas shared stories and listened as the girls shared their dreams for their lives, answered questions, and presented their projects.About the Mayor's Office of New Urban MechanicsThe Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics in Boston serves as the City's innovation incubator, building partnerships between internal agencies and outside entrepreneurs to pilot projects that address resident needs.About the Office of Womens AdvancementThe Office of Womens Advancement is an embodiment of Mayor Walshs commitment to promoting women in Boston. The Office provides a permanent, effective voice for all female residents of Boston by working inclusively with public, private, and non-profit partners on key issues that significantly affect women and girls.About Lifelong Kindergarten group at the MIT Media LabMIT Media Labs Lifelong Kindergarten develops new technologies that engage children and teens in creative learning experiences. They are well known for creating Scratch, a highly visual programming language that introduces computer science to millions of people around the world."
"Today, the Board of Election Commissioners for the City of Boston released plans for tomorrows 2014 State Primary election.The City of Boston has well over the number of ballots to satisfy each of the more than 380,000 registered voters eligible to participate tomorrow. Of the over 1,600 election officers working tomorrow, over 400 are fluent in second languages. Boston has a total of 255 precincts at over 150 polling locations which will be open from 7:00 AM to 8:00 PM.All precincts will have English/Spanish ballots. English/Chinese and English/Vietnamese ballots will be available in precincts where the population requires them. Interpreters will be available to assist voters in Chinese (both Mandarin and Cantonese dialects), Vietnamese, Haitian Creole, Cape Verdean, and Russian as well as a number of other languages, at locations across the City.Inquiries regarding voter status made by email to the Boston Election Department should include the voters name, date of birth, and any associated residential addresses to ensure timely responses. The email address for the Boston Election Department iselection@boston.govand the telephone number is 617-635-3767.For more information about tomorrows election, go to:www.cityofboston.gov/elections. To find out where you vote, click on ""Voter Registration Search."" Voters who are listed inactive because they have moved to a new address within Boston should return to the polling location of their last registered address in order to vote. For voters outside Boston, the Secretary of the Commonwealth also provides a voter registration searchwww.wheredoivotema.com.REPORTER NOTESReporters are reminded that there are certain rules that must be followed in order to ensure a smooth voting process for voters as well as their privacy. The rules are:Interviews of voters are not allowed inside polling locations and must be done at least 150 feet away.Interviews with elections officers at polling locations are not allowed. Interview requests of Election Department officials will be directed through the Press Office at (617) 635-4461.Photos and b-roll shots will be allowed under the supervision of each polls warden.Photographers are reminded that zooming in on voter ballots and shots over the shoulders of voters will not be allowed  please respect every voters right to a private ballot.The following locations for b-roll shots are recommended:The City of Boston Election Department will also be available for b-roll shots starting at 7:30 AM. Election results for the City of Boston will be posted online atwww.boston.govin real time as the results are delivered back to City Hall after the polls close."
The Boston Cultural Council (BCC) is now accepting applications for its 2015 grant funding cycle. Under the umbrella of the Mayors Office of Arts + Culture, the BCC annually distributes funds allocated by the Massachusetts Cultural Council, a state agency, to support innovative arts, humanities, and interpretive sciences programming that enhances the quality of life in Boston.Mayor Martin J. Walsh has committed to matching the funds provided by the Massachusetts Cultural Council for the 2015 grant funding cycle from the City of Bostons budget. The BCCs budget for Fiscal Year 2015 is $163,080, a 6% increase of $11,060 over Fiscal Year 2014.This additional resource will enable the BCC to approve a greater number of grant applications than in year's past, says Mayor Walsh. These grants support a wide variety of artistic projects and activities in Boston, including exhibits, festivals, field trips, short-term artist residences or performances in schools, workshops, and lectures.Applications and guidelines are available online at:www.bostonculturalcouncil.com. Applications will be accepted in the following categories: Music, Film and Video, Traditional and Folk Arts, Visual Arts, Theatre, Dance, Humanities, Literary Arts, Multi-discipline, and Field Trips.Grant information workshops will be held in the Commonwealth Salon at the Boston Public Library on Friday, September 19, and Friday, October 3, from 1:00 p.m. to 3:30 p.m. The deadline for applications is Wednesday, October 15, at 5:00 p.m.The BCC is comprised of 13 Boston residents appointed by Mayor Walsh to serve for up to six years each. The BCC annually reviews applications during a series of fall meetings conducted to evaluate the overall quality of proposed programming and its potential benefit to diverse audiences in neighborhoods throughout Boston.The BCCs grantees will be announced in January 2015. For additional information on the Boston Cultural Council, visitwww.bostonculturalcouncil.com, or contact Arreen Andrew at617-635-2437or by email atarreen.andrew@boston.gov. 
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that Dr. Barbara Ferrer will step down from her position as Executive Director of the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) and will accept a new role as Chief Strategy Officer with the Kellogg Foundation. For more than half of her 25-year public service career, Dr. Ferrer has led the Citys work to improve the health of all residents, particularly those most vulnerable.Dr. Ferrer served first as its deputy director of BPHC, and has served as executive director since 2007. Under her leadership, Boston has seen improvements in childhood obesity rates, a decrease in asthma rates in public housing, a decline in smoking rates, and a significant decline in the infant mortality rate for Black infants.During her time as the executive director, Dr. Ferrer has secured federal and state funding to support critical public health infrastructure and community based programs, with over $35M awarded in the last year alone. Dr. Ferrers commitment to make timely public health data accessible to the citys healthcare and public health institutions as well as to residents has led to the development of evidenced-based programs that allow for progress to be measured.Barbara Ferrer has been a vital member of our Citys leadership team. She has made countless contributions and has played an instrumental role directing initiatives that have improved every aspect of health in Boston  from decreasing infant mortality rates to improving access to substance abuse treatment. said Mayor Walsh. I congratulate Dr. Ferrer on her new role and know that the Kellogg Foundation will benefit from her insight and years of experience.It has been a tremendous honor to serve under both Mayor Menino and Mayor Walsh as the Executive Director of the Boston Public Health Commission. I am proud of what the BPHC staff, our partners, and the city, have accomplished with and for Bostons residents, said Ferrer. I know that I leave the Commission in a strong position to continue its important work. I am excited take what I have learned here in Boston and translate it into a national and international philanthropic agenda that will help support communities improve education, health and economic security from a multifaceted approach.A formal search committee will be established following Dr. Ferrers departure on October 3, 2014. The committee, co-chaired by BPHC Chair, Dr. Paula Johnson, and Dr. Howard Koh, will be composed of BPHC Board members as well as non-board members. During the search process, Dr. Huy Nguyen, medical director for the Commission, will serve as Interim Executive Director.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh celebrated the grand opening of the Woolson Street Community Garden. The new garden, located on a formerly troubled Mattapan Street, is owned by Boston Natural Areas Network (BNAN) and will be maintained by the residents of Woolson Street.This celebration marks an important step in healing this community, said Mayor Walsh. This new community garden is a shared effort that brought our residents closer together, created a beautiful space on this street, and will increase access to healthy, fresh produce in this neighborhood.In 2010, violence on this street inspired the community to work with the City to acquire the vacant lot.. The effort to convert the lot into a garden was led by the residents of Woolson Street, the City of Bostons Department of Neighborhood Development (DND), and the Mattapan Food and Fitness Coalition, a neighborhood group dedicated to making the Mattapan community healthier.In January, DND issued a request for proposals for the 3,262 square foot lot to be developed as a community garden site. In March, BNAN submitted a proposal in response to the RFP with the goal of creating a community garden that would reflect the neighborhoods vision.The garden received an $85,000 Grassroots funding award from DND. Coupled with funding from the Boston Urban Gardeners Legacy Fund, BNAN was able to develop and create 15 new garden plots and a peaceful gathering area for residents.Today, residents enjoy the new garden withits 15 individual plots arranged in a curving walkway leading to a common area for community gatherings. A compost area in back turns weeds and clippings into fresh soil, while waist-high beds and pathways are handicapped accessible. The community is currently planning a memorial within the garden for victims of violence on the street.
At the request of South Bostons elected officials, the Boston Transportation Department will be implementing a 90 day pilot program in the City Point section of South Boston effective Friday, September 12, 2014. In accordance with the new program, the parking restrictions that are associated with the areas Resident Parking Program will be increased from four nights a week to seven. The pilot program is intended to increase on-street parking availability for neighborhood residents.District Two City Councilor Bill Linehan who has proposed the new regulations said, This is a concrete step to address one of the biggest issues impacting my constituents, a lack of parking for residents. In addition to the Resident Parking Program expansion, I am continuing to work with the Boston Transportation Department on other measures. We are exploring the possibility of angled parking and 50 new resident parking spaces were just recently identified in South Boston.The Resident Parking Program is in effect on residential streets throughout the South Boston neighborhood. On the vast majority of these streets, the Resident Parking Only restrictions are currently in effect from 6 PM to 10 AM, beginning on Mondays at 6 PM and ending on Fridays at 10 AM. In accordance with the pilot program, these restrictions will change to 6 PM to 10 AM every night in the area bordered as follows:Vehicles without a South Boston Resident Parking Permit will be allowed to park in spaces designated for Visitor Parking for a maximum of two hours from 6 PM to 10 AM daily.Currently, there are over 18,200 active South Boston Resident Parking Permits. These permits are required for vehicles to be parked in on-street parking spaces designated for South Boston Resident Parking Only. To receive a South Boston Resident Parking Permit the vehicle must be registered and principally garaged to a South Boston address. The vehicle registration and a current utility bill, major credit card bill, or other proof of residency, bearing the same name and address as on the registration, must be presented at the Office of the Parking Clerk, Room 224 in Boston City Hall when applying for the permit. All overdue City of Boston parking tickets must be paid before a permit will be issued. For complete program information, please visitwww.cityofboston.gov/Parking/residentparking/students.asp.
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced NEW (Neighborhood Engagement Walks) Boston, a comprehensive audit of every street in every neighborhood across Boston. Starting September 15, representatives from the Mayors Office of Neighborhood Services (ONS) will begin walking the 850 miles of city streets across Boston, in an effort to assess each neighborhood in great detail. The findings will be shared in a forward-facing story map, continuing the Mayors pledge for increased transparency and accountability in City government. This is the first step in revitalizing our work with Neighborhood Services, said Mayor Walsh. Our ONS reps are outstanding, but I want them to know every inch of the area that they represent and the best way to do that is to get on the ground and in the weeds. By combining technology and grassroots engagement, we can  for the first time in our history  truly assess every piece of this City, to better serve the people in our neighborhoods. ONS representatives will survey every part of their respective neighborhood, on the ground, and evaluating infrastructure challenges, identifying constituent concerns through conversations, and cataloging issues facing each neighborhood. The goal of this effort is to closely examine the City, allowing ONS representatives to understand every facet of their respective neighborhood while engaging with constituents on the ground and building relationships face-to-face. Mayor Walsh has challenged each department to take a fresh look at the work that we do, and the best way to begin is to conduct a comprehensive evaluation, said Jerome Smith, Director of ONS. We always want to take a long view and find ways to better serve our constituents. By combing the Citys streets, and logging everything we find, were fulfilling the Mayors promise to increase efficiency while supporting greater transparency. NEW Boston will be a cross-departmental effort, with ONS representatives working closely with the Citys Inspectional Services Department, Public Works Department, Transportation Department, and Parks Department, among others. ONS representatives will be equipped with connected tablets and data will be gathered utilizing mobile technology through existing apps such as Citizens Connect and City Worker. This is another step forward in Mayor Walshs pledge to upgrade infrastructure through technology, enabling ONS and the City to respond to issues effectively and in real-time, with greater transparency and accountability. The data from NEW Boston will be compiled by Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT), and will be shared with the public through a web-based story map. The map will show the routes that have been covered, highlight the issues that ONS has identified, and display the progress of resolving each issue. This audit will begin on September 15, 2014, with a goal of completion by the end of the year. At the close of this audit, each ONS representative will generate a neighborhood report outlining their findings, to be shared with the public and presented to neighborhood associations.  The ONS representatives leading NEW Boston include:
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Art Commission have named George Fifield, the Founder and Director of Boston Cyberarts, to its Board for a five-year term. Nominated by the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum, George Fifield is the first board member to fill the new seat on the Boston Art Commission, which was recently expanded from a five-member to a nine-member board.George brings a wealth of knowledge and experience to the Board of the Boston Art Commission, said Mayor Walsh. His broad understanding of digital arts and media is perfectly aligned with our strong support for public art and artists. George will be a tremendous asset to both the Boston Art Commission and the City of Boston.I want to thank Mayor Walsh and the Boston Art Commission for this exciting opportunity, said George Fifield. I look forward to helping to bring innovative and contemporary public art to Boston.Fifield is a media arts curator, writer, teacher, and artist. He is the founder and director of Boston Cyberarts, Inc. (http://bostoncyberarts.org), a nonprofit arts organization, which produced the biennial Boston Cyberarts Festival and currently manages The Boston Cyberarts Gallery inside the Green Street MBTA station on the Orange line. Fifield is a long-time Jamaica Plain resident.The Boston Cyberarts Festival celebrated a long tradition of technological and artistic innovation throughout Massachusetts from 1999 through 2011. The festival showcased artists and high-technology professionals from around the world who use new technology to advance traditional visual and performing arts disciplines.Boston Cyberarts also works on a variety of special projects in Boston, including Art on the Marquee (http://www.artonthemarquee.com) in partnership with the Massachusetts Convention Center Authority.Boston Cyberarts, the National Park Service, and Boston Harbor Islands Alliance are also collaborating on an ongoing project to commission public algorithmic art for display on the LED screens at the park Welcome Center on the Greenway between Faneuil Hall and the Ferry Ticket Center on Long Wharf.From 1993 to 2006, Fifield was curator of new media at the DeCordova Museum and Sculpture Park in Lincoln, MA. He was executive co-producer for The Electronic Canvas, an hour-long documentary on the history of the media arts. Produced by the DeCordova Museum for WGBH-TV, The Electronic Canvas aired in April 2000 in Boston and subsequently was in national PBS distribution. Fifield is also executive producer for the feature length comedy Made-Up, written and produced by his wife, Lynne Adams.In addition, Fifield has written on a variety of media, technology and art topics for Artbyte, Bomb, Communication Arts, Digital Fine Arts, The Independent Film and Video Monthly, Sculpture Magazine, and Art New England. Among his numerous curatorial efforts, he co-curated the computer installation art show, The Computer Is Not Sorry at the Space in January 1993 and in May 1999, he co-curated Mind Into Matter, the first international survey show of new digital sculpture at the Computer Museum in Boston.Fifield has taught at a number of institutions on New Media subjects. Presently he is adjunct faculty with the Digital Media program at Rhode Island School of Design where he teaches a graduate level course on Interactivity in the Fine Arts. He has lectured at Harvard University, Brandeis University, Massachusetts College of Art, University of California Los Angeles, University of Tampa, and many others.Fifield is also a member of VideoSpace, which he founded in 1991. VideoSpace, a project of Boston Cyberarts Inc., is a collective of media artists who have organized and presented exhibitions of video art at The Institute of Contemporary Art in Boston, the Mobius performance space in Boston, the Harvard Film Archives at Harvard University and produced shows for the Public Access Television Consortium of Eastern Massachusetts and arts organizations throughout New England. His own art videos have been exhibited at the Dallas Art Museum, the Contemporary Arts Center in New Orleans, The Institute of Contemporary Art in Boston, and the International Super 8 Film and Video Festival in Brussels, Belgium among others.In 2006, Fifield was honored with the First Annual Special Award for Distinguished Contribution to the Boston Arts Community by the International Association of Art Critics (AICA) Boston Chapter.Boston Art Commissions current Board members can be found athttp://www.publicartboston.com/content/who.For additional information about the Boston Art Commission, visithttp://publicartboston.com. 
Boston Public Librarys homework help program begins Monday, September 15, offering free drop-in homework help, academic support, and mentoring during the school year. Students across Boston can receive assistance in all K-8 subject areas.Homework help is offered 2-4 afternoons per week in Boston Public Library branches, depending on location, and is available on Saturday and Sunday afternoons at the Central Library in Copley Square.The program is not only a free resource for children needing assistance with school work, but it is also a paid opportunity for teens to gain valuable job experience and share their knowledge with young learners, said Jessi Snow, Youth Services Coordinator at Boston Public Library.The nearly 60 high-achieving high school students who provide the homework help are also developing their own time management and academic skills as they assist others with their school work. Last year, more than 10,000 homework help interactions took place at Boston Public Library locations across the city.Visitwww.bpl.org/homeworkfor the complete schedule of homework help sessions. The homework help program is sponsored by the Boston Public Library Foundation.Boston Public Library also offers online resources for students, includingLearningExpress Librarywhich allows learners of all ages to improve their skills by taking practice tests, completing exercises, and reading e-books on topics like mathematics, language arts, social studies, and more. Additional articles and resources for schoolchildren are available via theeducation electronic resourcessection of the Boston Public Library website.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh will join Boston Public Schools Interim Superintendent John McDonough and MBTA General Manager Dr. Beverly Scott at Maverick Station in East Boston to kick off safe, free, expanded school-year transportation service for Boston students in grades 8-12.Our schools, public safety agencies, and community partners have teamed up with the MBTA to ensure every student has a safe, on-time trip to school this fall, Mayor Walsh said. Even though thousands of students have taken the MBTA every day for years, this is the first year that we have coordinated so many resources to focus on student safety. Starting on Day One, students will see our teams in bright blue vests ready to help them ride the T and get to school safely and on time.At the request of the Boston School Committee, this spring, BPS launched a community effort that brought safety teams to every middle school to focus on improving safety for students who walk to school, take the T, or ride a school bus.This initiative supports the expansion of existing MBTA service to approximately 2,100 8th grade students this fall. In prior years more than 15,000 students in grades 9-12 and an additional 1,800 students in grades 7 and 8 already received MBTA passes instead of yellow bus service. Boston Public Schools provides transportation services to Boston Public, charter, private and parochial schools.This year the MBTA also worked with BPS to expand the existing five-day student pass to a seven-day pass, which is good from September to June. Students who qualify for transportation in grades 8-12 will receive their pass on the first day of school. Parents of students in grades 6 and 7 who currently ride yellow buses can request the free pass as well, which would then replace a yellow bus.An MBTA pass offers students the flexibility to get to school earlier and participate in after-school activities without relying on a yellow bus schedule, said MBTA General Manager Dr. Beverly Scott. We are proud of our record bringing more than 15,000 students in Boston to and from school safely every day and are looking forward to the opportunity to serve even more students this year as we expand our focus on safety and service.Students with disabilities who receive yellow bus service as part of an Individualized Education Plan (IEP) will continue to ride yellow school buses in all grades.We will work closely with the community this fall to make sure the additional students riding the T this year have a safe experience, said BPS Interim Superintendent John McDonough. This process has brought a significant level of commitment and cooperation this spring and summer. Now, as we begin the school year, this expansion allows us to offer more students the flexibility to participate in after-school activities along with the free seven-day pass they have long asked for.Families with questions about the MBTA pass program or transportation service in general can call the BPS Transportation Hotline at (617) 635-9520. Parents with specific concerns about student safety on the MBTA can also call the Hotline to request a wavier.Here are tips for parents and students to help prepare to ride the MBTA to school this year:
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that he will appoint Rahn Dorsey his Chief of Education for the City of Boston. The newly-created position is reflective of Mayor Walshs campaign promise to implement a long-term strategy based on equity, access, accountability, transparency, and collaboration among all educational platforms in the City of Boston.Boston is a city deeply rooted in education, and to create groundbreaking, innovative milestones in this world, we have to start making significant changes in the way we focus on education across the board, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Rahn Dorsey will be an exceptional addition to my cabinet. He shares my vision for this position creating a bridge between City Hall and all facets of education, from colleges and universities, to BPS, to parochial and private schools, to adult continuing education.In his five-plus years with the Barr Foundation, Rahn has made significant contributions to our education work, always keeping us grounded in the needs of students and families and helping us build relationships with countless partners across the city to improve educational outcomes, said James E. Canales, President of the Barr Foundation. The City of Boston will be the fortunate beneficiary of his considerable skills and thoughtfulness, and we look forward to a new phase of partnership with Rahn in this new leadership role for Boston.As the Chief of Education, Dorsey will be responsible for Bostons education landscape and tasked with crafting and executing an education agenda for the City. From early childhood education, to kindergarten, to junior high, to higher learning institutions, to educations for seniors, Dorsey will implementthe Mayors vision for academic excellence across the City  including nontraditional and traditional practices.Since 2009, Rahn Dorsey served at the Barr Foundation as Evaluation Director, leading development and implementation of data monitoring and evaluation frameworks for Barrs investments. Prior to Barr, Rahn gained over 15 years of experience as a program evaluator and researcher with Moore and Associates and Abt Associates. During these years, his work spanned public policy, education, community change, and public health issues.Dorsey currently sits on several Boston and New England boards and community organizations such as: The Black Philanthropy Fund, Boston Afterschool and Beyond, Third Sector New England, Bethel A.M.E. Church, The Boston School Quality Working Group, and Project Hip Hop.
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh addressed a group of labor leaders, elected officials, community leaders, and others for the Greater Boston Labor Councils annual Labor Day Breakfast, United Unions for Strong Communities.In his remarks, Mayor Walsh reflected on his background as the son of Irish immigrants, whose father found work as a union laborer to support his family. He praised the union leaders in the room for their successes in securing an increase in the minimum wage, extending health and safety protections to state workers, and in the passage of the Domestic Workers Bill of Rights.Mayor Walsh recounted additional successes in the support of his Living Wage Ordinance, and the resolution of longstanding unsettled contracts with the City of Boston. Since taking office in January, Mayor Walsh has overseen the successful negotiations of a number of City union contracts, including those with the Boston Fire Department, two of the Boston Police unions, city librarians, and most recently with the Emergency Medical Services workers.He also called on labor leaders to recognize a turning point:You are building on success now. And that requires different tactics and a different tone. Its time to do less battling, and more building. You dont need a bullhorn when youre in the boardroom. Believe me, they hear you loud and clear.Here in Massachusettshere in Bostonyou are no longer on the outside looking in. You are at the table, helping to build a permanent foundation for change. I learned in the Building Trades that to make something that will stand the test of time, everyone has to work together to build a solid foundation. And when we are talking about our future, that means everyone. Workers and management. Elected officials, community leaders, and business owners. Everyone. Together.Mayor Walsh challenged unions to help him make Boston the countrys premier city for working families, and to remove the obstacles facing working people, particularly women and people of color. He cited his appointment as Vice Chair of a new Task Force with the U.S. Conference of Mayors called Cities of Opportunity, created to address growing income inequality. And he challenged labor leaders to take the lead and set the tone that says: its time to work together. He said:What Americans want for our country and what Bostonians want for our city: a labor movement that is strong and smart can provide. Youve done it before and you can do it again. We need your energy, your ideas, your determination, and your heartfelt love of this great city and state.Everyone in this room knows how to lift people out of poverty, train workers for success, and build shared prosperity.Thats how labor will help rebuild the middle class.Prior to his election, Mayor Walsh rose through the leadership of Laborers Local 223 union, serving as head of the Building and Construction Trades Council of the Metropolitan District. In this role, he worked with business and community leaders and city officials to promote high-quality development and new jobs for the city. In partnership with the Boston Housing Authority, he created Building Pathways, a pre-apprentice program connecting building trades jobs and opportunities with those traditionally underrepresented in the industry, mainly women and people of color.The Labor Day Breakfast is held each year to recognize the contributions of the labor movement, and to honor the sacrifices made by those who fight for working people every day.Chartered by the National AFL-CIO, the Greater Boston Labor Councils mission is to improve the lives of working families, and to build a movement of unions and workers to advocate for working family issues in city and town halls throughout Greater Boston. Todays event was held at the Park Plaza Hotel with nearly 1,000 people in attendance.
"hts: the Boston Arts Festival will be held at Christopher Columbus Waterfront Park in the North End onSaturday, August 30 from 12 p.m. to 10 p.m.and onSunday, August 31 from 12 p.m. to 7 p.m.hts: The Boston Arts Festival is presented in partnership with State Street.Saturday, August 30th:12:00 - 12:45Chu Ling DanceChu Ling, a choreographer from China, is the founder and director of the Chu Ling Dance Academy. She has also taught and performed at many other institutions in the Greater Boston area, including Wellesley College, Boston University, and Harvard University.1:00 - 1:45City Stage Co.City Stage Co. sends original, participatory plays to reach family audiences in the neighborhoods where they live. At hts, City Stage Co. will perform folk tales with a 30-minute show dramatizing three traditional tales from European, Chinese, and Native American cultures.2:00 - 2:45OrigiNationFounded in 1994 by Artistic Director Shaumba-Yandje Dibinga, OrigiNation, Incorporated is a non-profit organization that produces innovative and dynamic performing arts programs which motivate, challenge, and inspire youth. OrigiNation offers dance, theater arts, and African history education, focusing efforts on providing services to young people from Dorchester, Roxbury and Mattapan.OrigiNation will feature four professional youth dance companiesNIA Dance Troupe, Girlz of IMANI, IMANI Jr and Aleye Boyz Troupe presenting a mix of dance styles from African to Modern Contemporary to Hip Hop, with audience participation.3:00 - 3:45Los Rumberso de BostonLos Rumberso de Boston is a trio of Mexican Bostonians, including guitarists Lito de la Isla and Angel Cespedes and percussionist Paul Sefchovich. The 2013 Boston Music Award winners combine a host of Latin influences with traditional styles in blues, flamenco, rock, dance, funk and reggae.4:00 - 4:45J Hoard and the Greenhouse PeopleJ Hoard and the Greenhouse People was formed to popularize a movement into soul pleasing, awakening, connecting music. The group is made of skillful, intelligent musicians who play with a mission to connect to anyone interested in listening.5:00 - 5:45Thalia Zedek BandThalia Zedek is a Boston singer, songwriter, and guitarist. Active since the early 1980s, she has been a member of several notable alternative rock groups, including Live Skull Come, Uzi, and Dangerous Birds. Zedek now leads the Thalia Zedek Band, which has released four albums on Thrill Jockey Records.6:00 - 6:45Nick Flynn reciting his poetryNick Flynns most recent book, The Reenactments, which Kirkus calls a truly insightful, original work, completes a trilogy begun with Another Bullshit Night in Suck City. His previous book, The Captain Asks for a Show of Hands, was a collection of poems linked to the second book of the trilogy, The Ticking is the Bomb, which the Los Angeles Times called a disquieting masterpiece. His poems, essays and non-fiction have appeared in The New Yorker, the Paris Review, National Public Radios This American Life, and The New York Times Book Review.7:00 - 8:00Animal Hospital EnsembleAnimal Hospital is Kevin Mickas one-man musical recording/performance entity. Formed at the tail-end of Mickas time with Boston band The Common Cold, Animal Hospital, Kevin has consistently toured the United States, the U.K., and Europe.Sunday, August 31:12:00 -12:45Cornell ColeyBorn in Kingston, Jamaica of Cuban and Jamaican parents, Cornell Coley, M. Ed. is an arts educator with over 20 years of experience teaching around the world. He holds a B.A. from Tufts University, a M.Ed. from Cambridge College, studied cultural anthropology at UCLA and traveled to Ghana, Africa for one year to study dance. Cornell is an accomplished dancer and percussionist, performing at festivals world-wide. His percussion skills include drum kit, timbales, congas, bongos, talking drum, berimbau, cajon, and other Latin percussion. His dance specialties include Afro-Cuban, Afro-Brazilian, Congolese, Ghanaian and salsa.1:00 - 1:45City Stage Co.City Stage Co. sends original, participatory plays to reach family audiences in the neighborhoods where they live. At hts, City Stage Co, will perform folk tales with a 30-minute show dramatizing three traditional tales from European, Chinese, and Native American cultures.2:00 - 2:45Grey SeasonGrey Season is a 5-piece folk-rock band based out of Boston. Their debut EP ""Troilus"" was released in May 2013, and since then they have performed at a variety of venues throughout the Northeast, from radio stations, basements, pop-up markets, and conventions to galleries, bars, colleges, and concert venues. In January 2014, after a successfully funded Kickstarter campaign, Grey Season recorded their first full-length LP, ""Time Will Tell you Well."" The album was released in April and can be streamed on their bandcamp site.3:00 - 3:45Isis LuneIsis Lune is a Boston-based band featuring Ella Joy Meir on vocals and piano, Asher Kurtz on guitar, Ran Gil on keys, Aaron Liao on bass, and Tim Merle on drums.4:00 - 4:45Inta AfrikaInsta Afrika is a drum circle with group participation.5:00 - 7:00The MothThe Moth, as heard on NPR, is dedicated to promoting the art and craft of storytelling. The goal of The Moth is to present the finest storytellers among established and emerging writers, performers and artists, and to encourage storytelling among populations whose stories often go unheard. The Moth was the only New York-based arts organization to win a 2011 MacArthur Award for Creative & Effective Institutions (MACEI), for sharing humanitys stories one person at a time.Public art events will run from12 noon to 6 p.m.both days: As always, the hts Village of juried artists will offer an eclectic selection of local, handmade jewelry, crafts, and artwork for sale. For the second year in a row, the City of Boston and Summer on the Waterfront are holding Boston Harbor fireworks at9 p.m.on theSaturdaynight of Labor Day Weekend during hts. Lead sponsor Boston Harbor Cruises and supporting sponsors the Boston Harbor Hotel, the Boston Globe, and the City of Boston are generously underwriting the event.Christopher Columbus Waterfront Park can be reached via the MBTA at Aquarium Station on the Blue line."
Boston Public Library celebrates Library Card Sign-up Month in September, a time when libraries across the country remind children, teens, and adults about the power of their library card.Our libraries are invaluable resources for community members and play a critical role in furthering the education of our residents, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. I encourage Bostonians to take advantage of the free services the library system provides and sign up for a card.Sign up for a Boston Public Library card can be done in person atBoston Public Library locations across the citywith a photo ID and proof of current residence. For immediate access to the librarys digital resources, many people start with a Boston Public Library e-card viawww.bpl.org/ecard. An e-card opens the door to free e-books and audiobooks streaming music, television, and video digital magazines, online language learning programs, career resources, and more.Last year, Boston Public Library helped 73,000 Massachusetts residents sign up for a library card, said Amy E. Ryan, President of the Boston Public Library. Having a library card is a gateway to tremendous opportunities for learners of all ages.The Boston Public Library system hosts 3.7 million visitors a year and 10,000 free exhibitions, classes, author talks, lectures, story times, and more. To learn about getting a Boston Public Library card, visithttp://bit.ly/BPLgetcarded. Anyone who lives, works, or goes to school in Massachusetts can have a Boston Public Library card.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
Students and others moving into Boston over Labor Day Weekend should be aware that temporary traffic and parking restrictions will be implemented in busy residential areas around the city to help facilitate a smooth move day for new residents. Temporary traffic changes and detours will be instituted as necessary by the Boston Police Department and the Boston Transportation Department will be implementing the following temporary parking restrictions. Please plan accordingly.Northeastern University Area Tow Zone No Parking,August 25 through September 1Forsyth Street, both sides, from Huntington Avenue to Hemenway StreetHemenway Street, odd side, from Forsyth Institute parking lot (near Fencourt Road) to Westland AvenueOpera Place, both sides, from Huntington Avenue to Saint Stephen StreetSaint Stephen Street, both sides, from Gainsborough Street to Opera PlaceNortheastern University Area Tow Zone No Parking,Monday, September 1Gainsborough Street, both sides, from Huntington Avenue to Hemenway StreetSymphony Road, both sides, from Saint Stephens Street to Hemenway StreetWestland Avenue, both sides, from Hemenway Street to Massachusetts AvenueHemenway Street, even side, from the Forsyth Institute parking lot (near Fencourt Road) to Westland AvenueSaint Stephen Street, both sides, from Gainsborough Street to MassachusettsMission Hill NeighborhoodMonday, September 1Bucknam Street, odd side, Lawn Street to Fisher AvenueCalumet Street, both sides, from Darling Street to Hillside StreetDarling Street, even side, from Calumet Street to Hillside StreetEldora Street, even side, from Sunset Street to Hillside StreetHillside Street, north side, from Parker Hill Avenue to Parker StreetJudge Street, west side, Parker Hill Avenue to Iroquis StreetLawn Street, north side, from Estrey Street to Bucknam StreetMission Street, east side, from Stockwell Street to Huntington AvenueOswald Street, west side, from Calumet Street to Hillside StreetParker Hill Avenue, west side, from Huntington Avenue to Hillside StreetPequot Street, odd side, from Wait Street to Calumet StreetPontiac Street, west side, from Tremont Street to Hillside StreetSachem Street, west side, from Hillside Street to Calumet StreetSaint Alphonsus Street, both sides, from Alleghany Street to Calumet StreetStockwell Street, odd side, from Wait Street to Frawley StreetSunset Street, even side, from Parker Hill Avenue to Hillside StreetWait Street, odd side, from Huntington Avenue to Hillside StreetBoston University Area Tow Zone No Stopping, 8 AM to 10 PM,August 28 through September 2Pratt Street, even side, from Linden Street to Ashford StreetAshford Street, even side, from Linden Street to Malvern StreetGardner Street, even side, from Linden Street to Malvern StreetLinden Street, even side, from Gardner Street to Pratt StreetHighgate Street, even side, from Cambridge Street to Farrington AvenueFarrington Avenue, both sides, from #16 Farrington Avenue to #15 Farrington AvenueResident Permit Parking ProgramThe Boston Transportation Department discourages students moving temporarily to Boston for the academic year from bringing their personal vehicles with them to the city. On-street parking is scarce, but Boston is fortunate to be easily accessible by public transportation via the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (please seewww.mbta.comfor service information.)If you must bring your car to Boston it is important to know that a City of Boston Resident Parking Permit is required for on-street parking on many streets in the citys neighborhoods. A vehicle parked in a Resident Parking Only zone without properly displaying a Resident Parking Permit is subject to a $40.00 parking ticket, and it should be noted that these Resident Parking Only regulations are strictly enforced. Although the permits are free of charge, among other requirements, the vehicle must be registered and principally garaged to the applicants Boston address before a permit will be issued. No exceptions are made for students.Please seewww.cityofboston.gov/Parking/residentparking/students.aspfor detailed information.Street Occupancy Permits for Moving PurposesStudents moving into off-campus housing should be aware that they may need a Street Occupancy Permit for moving purposes, particularly if their move requires parking a large vehicle in a legal parking space in close proximity to their new address. This permit, which must be obtained at least three business days prior to the move day, authorizes the holder to restrict access to that portion of the street for the length of time specified on the permit.It is important to note that the permit must be obtained in person at Boston City Hall. Application hours are Monday through Friday, 9AM to 5 PM, excluding holidays. The base fee is $50.00 with an additional fee of $1.00 per square foot based on the size of the truck and the space needed to load/unload. For occupancy of metered spaces there is also a charge of $20.00 per meter head per day and the applicant must provide the corresponding numbers for any meter heads at that location. In addition, cardboard City of Boston No Parking signs must be posted to designate the restricted area. A $4.00 per sign fee is charged. It is the responsibility of the permit holder to post these signs a minimum of 48 hours in advance of occupancy in a residential area.Please seewww.cityofboston.gov/StreetOccupancy/for detailed information.
The Boston Transportation Department is reminding drivers that City of Boston-issued resident parking permits for Charlestown will expire on Tuesday, September 30, 2014. Notices have been sent to current permit holders advising them of the process for renewing their permits by mail, on-line, or in person at City Hall. To further ensure the convenience of the resident parking permit process, residents may also apply to renew an existing permit, or apply for a new permit, at Bostons City Hall to Go truck, which will be stationed in the neighborhood each week during the month of September. The permit will then be mailed in 5-7 business days.The City Hall to Go trucks upcoming schedule is as follows.Charlestown:To renew a resident parking permit at the truck, residents must make available their current permit number, and their Massachusetts Motor Vehicle Registration. If renewing for a leased vehicle or company car, the current Massachusetts motor vehicle registration, indicating that the vehicle is principally garaged in Boston, must also be provided. To request a new permit, the resident must present a completed City of Boston resident parking permit application, the vehicles Massachusetts motor vehicle registration, and current proof of residency (within the last 30 days) in the form of a major credit card bill, utility bill, or monthly bank statement with the same name and address as on the vehicle registration.In addition, to both renew and apply for a new resident parking permit, residents must first pay any overdue City of Boston parking violations. Payments may be made by telephone with MasterCard or Visa by dialing (617)-635-3888 via the web atwww.cityofboston.gov/parking or in person at the Office of the Parking Clerk, Room 224, Boston City Hall.Vehicles displaying a resident parking permit are allowed to park in spaces designated Resident Permit Parking Only. Vehicles parked in violation of the resident parking regulations are subject to a $40 fine.
Representatives from several City departments will conduct targeted housing inspections, trash inspections, and information drops, in student-heavy neighborhoods, fromFriday, August 29, throughMonday, September 1, 2014. In addition, the City has launched a social media campaign, called #Boston101, to highlight city services available to students throughout the year, as well as a revamped students section of the City of Bostons website, atwww.cityofboston.gov/students/.Were preparing for an efficient and effective student move-in process this year, said Mayor Walsh. By coordinating across departments, we will assist students moving into and across the City to get settled into safe off-campus housing, and provide them with the tools they need to stay connected with the City all year.The Inspectional Services Department (ISD) will have up to 50 inspectors canvassing Allston, Brighton, Fenway, and Mission Hill. Inspectors will target addresses with a history of violations, as well as units identified through random selection. They will execute on-the-spot rental safety inspections upon renter request, and confirm that units are registered with the City of Boston in compliance with the City's Inspection and Re-Inspection of Rental Units Ordinance, which requires that all private rental units are registered annually. Inspectors will be circulating through other Boston neighborhoods, including Beacon Hill, Back Bay, Dorchester, East Boston, Jamaica Plain, the North End, South Boston, and the South End to check for student move-in activity, and will deploy inspectors if necessary.ISDand the Public Works Department (PWD) will be posting information about bed bugs, reminding students to avoid used furniture, and to notify their landlord immediately in the event of a suspected infestation. The Code Enforcement Division of PWD will be issuing citations for trash violations, including improperly placed trash, and trash placed on the curb on the incorrect trash day. Trash trucks will be circulating through key student move-in neighborhoods to collect discarded items that have been placed on the curb. New residents can visitwww.cityofboston.gov/myneighborhoodto find their trash and recycling dates.OnMonday, September 1, representatives from the Mayors Office of Neighborhood Services will be staffing tents at Cleveland Circle in Brighton, at the Hess Gas Station at 100 Brighton Avenue in Allston, and in Calumet Square in Mission Hill. They will be distributing #Boston101: Student Guides to City Services booklets and a bookmark with move-in tips from ISD and Greenovate Boston. They will be on-hand to assist students with City information, and directing students with questions or concerns to call the Mayors Hotline at617-635-4500, tweet @notifyboston, or use the City of Bostons Citizens Connect App.The Boston Transportation Department will be implementing on-street parking restrictions on several streets in Allston and Brighton fromFriday, August 28, throughTuesday, September 2, and in Mission Hill and Fenway onMonday, September 1. In addition, on-street parking restrictions will be in effect around Northeastern University this week through toMonday, September 1. Signs will be posted in affected neighborhoods.The newly-redesigned website,www.cityofboston.gov/students, has been updated to improve user experience, providing relevant information on safe rental housing, move-in tips, public transportation, and things to do in the City. #Boston101 is a social media campaign featuring animated videos, blog posts, and graphic content that will run from the @NotifyBoston and @Onein3 Twitter handles during the month of September.In 2013, there were nearly 36,000 undergraduate and graduate students estimated to be living off-campus in the City of Boston at more than 13,300 unique addresses. In July 2014, upon request of Mayor Walsh, Bostons colleges and universities provided the City with the addresses of students living off-campus. Department of Neighborhood Development analysts reviewed the data and identified 437 addresses where more than four unrelated undergraduates might live, in violation of Bostons Student Zoning Amendment. Of that list, 149 addresses, with 2,000 student residents, were flagged for potential concern, such as students exceeding the number of bedrooms. ISD has visited 137 of these units to look for violations since July, and will revisit them during the student move-in period.
The City of Boston yesterday filed an appeal with the Department of Homeland Securitys Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) of the 2013 Preliminary Flood Insurance Rate Maps (FIRMs) for Boston. This appeal comes after a study, completed by an independent consultant hired by the City, indicated inconsistencies and potential errors in the mapping and flood study approach used by FEMA. The Citys technical and scientific appeal will request that FEMA publish new Preliminary FIRMs based on the studys findings, and hold a new 90-day appeal and public comment period.These maps have significant implications for Bostonians, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. We are doing our due diligence to make sure they are established with the best available data and appropriate modeling methodology.FEMA released Suffolk Countys new maps on November 15, 2013, for public review. The new maps added 1,585 acres of land to the 100-year floodplain, which includes 13,709 housing units and 4,202 businesses. All properties with federally-backed mortgages or loans in the 100-year floodplain are required to carry flood insurance and comply with flood protection standards in local zoning and state building codes.The City is ensuring that the new FEMA maps best reflect the current flood risk of Boston, said Brian Swett, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space. However, these maps do not address the future impacts of climate change and sea level rise. We know that coastal flooding will get worse in the decades to come, and the City has a number of initiatives underway to better prepare for this challenge.Because of the significant impacts of these maps, the City of Boston hired Woods Hole Group (WHG) through a competitive bid process to evaluate FEMA's flood mapping methodology, data sources and modeling. WHGs final report found inconsistencies in FEMAs mapping and flood study approach, resulting in approximately 507 acres of land that should be removed from the 100-year floodplain, as well as 33 acres that should be included. These findings serve as the grounds for a technical appeal with FEMA. In addition, WHG is currently conducting more detailed and accurate hydrodynamic flood modeling of Boston Harbor, which will be completed and submitted as supplemental information as a basis for a scientific appeal.After the appeal period closes, FEMA will respond to all comments and appeals.FEMA has been updating FIRMs to more accurately delineate the areas subject to coastal flood hazards, known as the 100-year floodplain. Suffolk Countys maps were the last to be released in Massachusetts last November. The official Comment and Appeal Period began on May 29, 2014 and ended on August 27, 2014 and the City ensured that the public was informed of the appeal period via the hand-distribution of flyers to affected neighborhoods, as well as an email to relevant business umbrella groups such as A Better City, Greater Boston Real Estate Board, NAIOP and The Boston Harbor Association. The City solicited comments and appeals from the community to be submitted with its appeal. One comment was submitted.Supplemental Document: Mayor Walsh's appeal letter to FEMA
"I'm being updated regularly on this situation, and have been informed that Veolia and the bus drivers union continue to negotiate a new contract in good faith. I expect that they will reach a resolution that will provide certainty for all families every day. This is what students and parents deserve.The current situation, however, does not appear to be about a new contract. It is unfortunate that a small group of drivers have refused to participate.""I'm incredibly frustrated, and I know that parents, students, and school administrators and staff share this frustration. This is unacceptable, and I will continue to do everything in my power to ensure that students get to and from school safely."""
The exhibitionBack to School: Geography in the Classroomopens at the Norman B. Leventhal Map Center at the Boston Public Library on Tuesday, September 2, and runs through January 25, 2015. The exhibition, curated by assistant curator Stephanie Cyr, focuses on the variety of formats used to engage American schoolchildren in the late 18thto 20thcenturies to develop their geographic skills.Traditionally viewed as an essential subject for boys and girls education, geography was taught to American children in primary school, and to young adults studying in high school and college settings. In this display of 40 maps, globes, games, atlases and related objects, the evolution of geographic education is examined through observing visual aids used by teachers in the classroom and viewing unique student-produced geography projects dating back hundreds of years.This exhibition for people of all ages shows the variety of ways students learned from maps in the past, said Janet Spitz, executive director of the Norman B. Leventhal Map Center. Students study and compare maps in our current K-12 education programs and learn to identify multiple perspectives, engage in critical thinking, and construct arguments.TheLeventhal Map Centeris located in the Central Library in Copley Square, 700 Boylston Street. It is open Monday  Thursday: 10 a.m.  7 p.m. Friday and Saturday: 10 a.m.  5 p.m. and Sunday: 1 5 p.m.The opening of the exhibition will be celebrated on Thursday, September 11, withrefreshments in the Map Center at 5 p.m.and alecture at 6 p.m.in the Commonwealth Salon by Susan Schulten, presenting Educating a New Nation: Maps and Knowledge in 19thCentury America.Image:The Good Old Game of Innocence Abroad,Parker Brothers,Salem, MA, 1888.About the NORMAN B. LEVENTHAL MAP CENTERThe Norman B. Leventhal Map Center is ranked among the top 10 map centers in the United States for the size of its collection, the significance of its historic (pre-1900) material, and its advanced digitization program. It is unique among the major collections because it also combines these features with exceptional educational and teacher training programs to advance geographic literacy among students in grades K-12 and enhance the teaching of subjects from history to mathematics to language arts. The collection is also the second largest in the country located in a public library, ensuring unlimited access to these invaluable resources for scholars, educators, and the general public. The Leventhal Map Center, created in 2004, is a nonprofit organization established as a public-private partnership between the Boston Public Library and philanthropist Norman Leventhal. Its mission is to use the Boston Public Librarys permanent collection of 200,000 maps and 5,000 atlases and a select group of rare maps collected by Mr. Leventhal for the enjoyment and education of all through exhibitions, educational programs, and a website that includes thousands of digitized maps atmaps.bpl.org. The map collection is global in scope, dating from the 15th century to the present, with a particular strength in maps and atlases of Boston, Massachusetts, and New England.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
Digital kiosks have been installed at several agencies across the city that will connect constituents within two business days to City of Boston business development specialists, trained to help small businesses navigate the complex permitting and licensing system, and connect them with resources and technical assistance.I am committed to making sure that small businesses throughout Boston are supported from concept to launch, including the highest level of customer support through the permitting process, said Mayor Walsh. Technology is an important way to improve efficiency and provide people with the information they need. These kiosks are just one small part of improving the technology behind a better, more user-friendly permitting process.The seven kiosks have been placed at the Inspectional Services Department and the Fire Prevention Division of the Fire Prevention Divisionat 1010 Massachusetts Avenue, and the Consumer Affairs and Licensing Department, the Boston Licensing Board, the Department of Neighborhood Development, and the Boston Redevelopment Authority at 1 City Hall Plaza.This reform is the latest improvement to Bostons permitting and licensing system, led by Mayor Walshs interagency permitting team, which has been meeting regularly since February to improve the process, technology and tracking of permit applications citywide.In August Mayor Walsh launched a joint effort with the Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) and the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM) to host the Citys first-ever Hubhacks Permitting Challenge. The civic-minded Hackathon kicked off a project to reinvent the Citys online permitting experience, one of the most common ways that Bostonians interact with the City of Boston, by reaching out to Bostons tech community.In addition, Mayor Walsh recently announced the creation of a streamlined Zoning Board of Appeals (ZBA) process for small businesses and 1-2 family owner-occupied residential applications. A subcommittee of the Zoning Board of Appeals will meet bi-weeklyon Thursdaynights to hear zoning relief requests from small businesses and smaller residential projects. Previously, these meetings occurred less frequently, and these latest changes will aid small businesses and homeowners making renovations to their properties, by directing tailored attention to smaller projects and major developments. 
Emergencies dont wait for you to prepare before they strike, and we know all too well that they can happen at any time, anywhere. Emergency preparedness sounds daunting, but by taking small actions every week or every month, getting prepared can become part of your regular routine, just like buying groceries or doing laundry.September is National Preparedness Month and I am asking all Bostonians to join us in taking steps to prepare our households, neighborhoods, and communities. We are constantly working to improve the way we provide vital services to residents and visitors during an emergency. The actions you take now can help keep the City strong and resilient, improving our ability to bounce back and recover more quickly when an emergency does happen.I encourage you to visit our Ready Boston websitewhere we are providing you with 30 preparedness tips -- one for every day in September. ReadyBostons guidelines are modeled from the FEMA ReadyAmerica initiative, and provide steps to help you prepare your household through emergency plans and kits, awareness of hazards, and involvement in community preparedness organizations. Each tip gives an action that you can take to prepare your family, home, work or school, and community. In addition, you can learn more about Community Preparedness Basics by taking our online course at:https://delvalle.bphc.org/readysafehealthy.We also want you to join us throughout the month with these three events:Our goal is to educate and empower you. We work hard to ensure that Boston residents and visitors are prepared, but we cant do it alone. Individuals like you are the most important members of our emergency management team.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the City of Boston has joined a recently formed global consortium working to develop international standards for a host of city indicators. Boston is the first city in the United States to become a Foundation Partner in theWorld Council on City Data(WCCD), joining a select group that includes Amman, Barcelona, Bogota, Buenos Aires, Dubai, Guadalajara, Haiphong, Helsinki, Johannesburg, London, Makati, Makkah, Melbourne, Minna, Rotterdam, Sao Paulo, Shanghai, and Toronto.The WCCD, which launched at theGlobal Cities Summitin May, coordinates efforts across cities to ensure a consistent and comprehensive platform for standardized urban metrics. The council serves as a global hub for learning partnership between cities, international organizations, corporate partners, and academic institutions working to build better and more livable cities. The group aims to build an open data platform on global city metrics, allowing cities to showcase their progress on the world stage.We welcome the opportunity to contribute to this influential partnership that is helping to shape how cities across the globe use and share data, Mayor Walsh said. We rely on good data to inform a lot of what we do in city government, and the chance to share best practices with such a diverse group of international cities is very exciting.We are honored to have Boston as one of the Foundation Cities of the WCCD, said Professor Patricia McCarney, President and CEO of the World Council on City Data. Boston will be one of the first cities to be certified under ISO 37120, the first international standard for cities, confirming Bostons dedication to open city data and sustainable development in partnership with other leading cities around the world.TheResearch Division of the Boston Redevelopment Authoritywill lead and manage Bostons participation in the World Council on City Data.The creation of the WCCD stems from seven years of successful work to develop a globally standardized data platform for cities, leading to the very first standard on city metrics, published asISO 37120in May by the Geneva-basedInternational Organization for Standardization.If shared and used widely, standardized city indicators have the potential to be highly beneficial to policymakers and urban officials. They can help inform more effective ways of governing and delivering city services, as cities worldwide will be able to use the indicators as benchmarks for planning and decision making. Standardized city metrics will also help to promote transparency and collaboration between governments, the public, and other economic sectors.Foundation Partners will help develop the vision and mandate for the WCCD. The distinguished cities in this group have committed to compiling at least 46 core indicators according to ISO 37120 standardized definitions and methodologies. These indicators focus on the economy, education, energy and the environment, finance, emergency response, governance, and more. Core city indicators might include unemployment rate, percentage of students completing secondary education, and average life expectancy, to name a few examples.The Boston Redevelopment Authoritys Research Division will compile the required indicators on the City of Boston and submit them to the World Council on City Data by the end of August, when all Foundation Partners are required to submit their data. After the WCCD reviews the data to ensure that each city complied with the agreed upon
"I had the honor of serving with Rep. John Binienda during my entire tenure in the Legislature. He was a tireless advocate for the people of Worcester, and stood as a distinguished model of public service. His wit and humor were legendary, and I'm proud to have worked alongside him in the House of Representatives. He will be truly missed.
Boston Public Library will host author talks and a range of lectures during the month of September. Highlights from across the library system include:The complete schedule of upcoming events at Boston Public Library locations is available atwww.bpl.org/calendar.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today a new public art competition, called Fenway's 30-Second Cinema, which will give Boston-area artists the opportunity to display their work on a prominent digital sign next to Fenway Park.My administration continues to look for new ways to support artists and showcase their work in Boston, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""Fenway's 30-Second Cinema is another innovative way to do that, and to make art more accessible to the public.""The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM) and the Boston Art Commission ask artists to submit their digital art, up to 30 seconds long, such as motion graphics and short films. The submissions will be judged by representatives of MONUM and the Mayors Office of Arts & Culture. Up to 10 winners will be selected to have their pieces displayed on the Orange Barrel Media digital sign at the intersection of Ipswich and Lansdowne Streets.Submissions are due bySeptember 22nd, 2014. Winners will be announced on Wednesday, October 1st, 2014The winning submissions will be displayed every hour for 30 seconds between regular advertising programming on the digital sign (14 feet high by 48 feet wide). In addition, the City will award the winning artists $300.Fenway's 30-Second Cinema is part of a host of efforts to engage Boston's creative community. Recent efforts include the Art Commission'sPop-Up! Dudley Connections, a pop-up art series in Dudley Square, and thePublic Space Invitational, a civic design competition that invited artists, designers, and engineers to rethink Boston's public spaces.About the Mayor's Office of New Urban MechanicsThe Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics in Boston serves as the City's innovation incubator, building partnerships between internal agencies and outside entrepreneurs to pilot projects that address resident needs.About The Boston Art CommissionThe Boston Art Commission is the oldest municipal art commission in the United States, established in 1890 to approve and site new public art on property owned by the City of Boston. It aims to engender and support a thriving artistic consciousness throughout Bostons many communities and neighborhoods.About Orange Barrel MediaBased in Columbus, Ohio, Orange Barrel Media provides outdoor advertising across the country, including digital signs near Fenway Park and Boston's Innovation District. Their displays feature a blend of public service, arts, community content, and sponsored messages."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the return of the Mayors Cup Pop Warner Football Jamboree on Sunday, August 24th atRobertsPlayground in Dorchester. Bostons largest youth football exhibition will start at 9:00 a.m. and will run all day.Its wonderful to see hundreds of young people and their families having fun, enjoying the games and spending time outside together, said Mayor Walsh. I wish the best of luck to all the participating teams.Youth football players from neighborhoods throughout Boston participate in this annual summer exhibition to prepare for their upcoming season in an exciting day of scrimmages, food, and fun. The event remains one of the most popular and festive of the year. Throughout the day, over 1,000, coaches, families and spectators are expected to attend. The day will include: live entertainment raffles, giveaways, and discounted products by Modell's and refreshments for sale courtesy of Dorchester Pop Warner.Games start with the youngest divisions of players competing first. Teams expected to participate include the Boston Bengals, Boston Raiders, Dorchester Eagles, East Boston Jets, Hyde Park Cowboys, Mattapan Patriots, Mission Hill/Fenway Buccaneers, South Boston Fighting Irish, South End Titans, and the West Roxbury Falcons.Limited parking is available at Rogers Playground, with additional parking available at Tech Boston Academy, 9 Peacevale Road.The program is presented by Mayor Martin J. Walsh in partnership with Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), the Department of Parks and Recreation, and the Dorchester Eagles Organization.
The Mayor's Office of Arts + Culture brings the Boston Urban Music Festival (BUMF) (http://www.bostonurbanmusicfestival.org), showcasing a world-class production of urban music from Boston and beyond, to City Hall Plaza onSunday, August 24, 2014. The BUMF preshow will be held from2 p.m. to 4 p.m.and the concert will run from5 p.m. to 9 p.m.The event is free and open to all-ages.Now in its fifth year, BUMF 2014 boasts a star-studded cross-generational lineup featuring Talib Kweli, Clinton Sparks, Berklee College of Musics J Dilla Ensemble, Shea Rose, and Dutch ReBelle. In addition, this years festival includes a second stage headlined by legendary dance crew, The Floorlords, along with some of Bostons finest up-and-coming artists.To ensure that Bostons musical talent is well represented, local artists can earn a showcase slot on the event by winning theAugust 19thedition of Mind Spray, a monthly hip-hop showcase and open mic at Middle East Upstairs.BUMF is generously sponsored by MetroPCS, Sonicbids, Happps, and Essentia Water and produced by the Mayors Office of Arts + Culture in partnership with One If By Land Productions and The Brain Trust Events, LLC.BUMF 2014 features several lead-up events and pre-parties:Tuesday, August 19- Mind Spray ft. Moroney (Boston based MC/Rapper) at the Middle East Upstairs, 472-480 Massachusetts Ave in Cambridge Friday, August 22- Latin Dance and Pre-BUMF Dance Party ft. DJ Knife on City Hall Plaza Saturday, August 23- Fresh Produce ft. The Arcitype & Mr. Fritz at Good Life, 28 Kingston St in BostonFor further information please call617-635-3911or visithttp://bostonurbanmusicfestival.org/City Hall Plaza is accessible by MBTA via State Street (Orange and Blue lines) and Park Street (Green and Red lines). For additional information, call617-635-3245or visithttp://www.cityofboston.gov/arts.
Since 2011, the library has worked to digitize and preserve collections from 145 organizations in nearly 100 towns across Massachusetts. These digitized items will be shared online viaDigitalCommonwealth.org, which is a BPL-built and maintained repository and portal where statewide collections will reside for future generations to discover.Massachusetts is a state with a deep and rich history. Our goal with this service is to broadly share Bostons diverse collections alongside the treasures of other organizations throughout the Commonwealth, said Amy E. Ryan, President of Boston Public Library. This summer, Boston Public Library offered trainings about the digitization process to public libraries within Massachusetts. In conjunction with Digital Public Library of America, the BPL hosted workshops designed to assist public librarians in identifying their local history and genealogical collections for digitization and eventual exhibition. Librarians learned how to prepare their items for digitization and inclusion in the Digital Public Library of America, which draws content from Digital Commonwealth. Online exhibitions are planned for 2015 that will showcase the digitized content.Current digitization work for other libraries, archives, museums, and historical societies includes items from Harvard Universitys Arnold Arboretum, Bridgewater State University, Fitchburg State University, and the Natick Soldiers Research, Development & Engineering Center. Initially supported by afederal Library Services and Technology Act grantawarded through the Massachusetts Board of Library Commissioners, statewide digitization efforts are now supported through state funding in conjunction with the BPLs role as Library for the Commonwealth.Boston Public Librarys development of the Digital Commonwealth repository system provides a means of managing and preserving digital collections to ensure they will be accessible to future generations. Collections in Digital Commonwealth include thousands of images, documents, and sound recordings from member institutions which are now openly accessible to researchers, students, and the intellectually curious.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh has signed the National Trust for Historic Preservations petition to save the federal historic tax credit. This tax incentive is responsible for encouraging billions of private dollars to be invested into historic, income producing properties and has long been a proactive tool for developers and individuals who wish to restore historic structures throughout the city. This historic tax credit is hugely significant to Boston because of the investment and economic development it encourages, said Mayor Walsh. This tax credit has been instrumental in helping to preserve iconic structures throughout Boston such as Fenway Park, the Alvah Kittredge House in Roxbury, the Baker Chocolate Factory in Dorchester and the North Bennet Street School in the North End  all which produce income from these restorations while supporting the enhancement of healthy neighborhoods. We cannot afford to lose this successful investment tool.Mayor Walsh recently added his name to the petition being circulated nationally among preservation organizations, community sensitive developers, cities and communities, asking that the historic tax incentive be saved. The tax credit has benefited historic neighborhoods and their advocates since 1976. In Boston, over $1 billion has been invested in rehabilitating and restoring historic properties and buildings in the last 12 years alone. Each project supported by this program, creates construction and permanent jobs (over 14,000 jobs from 2001-2013) and increased tax revenue.Investment in our historic structures makes economic sense, preserves the history of Boston which is rich and well known, and contributes to the City in a host of ways, adapting historic buildings as attractive residential and commercial developments and producing tourism dollars from the hundreds of thousands of people who flock to Boston each year. The influx of new residents and companies is largely driven by the citys unique character and quality of life, said Mayor Walsh.Most of our older buildings were more soundly built and utilized passive heating and cooling, relying less on mechanical systems, said Environment Commissioner Nancy Girard. As the City completes the 2014 update of the Climate Action Plan, we recognize that older buildings downtown and in our neighborhoods are 'green' and harnessed with new technology and clean energy, will continue to make Boston a destination for employers and workers alike.
The Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building, named after Bruce Bolling, the first African-American president of the Boston City Council, will be the next great building in Boston, says Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Opening late next year as a 150,000-square-foot municipal center with retail and office space, it is a critical step in the ongoing economic revitalization of Dudley Square, using the neighborhoods past as a foundation to build its future. These pop-up public art projects from area artists are visual and dynamic ways to signal positive changes in the neighborhood.Boston is one of the oldest U.S. cities, yet is well known for its climate of transformation, says Karin Goodfellow, Director of the Boston Art Commission. We are a city that moves between convention and innovation and Dudley Square is currently at the apex of the citys transformation. We believe that public art is an expression of our passionate ideals, intellectual curiosity, and cultural narrative. Engaging the public in a lively and ongoing discussion on public art as an integral part of city life.Partners on Pop Up! Dudley Connections include Discover Roxbury, Dudley Square Main Streets, Department of Neighborhood Development, Boston Parks & Recreation Department, The Boston Public Library, Bryana Siobhan, Helina Metaferia, Alejandro Pinto, Artward Bound with Fish McGill and Carolyn Lewenberg of Massachusetts College of Art & Design, Darrell Ann-Gane McCalla, James Ovid Mustin, Ricardo Gomez, and Thomas Burns with Alliger Arts, Irene Smalls, and Nathaniel Wyrick.Details about the permanent public art projects at the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building will be shared this fall.The public and performance art projects that make up Pop Up! Dudley Connections include:Darrell Ann Gane-McCalla with Shea Justice & Cassandra Cato-Louis:Change, Loss, and Gain in DudleyDates: August 15 and 20 from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m.Location: Justice Gourdin Park, intersection of Mt. Washington Ave and Malcolm X Blvd, Roxbury, MA, 02119Darrell Ann Gane-McCallalives in Cambridge and is an artist committed to radical social change, promoting art as a vital element in the struggle for human rights and in the creation of new ways of living. Her own practice is primarily sculpture, illustration, and mixed media. Her community collaborations are mainly murals, mosaics, and workshops. Gane-McCalla believes that art can change perceptions create spaces for dialogue, instill senses of possibility, and add vibrancy, meaning, and direction to our lives.Bryana Siobhan: UntitledDates and times: August 19, 21, 26, and 28 from 9 a.m. to 1:30 p.m.Location: Sidewalk in front of Haley Houseat 12 Dade Street in Roxbury, MA 02119Emerging artist Bryana Siobhan is currently a Masters Candidate at the School of the Museum of Fine Art of Boston and an Alumni of the Corcoran College of Art + Design with a Bachelors in Fine Art. She lives and works in Roxbury as a performance artist, founder of Revolutionary Performance, a performance art archive, and as a founding member of Petrichor Performance Collective. Working in the topic of US-centric social politics regarding race, gender, and mental health, Siobhan draws cultural cues and signifiers from the African-American, Afro-Cuban, and indigenous American (NDN) cultures.Irene Smalls:Doing the Dutch Down DudleyDate and time: August 16 from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m.Dudley Town Common ParkIrene Smalls (http://www.irenesmalls.com/irenesmalls.com/Welcome.html), BA, MBA, lives in Back Bay and is an award-winning author, storyteller, and historian. Smalls presentations include core components of literacy instruction for students K-5 using a variety of instructional approaches: reading aloud, word study, shared reading, and movement. For older students she discusses the publishing business, the writing process, and the job of being a writer and risk taking. Smalls is the author of 15 children's books and 3 interactive storytelling CDs.Artward Bound with Fish McGill & Carolyn Lewenberg:Art & Social Change: Dudley KioskInstallation date: August 18Location: Justice Gourdin Park, intersection of Mt. Washington Ave and Malcolm X Blvd, Roxbury, MA, 02119Artward Boundis a four-year college access program in the visual arts. At home on MassArt's campus, Artward Bound prepares youth in 8th-12thgrades with the artistic and academic skills needed for admission to and success at an art or design college or other post-secondary institution. Artward Bound balances artistic development with academic progress to establish confidence in education.Nathaniel Wyrick:Papaw Passing Time IIDates and times: August 28 from 6:30 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. August 29, 31, September 1, 2, and 3 from 11:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. September 12 from 6:30 p.m. to 8:30 p.m.Location: in front of Dudley Square Branch Library, 65 Warren Street, Roxbury, MA 02119Nathaniel Wyrickis a multidisciplinary artist that is currently living and working in Jamaica Plain. Wyricks work is autobiographical in nature. Much of Wyricks work is concerned with the exploration of identity, masculinity, and sexuality, especially in relation to memory. This approach has been guiding Wyrick in the creation of objects or performances that draw from a fraction of a much larger image or issue.Helina Metaferia:These Words MatterDate and time: August 23 from 12 p.m. to 5 p.m.Location: Dudley Square Branch Library, 65 Warren Street, Roxbury, MA 02119Helina Metaferia lives in Roxbury and is an Ethiopian-American fine artist specializing in mixed media visual artwork. She works with themes of power, self-realization, and divine femininity. Her art has been shown in museums and galleries nationwide, and has also completed over 20 large-scale murals in the Washington, DC region. Helina received her formal art education at Temple University's Tyler School of Art and at Morgan State University, where she obtained her Bachelors Degree in Fine Art. Helina is currently a Masters Candidate at the School of the Museum of Fine Arts.Alejandro Pinto: Untitled. (Portrait of Malcolm X)Date: Installation in early-SeptemberLocation: 2201 Washington Street, Roxbury, MA 02119Alejandro Pinto lives in Hyde Park and attended Mass College of Art and Design, majoring in Film and Illustration. He has completed legal graffiti art projects in Roxbury (Bartlett Yard), Dorchester (Dorchester Baseball, The Murphy Middle School, Cavata Clothing, Beantown Athletics, Crossfit 617), and South Boston (F-15 Training Center and Peter Welch's Boxing Gym). Pintos work can be seen on The Travel Channel's No Reservations with Anthony Bourdain and television show The Fighters.James Ovid Mustin, Ricardo Gomez, Thomas Burns: Untitled (Nelson Mandela Mural)Date: Install/Painting will begin in early SeptemberLocation: Wall at intersection of Warren & Clifford Street, Roxbury, MA 02119James Ovid Mustinis a Roxbury/Jamaica Plain-based painter, printmaker, and muralist, inspired by and integrated in the physical environment around him. He holds a Masters of Fine Arts from Massachusetts College of Art and Design and his works can be found in numerous private and public collections, including the Boston Public Library and the Museum of Fine Arts.Ricardo Gomez (DEME 5) is a native of the Dominican Republic, currently living in Dorchester. DEME5 [dem-fiv]draws inspiration from his gritty environment, using a keen sense of design and stylized vision to transform any surface put before him. Although aerosol is his primary medium, he often incorporates different mediums to execute his ideas. His future goals include exhibiting at contemporary institutions, collaborating with like-minded artists, and sharing his work with the people of Boston and the world.Thomas Burns is born and raised in Boston. He is an artist that works in a variety of mediums and has worked on murals throughout the city as well as displayed his art in local galleries.Dudley Square is accessible by MBTA via the Silver Line and numerous bus lines. On street parking is available throughout Dudley Square.For additional information, call 617-635-3245 or visitboston.gov/arts.The Boston Art Commission, established in 1890, exercises legal authority to approve and site new public art on property owned by the City of Boston. The Art Commission hascare and custody of all paintings, murals, statues, bas-reliefs, sculptures, monuments, fountains, arches and other permanent structures intended for ornament orcommemoration on City property.The Art Commission is appointed by the Mayor and consists ofeight Boston residents, each nominated by a Boston cultural institution. ArtCommission meetings are held on thefirstTuesdayafternoon of each month.Discover Roxbury promotes civic engagement and economic development in Roxbury through tours and events that leverage the community's artistic, cultural, historic, and culinary assets.Dudley Square Main Streets Revitalization Corporation is a commercial revitalization organization located in Bostons historic Dudley Square Commercial District, the Heart and Soul of Roxbury. Since 1995, Main Streets has worked to recruit new businesses, assist businesses with storefront renovations provide technical assistance to business owners work with developers on large anchor parcels, and celebrate the rich cultural diversity and history of the district.
The girls championship games will be held on the 19, the boys championship games will be held on the 20. Playoffs this week will determine which teams will be playing. All games will be at the Reggie Lewis Track & Athletic Center at Roxbury Community College.Sponsored by Reebok and managed by Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), BNBL serves over 2,000 young men and women in four divisions: Pee Wee, 13 and under, 15 and under, and 18 and under. BNBL is played at sites all over the city all summer long at BCYF community centers and select local parks.LIVE coverage of the 2014 BNBL Championships can be viewed on Boston City TV (Comcast Ch. 24 & RCN Ch. 13) and online. All of this seasons games that were featured on Game of the Week can be found online.
For participation in the upcoming State Primary Election, thelast day to register to vote, to change a voting address, or to change ones political party isWednesday, August 20, 2014. The State Primary Election will take place onTuesday, September 9, 2014.In order to accommodate prospective voters, the Boston Election Department in Room 241, City Hall, will remain open until8:00 p.m. on August 20. Those wishing to register in person after5:00 p.m.should enter City Hall from the Congress Street side (directly opposite Faneuil Hall).Mail-in registrations must be postmarked no later thanAugust 20. Those registrants using the US Mail should remember that the zip code for City Hall is 02201. In the past, the Election Department has seen registration forms delayed due to the use of the wrong zip code. Voter registration forms can also be found at local branch libraries.Mail-in registration forms can be printed out from the City of Boston website:www.boston.gov/elections. Voters can also check their voting status by using the Voter Registration Search tool on the same website.In Primary elections, declared party members (Democrats and Republicans) must take the ballot of their political party. Unenrolled (no party) voters may choose either ballot. Voters affiliated with other political designations do not participate in Primary elections.The following political offices will be on the ballot this year: US Senator, US Representatives (Congressmen), Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Secretary of the Commonwealth, Attorney General, Treasurer and Auditor. State Senators and Representatives will also appear on the ballot, as will the Governors Council. Finally, Suffolk County District Attorney, Sheriff, and Register of Probate.For more information or any questions, please call the Boston Election Department at617-635-4634or emailelection@boston.gov.
The BCYF Fenway Challenge and the BCYF Sox Talk Baseball Clinics are winding down next week with the last clinic scheduled for August 20th! Youth ages 7-14 still have three more changes to work on their baseball skills and have the opportunity to win Red Sox tickets and meet Sox players and coaches. These are also great opportunities for camps and programs to enjoy a day in the park.TheBCYF Fenway Challenge, sponsored by the Boston Red Sox,is an opportunity for youth to compete against other youth their own age in baseball skills such as base running, pitching and batting. The participants will be divided into four age groups: 7/8, 9/10, 11/12, and 13/14. At the end of the Challenge, the scores will be tabulated and the top finisher in each age group will win a pair of Red Sox tickets to a game in September where they will be honored on the field before the start of the game. Youth can attend one or all Fenway Challenges but can only win the tickets once. Youth groups and camps are welcome to participate.The BCYF Fenway Challenge starts at 10:30 a.m. No equipment is necessary, BCYF will provide equipment for the day. The remaining Fenway Challenge will be held on Friday, August 15 at Iacono Park in Hyde Park.TheBCYF Sox Talk Baseball Clinics, sponsored by the Boston Red Sox and the Boston Police Athletic League, is a series of baseball clinics followed by an appearance by Red Sox players and coaching staff. Young people will have the chance to work on their baseball skills before the players arrive. Once the Sox players and staff arrive, they will join the clinic and work with groups of youth on various skills after which they will answer a few questions. Youth groups and camps are welcome to participate. The clinics will run from 10:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. Remaining Clinics will be held on:Tuesday, August 19 Garvey Park in DorchesterWednesday, August 20 Ryan Park in CharlestownFor more information about the Fenway Challenge or Sox Talk Baseball Clinic contactWilliam.Sittig@Boston.Govor call him at 617-635-5206 x104. Follow us at @BCYFCenters and like us at BCYFBoston for updates and weather cancellations.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh presented the Citys first-ever Youth Enrichment Day Conference on Saturday, in partnership with the University of Massachusetts Boston (UMass Boston). Over 1,500Boston youth between the ages of 15 to 18 years old participated in a series of professional and personal development workshops during the conference to complement their summer jobs experience. Mayor Walsh addressed a full audience of young people as the keynote speaker for the day-long conference. Speaking candidly about his life choices, Mayor Walsh emphasized the value and importance of making the right decisions and encouraged all youth to stay on a positive path for success.It is an honor to be standing in front of our citys future, said Mayor Walsh One of you here will be the next city department head. Others will be business leaders, creative artists, social activists. Someone here might be a future mayor. It starts with your dream.UMass Boston hosted the conference that included 30 different workshops presented in morning and afternoon sessions on campus. Workshops, some of which were peer led by Boston youth, focused on healthy relationships, financial literacy and education, professionalism, leadership development, advocacy, health and nutrition, entrepreneurship, and STEM education and careers.As Bostons public research university, UMass Boston is honored to partner with the city to provide opportunities for our next generation of leaders, said Chancellor J. Keith Motley. Young people who work show higher rates of success in college and when they enter the workforce. The Youth Enrichment Day is a great way to begin laying that foundation for success.As part of the 2014 Mayors Summer Jobs Program, Mayor Walsh sought to offer youth an enrichment learning experience in addition to meaningful employment this summer. Spearheaded by the Department of Youth Engagement and Employment (formerly known as the Boston Youth Fund), the City opened the conference to youth currently employed by the Department to gain professional and personal skills. This summer, the Department has hired and placed Boston youth for employment opportunities at community-based organizations in collaboration with over 200 work sites across Boston. Part of cultivating future leaders is providing them with traditional and nontraditional tools for success in an ever evolving environment. Summer programming is not just about an employment opportunity, it is about developing young professionals to move our communities forward, said Shari Davis, the Executive Director of Youth Engagement and Employment. Davis is an alum of the City of Bostons youth employment program herself, having participated in theprogram 10 years ago.Mayor Walsh has made youth summer employment a priority for his administration with a goal of placing 10,000 Boston youth in employment opportunities in partnership with the private and non-profit sectors in summer 2014. Since taking office, Mayor Walsh has engaged organizations across industries to encourage and support youth employment.To learn more about youth employment, visit the Citys Department of Youth Engagement and Employment atwww.cityofboston.gov/youthzone.
The Mayor's Office of Arts + Culture brings the Funk Summit Dance Party with soul, funk, and R&B to City Hall Plaza on Friday, August 8th, 2014 from6 p.m. to 10 p.m. The event is free, all-ages, and presented in partnership with the Together Festival (http://togetherboston.com).The Funk Summit Dance Party will feature the sounds of the 60s, including the music of James Brown, Stevie Wonder, and The Jackson 5. The dance party will feature DJ Ty Jesso (https://www.facebook.com/soulelujah)and DJ Deano (https://www.facebook.com/culturesofsoul).DJ Ty Jesso is from Providence and has been spinning old school soul, R&B, funk, oldies, and boogaloo nationally and internationally since the 80s. In addition to Jessos weekly Soulelujah! night at Zuzu, he has DJed in New York City, Baltimore, Chicago, Miami, and London. The Improper Bostonian named Soulelujah!, held at Zuzu at the Middle East Club in Cambridge, Bostons best dance night for 2014.DJ Deano has been collecting vintage records for over a decade. In 2008 he started DJing for Viva Radio and created the Cultures of Soul (http://www.culturesofsoul.com) Radio Show, which features eclectic vintage music for the dance floor from across the globe. His own record label, Cultures of Soul Records, has since been releasing rare but danceable vintage records. Deano is a recurring guest at Soulelujah! and has DJed in Pittsburgh, Los Angeles, and London.Free dance lessons will also be given at the party. Food trucks and vendors will be available on City Hall Plaza.City Hall Plaza is accessible by MBTA via State Street (Orange and Blue lines) and Park Street (Green and Red lines). For additional information, call617-635-3245or visithttp://www.cityofboston.gov/arts.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh has announced the grand opening of theStrand Theatresnew visual arts gallery, located on the first level of the historic entertainment complex in Dorchesters Uphams Corner neighborhood.The gallerys first exhibit, Triumph! Unsung Black Veterans in U.S. History (Duty-Sacrifice-Honor) is a three month exhibit of oil paintings runningAugust 14-November 14, 2014that celebrates men and women of color in U.S. history that have contributed to the greatness of our nation.The Strand Theatre Gallery will hold its grand opening with the exhibit onThursday, August 14from6:30 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.at 543 Columbia Road, Dorchester, MA 02125. The grand opening is free and open to the public. The Strand Theatre Gallery is open during events at the theatre or by appointment.Dr. Shirley Malone Fenner, a veteran and Professor of Psychology and Human Development at Wheelock College, will speak about post-traumatic stress and psychological support for military families. Singers Barry Lawton and Yma Arrington will also perform.The Strand Theatre has historic reference to our countrys valor as the Strand opened its doors on Armistice Day. The Strand Theatre notified thousands of Boston residents that the end of WWI had come. To commemorate this history, the exhibits closing ceremony will be conducted onNovember 11on the Strand Theatres birthday.A Boston-produced initiative by Haywood Fennell Sr. of Triad Veterans, the exhibit was commissioned by Artists for Humanities. The traveling oil paintings are part of Triads national effort to turn the artwork into a commemorative U.S. stamp collection. A signature drive has been circulating since January to support efforts.The grand opening artist reception includes speakers, entertainment, and refreshments sponsored by The Boston Big Easy Restaurant. Presenters include the 54 Massachusetts Volunteer Regiment, the New England Chapter Tuskegee Airman, Boston Tap Dance, the Theresa India Flag Exhibit, and City Strings, who are inner-city youth cello performers.Special City of Boston Citations will be presented to the artist exhibiting and three esteemed veterans: 102 year old James Guilford, Obie Hall, and posthumously to Benjamin Scott.Exhibition Details:Exhibit Coordinator: Haywood Fennell. City of Boston, Curator:Alda Marshall Witherspoon.Strand Manager: Melodi Greene.TRIUMPH!Artists:Stephen Hamilton, Kimberly Nguyen, Kitauna Parker, Genaro Ortega, Jerome Shelton, Juanita Grim, Takii Samuels, Milton Tejeda, Reginald Pinckley, Takii Samuels, Nick Johnson, and Toni Jonas.Exhibit example:WilliamHarvey Carney (oil painting by artist: Kimberly Nguyen) was a Virginia slave who escaped through theUnderground Railroadto Massachusetts. Carney enlisted with the54 Massachusetts Volunteer Infantryas aSergeant. For the assault onFort Wagnerhe received the Medal Of Honor (37 years later) for saving the American flag from falling and planting it on the ramparts despite being severely riddled with bullets all over his body as depicted in the film, Glory.About Tri-Ad Veterans League, Inc. was founded by Haywood Fennell, Sr., and fellow concerned veterans attending colleges in the Tri-Ad area of North Carolina thirty years ago. The Tri-Ad Veterans League, Inc., is committed to the principle of collaboration in working with other veterans organizations. Their broad-based mission includes: the facilitation of veterans involvement in community education/cultural projects enhance health services for veterans develop strategies for harm reduction in the areas of substance abuse promote prostate cancer and HIV/AIDS awareness remove health disparities.About the Strand Theatre:The newly-renovated Strand Theatre is celebrated as one ofthe last working vintage neighborhood theatres in America. The 95 year-old theatre boasts a rich history of performance throughout the century including sporting events and visual arts. From jazz to pop concerts  to ballet, boxing and nationally touring playsartists who appeared at the Strand have included Alfred Hitchcock, Duke Ellington, and Jerry Lewis. More recent artists include: Al Greene, Ruben Studdard, and comedian Billy Gardell. In addition to the 1,400-seat theatre, the Strand also hosts four galleries. Inside the Hall of Mirrors Gallery, the acrylic Strand in Blue Series is on permanent display to highlight the bounty of celebrated artist who graced the stage for nearly a century. For bookings (meetings/wedding/conferences) and detailed event information please visithttp://www.strandboston.comor call617-635-1403or emailalda.marshall@boston.com.
"Absentee ballots are now available for the State Primary Election, which will take place onTuesday, September 9, 2014.Absentee voters are required to fill out a new application each calendar year. Applications may be obtained by calling the Election Department at 617-635-3767, or through the Departments website:www.cityofboston.gov//elections. If a voter is unsure as to whether or not an absentee ballot request is up-to-date, he or she should contact the Department directly. All voters are urged to file their applications as soon as possible in order to expedite the mailing of the actual absentee ballots.AsSeptember 9is a primary election, prospective absentee voters who are currently listed as ""no party/unenrolled"" must indicate, on their application, a party preference so that the correct ballot will be sent.Absentee ballots are also available for those who wish to vote in person at the Election Department. At this time, any person voting absentee can only do so if health reasons prevent the voter from getting to the polls, the voter is out of the City of Boston all day onSeptember 9, or religious reasons prevent the voter from participating on primary day. Early voting in Massachusetts will not take place until 2016.To vote absentee in person, visit theElection Department in Room 241 at Boston City Hall,on MondaythroughFriday, from9:30AM until 4:00PM. Additional times are available by appointment only to make an appointment, please contact Mary Ann or Joe at617-635-2211.The last day to register to vote, change ones voting address, or party affiliation for the primary isAugust 20, 2014. The Election Department will be open until8:00PMthat evening to accommodate registrants and those wishing to make changes. Those who wish to register or make changes by mail should make sure that their request is postmarked no later thanAugust 20. Massachusetts Law does not currently allow these changes to be made via email.Questions about voting status can be directed toelection@cityofboston.gov."
Boston girls ages 11-15 are invited to BCYFs annual Citywide Girls Summit on Saturday, August 16th, from 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. at Simmons College, Linda K. Paresky Conference Center, 300 The Fenway.The theme of the summit is The Arts. Workshops, a panel discussion and guest speakers will focus on using poetry, performing arts, graphic design, songwriting and more to empower girls to develop the skills they need to be positive role models in their communities. Also included is lunch, resource and program information and more.The Summit is free but pre-registration is recommended. Please e-mail BCYFs Girls Initiative Coordinator,erika.butler@boston.gov, to reserve a spot or call 617-635-4920 x2314. For updated information follow @BCYFCenters and like BCYFBoston.
The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture will present the 13th annual GospelFest on Sunday, August 10, 2014 from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. on City Hall Plaza.GospelFest is a welcoming, public concert for contemporary and traditional gospel and features local talent and national headliners. With headliners Byron Cage and J.J. Hairston, the festival will also feature performances by local artists Anointed Biblical Scriptures and Ayana McDonald.Byron Cage, known for his top ten worship anthems The Presence of the Lord and I Will Bless the Lord, has just released his ninth album,Memoirs of a Worshipper. Born in Grand Rapids, MI, raised in nearby Detroit, and brought up in an environment where music and ministry were paramount, Cage was destined for greatness from an early age. When he was merely 4 years of age, he performed his first church solo, and by his teenage years, he was an accomplished saxophonist and choir director at Greater Grace Temple in Detroit, Michigan.From Bridgeport, Connecticut, J.J. Hairstonhas an uncanny ability to bring alive the gospel through energizing choir presentations. His 2014 album is entitled,I See Victory. Youthful Praise has appeared on television on Late Night with Conan O'Brien, The Stellar Awards, and Bobby Jones Gospel. The ensemble has also performed with Joan Osborne, Shirley Caesar, and Destiny's Child. J.J. Hairston and Youthful Praise have earned multiple Stellar and Dove Award nominations.The Boston-based Anointed Biblical Scriptures includes Mary Blake, Dixie Bufford, and Edna Wilkie and are a singing ministry whose mission is to spread the gospel through song. Their motto and theme song is, I Will Spend All My Life Serving God. The group not only sings together, but they go to the same church, and love doing ministry work, visiting the Bostonian Nursing Home to fellowship with the residents every thirdSunday.Ayana McDonaldis a graduate of the Berklee College of Music and a member of the Stellar Award-winning group J.J. Hairston & Youthful Praise. McDonald has opened for Kim Burrell and Israel Houghton and shared the stage with Gloria Estephan, Shirley Murdock, and the Yellowjackets. Her debut album,Flow, will be released this fall.Food will be available for purchase on City Hall Plaza during GospelFest.City Hall Plaza is accessible by MBTA via State Street (Orange and Blue lines) and Park Street (Green and Red lines). For additional information, call617-635-3245or visit boston.gov/arts.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh has signed the National Trust for Historic Preservations petition to save the federal historic tax credit. This tax incentive is responsible for encouraging billions of private dollars to be invested into historic, income producing properties and has long been a proactive tool for developers and individuals who wish to restore historic structures throughout the city. This historic tax credit is hugely significant to Boston because of the investment and economic development it encourages, said Mayor Walsh. This tax credit has been instrumental in helping to preserve iconic structures throughout Boston such as Fenway Park, the Alvah Kittredge House in Roxbury, the Baker Chocolate Factory in Dorchester and the North Bennet Street School in the North End  all which produce income from these restorations while supporting the enhancement of healthy neighborhoods. We cannot afford to lose this successful investment tool.Mayor Walsh recently added his name to the petition being circulated nationally among preservation organizations, community sensitive developers, cities and communities, asking that the historic tax incentive be saved. The tax credit has benefited historic neighborhoods and their advocates since 1976. In Boston, over $1 billion has been invested in rehabilitating and restoring historic properties and buildings in the last 12 years alone. Each project supported by this program, creates construction and permanent jobs (over 14,000 jobs from 2001-2013) and increased tax revenue.Investment in our historic structures makes economic sense, preserves the history of Boston which is rich and well known, and contributes to the City in a host of ways, adapting historic buildings as attractive residential and commercial developments and producing tourism dollars from the hundreds of thousands of people who flock to Boston each year. The influx of new residents and companies is largely driven by the citys unique character and quality of life, said Mayor Walsh.Most of our older buildings were more soundly built and utilized passive heating and cooling, relying less on mechanical systems, said Environment Commissioner Nancy Girard. As the City completes the 2014 update of the Climate Action Plan, we recognize that older buildings downtown and in our neighborhoods are 'green' and harnessed with new technology and clean energy, will continue to make Boston a destination for employers and workers alike.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston, in partnership with the Boston Redevelopment Authority and the Boston Harbor Association, will be holding an international design competition for climate preparedness. The contest, which will kick off this fall, is funded by an $86,000 grant awarded by the Massachusetts Office of Coastal Zone Management to the BRA, and $35,000 awarded by the Barr Foundation to the Boston Harbor Association.The City of Boston continues to be a national leader on climate preparedness, said Mayor Walsh. This design competition will bring concepts and ideas from around the world, such as those in the Boston Harbor Association's new report, to fruition in Boston.The competition will call for creative and innovative climate-change resilient design solutions for three at-risk waterfront sites in Boston. Hosted along with the Boston Society of Architects, the competition seeks implementable planning and design solutions that will prepare these sites for current coastal flood risks and future sea-level-rise. Details about the competition will be announced this fall. For more information and updates, please contact Nicholas Martin at617-918-4426ornicholas.martin@boston.gov.This announcement coincides with the release of a report by the Boston Harbor Association and Sasaki Associates that focuses on urban design solutions to sea level rise resulting from climate change. The report, Designing with Water: Creative Examples from Around the Globe provides Boston-relevant case studies and recommends city planners and developers explore innovative designs to enable urban areas to survive, and thrive, in the face of sea level rise and extreme coastal storms.While extreme flooding is generally a new problem for Boston, cities such as Amsterdam, Hamburg and Seoul have had decades, even centuries, of learning how to allow flooding without damage occurring, said Julie Wormser, Executive Director of The Boston Harbor Association. These cities have recognized that it is financially, culturally, and ecologically beneficial to work with water, instead of fighting to keep every last drop out.Developed with support from the Barr Foundation, the peer-reviewed report focuses on the concept of Designing with Water flood management, the strategy of allowing defined areas to flood or contain water in order to prevent damage to other areas. The report provides 12 case studies that show how these strategies allow cities all over the world to decrease their potential flood damage while enhancing the vibrancy and livability of their communities. Case studies include successful design projects such as floating apartment buildings, canals, floodable first floors, and floodable open space within cities.Designing with Water is an exciting collection of examples which can incorporate design principles at the individual building, neighborhood, or regional level, said Nina Chase of Sasaki Associates. There is something we can all do to help prepare Boston for rising seas.Sea level in Boston has risen by a foot over the last century, and it is projected that it could rise another two to six feet by the end of the century. As sea levels rise and chronic flooding becomes the new normal, cities are moving to more flexible, resilient solutions. The new report and design competition will help Boston identify design opportunities to manage chronic flooding while providing other benefits such as new recreation areas, marsh habitat, and more livable communities. Designing with Water: Creative Examples from Around the Globe can be viewed and downloaded on the Boston Harbor Associations website, here:http://www.tbha.org/climate-change-adaptation. 
Today, the House of Representatives and the Senate passed legislation that will change the way we address and treat substance abuse in Massachusetts.Every day, I interact with families who have lost loved ones to addiction. Substance abuse does not discriminate  it impacts our family members, our neighbors, our friends.Throughout my career and life, I have advocated for a more thoughtful and comprehensive drug treatment structure that acknowledges the complexities of addiction. The legislation passed today creates a continuum of care that addresses the various stages of the recovery process, and requires insurers to cover treatment services delivered by licensed alcohol and drug counselors  a key provision in a bill that I was proud to file myself in the Legislature years ago.I sincerely thank my partners in the Massachusetts Legislature for their leadership on an issue that is close to my heart and I urge Governor Patrick to sign this into law.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that the Ferdinand Building will be renamed the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building. Bolling was a staunch supporter of equal access to jobs and housing as a City Councilor and fought to bring economic development and investment to Roxbury. The naming will be official following a vote by the Public Facilities Commission, which may take place as early as August 6.Councilor Bolling never stopped fighting for Bostons neighborhoods, especially Roxbury, holding that community together at a time of great division, said Mayor Walsh. A remarkable civic leader, he dreamed big for diversity and for narrowing Bostons economic and racial divides, and working together to achieve a common goal. Im proud to honor his legacy through this centerpiece of the City of Bostons Dudley Square revitalization efforts.About Bruce C. BollingBruce C. Bolling was elected to the Boston City Council in 1981 and was elected Bostons first African-American president of the City Council in 1986. During his 12 years on theCouncil, Bolling advocated for economic opportunities for women, people of color, and small business owners, and was a champion of the LGBT community. He was a forward-thinking and consensus-building leader whose work on diversity, economic development, and workforce equity continue to have an impact today.Among Bollings many policy accomplishments was the establishment of the Boston Jobs for Boston Residents policy, mandating that city residents receive 50% of jobs created by city funds, with 25% of the jobs earmarked for minorities, and 10% for women. Bollings work also led to the establishment of the Boston Fair Housing Commission, a city commission that addresses discriminatory housing practices.Bolling advocated for development policies to grow affordable housing and lead to neighborhood investment. He developed the Boston Linkage Policy, which requires that downtown developers also contribute to development in Bostons neighborhoods, guaranteeing that downtown investment generates positive impacts for the rest of the city. He also established the Neighborhood Housing Trust Fund, which contributes to the development of affordable housing across the city.After leaving City Council, Bolling helped to create the Massachusetts Alliance for Small Contractors, and served as Executive Director until 2011. Bolling came from a family of elected officials, including his father who served as a state senator and his brother who served as a state representative. Bolling died in 2012.About the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal BuildingThe Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building is slated to open in winter 2015, and incorporates the Ferdinand Furniture Building, the Curtis Block and the Waterman & Sons building, into a new state of the art facility. The six-story building will house an estimated 500 municipal employeesfrom Boston Public Schools and feature office space, as well as open space for student work, school events, and community gatherings. The building will also include 18,000 square feet of street-level space for business or nonprofit use, and more than 4,000 square feet for innovation uses on the second floor.The City of Boston, the Property and Construction Management Department, and the Boston Redevelopment Authority have been working collaboratively to develop this project in collaboration with the local community and historic preservationists.The City of Bostons $115 million investment in the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building has spurred private investment across Dudley Square. Development projects underway include a new home for Tropical Foods on Melnea Cass Boulevard and new housing on Dudley Street. There is more than $200 million in approved development in the pipeline around Dudley Square including housing, hotel, retail, and office space.
I would like to thank the House of Representatives and the Senate for passing legislation that will address both the immediate and long-term economic development needs of the Commonwealth. The tools provided by this legislation will help to ensure that Massachusetts is replete with opportunities for growth and development. For Boston, this bill will: create a pipeline to jobs through the recapitalization of the Workforce Competitiveness Trust Fund attract large scale development projects through the inclusion of the I-Cubed program and will spur economic growth in our neighborhoods through the issuance of additional liquor licenses.Despite high demand, the City of Boston has not received a cap increase on liquor licenses since 2006. A lack of licenses has hindered further economic growth in our neighborhoods, supporting robust spaces where people want to live, work, shop and eat. Because of this legislation, the City of Boston will have the ability to support small and local businesses in neighborhoods that historically have had less access to licenses.Additionally, for the first time since 1906, through this legislation, the City of Boston will have the ability to appoint its own liquor licensing board  a provision that every other community is afforded.I am deeply appreciative for the Legislatures commitment to keeping our capital city and our state thriving through this bill.
Today, the House of Representatives and the Senate made history with the passage of comprehensive gun safety legislation that will make our neighborhoods, streets and homes safer places to live. In particular, I would like to thank Speaker DeLeo and Senate President Murray for their leadership throughout the entire process. With this legislation, the Commonwealth will once again be a national model for not only the contents of this bill, but also the process by which we arrived at this point. The bipartisan efforts exhibited by members of the Massachusetts Legislature are truly commendable. Our legislators put aside their differences and, by working together, created a bill that will have a tremendous impact on our efforts to reduce gun violence in the Commonwealth. I look forward to Governor Patrick signing this bill into law so that we can begin to utilize the tools provided by this legislation.
Boston Public Librarys collections can be easily accessed from home, a local coffee shop, or even the beach. Anyone who lives, works, or goes to school in Massachusetts can have a Boston Public Library card. Many residents of the Commonwealth start with an e-card, available online atwww.bpl.org/ecard, which grants immediate access to the BPLs digital resources.Here are seven ways to sync with the Boston Public Librarys collections and services this summer  all while on the go:About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the appointment of Dr. Theodore Landsmark, who has served as President and CEO of Boston Architectural College, to the Boston Redevelopment Authority (BRA) and Economic Development and Industrial Corporation (EDIC) Board of Directors. Dr. Landsmark, who holds degrees in environmental design and law, is Mayor Walshs first appointment to the BRA/EDIC board, which will fill a currently vacant position. The five-member board meets monthly and is responsible for voting on all final determinations and agreements at the agency, including planning studies, rezoning initiatives, and project permitting.Ted has proven to be an insightful leader who possesses a great sense for what goes into building successful cities, said Mayor Walsh. His dedication to public service has inspired countless others, and Im excited by the fresh perspective and ideas he will bring to the board.  After coming through the harsh economic realities of the Great Recession, Boston is well-poised to draw upon the talents of innovators and long-time residents to work together to make this a truly global city, Dr. Landsmark said. I share Mayor Walshs priorities for making the BRA more open and accountable, and I am honored by the opportunity to help guide the agency into a new era. I look forward to applying my knowledge of architecture, design, and sound fiscal management in shaping the future of development in our city.  At the helm of Boston Architectural College for 17 years, Dr. Landsmark, who attended Yale University and earned a Ph.D. from Boston University, has established himself as an innovative leader with a passion for public service. He has facilitated city planning sessions of the Washington, D.C.-based Mayors Institute on City Design, involving mayors think tanks in New York, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Santa Fe, and Charleston. He has also served as president of the National Architectural Accrediting Board.  Under Dr. Landsmarks leadership, the Boston Architectural College has been accredited for programs in architecture, landscape and interior architecture, and design studies, and created new programs that focus on global historic preservation, sustainable design, and health and well-being. During his tenure, development revenues quadrupled, enrollment doubled, the operating budget rose substantially, governance was restructured, international students began to be recruited, and community service became a part of the curriculum for all students.  Throughout his life and professional career, Dr. Landsmark has been highly engaged in public policy, social justice, and the arts. During the 1980s and 1990s, he held several roles within Bostons city government, where he directed community partnerships, oversaw workforce training and employment programs, and created initiatives to prevent violence and improve youth opportunities. More recently, Dr. Landsmark has contributed to local civic life by serving on Bostons Climate Action Leadership Committee and the Green Ribbon Commission. Dr. Landsmark currently serves as a trustee of the American Architectural Foundation, a fellow of the Design Futures Council, and a board member at Historic New England, Historic Boston, the Fund for the Arts, the New England Foundation for the Arts, and the Trustees of Reservations. He is Trustee Emeritus of the Boston Museum of Fine Arts.  He will join Chairman Timothy Burke, Vice Chairman Paul Foster, Treasurer Consuelo Gonzales-Thornell, and Michael Monahan on the BRA/EDIC board. Board members serve staggered five-year terms. The Mayor of Boston appoints four of the five members, and the Governor appoints the remaining member. Dr. Landsmarks appointment must be confirmed by the City Council.The BRAs next board meeting is scheduled forThursday, August 14 at 5:30 p.m.in Room 900 at Boston City Hall. More information about the meetings, including agendas, minutes, and video coverage of past meetings, is available on the BRAs website:www.bostonredevelopmentauthority.org. All meetings are open to the public, and community members are encouraged to attend.
Each year, first responders from Boston Emergency Medical Services (EMS) and other public safety agencies respond to a wide variety of medical emergencies and public safety issues on Massachusetts largest transportation system, the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authoritys subways, buses and stations.On Friday, July 25, the MBTA held the final training drill in a series conducted throughout the summer with 40Boston EMSEMTs and paramedics at thetransit agency's new training facilityin South Boston. Since June, over 200 members of the force have participated in the exercise.Trainings like this are invaluable to our EMTs and paramedics, said Boston EMS Chief Jim Hooley. The safety of the public, MBTA personnel and our own men and women depends on good communication and response coordination. This type of exercise helps us improve in each of those areas.Whether its a road collision, train derailment or a medical emergency, good coordination and planning among and between various agencies is essential in preventing bad situations from getting worse. These planned and scripted exercises assessed the interagency response and management of emergencies while in a controlled, yet realist tunnel environment.Randy Clarke, MBTA Director of Emergency Management, elaborated, saying, 'Its all about preparedness and partnerships. Boston EMS is one of our most important public safety partners and we are very excited they are taking the opportunity to train at our emergency training center.'The exercise at the MBTA Emergency Training Center provided Boston EMS personnel the opportunity to train in a state-of-the-art facility that is specifically geared to simulate a real-world environment. Participants took part in training involving multiple scenarios and modes of MBTA transportation, including:The MBTA Emergency Training Center consists of multiple training areas, each dedicated to different transit modes or response functions, including heavy rail, light rail, bus, power, evacuation, and both law enforcement and fire response. Full-size decommissioned bus and rail vehicles and a control room that can simulate advanced audio and visual effects add to the realism of the programs the facility will offer. In addition, all training and exercise audio and video can be recorded for review and analysis in the on-site classrooms.
Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) and Adaptive Sports New England are teaming up to offer a new Wheelchair Sports Week at the BCYF White Stadium Sports Center. The Wheelchair Sports Week will runfrom Tuesday, August 12 through Friday, August 15at White Stadium in Franklin Park in Jamaica Plain.The Wheelchair Sports Week will feature wheelchair basketball, wheelchair track & field, and other games. Participating youth ages 7 to 14 should be able to push a manual wheelchair and participate in group games independently. Youth who have lower limb prosthetics or who have lower body impairments -but who regularly walk- are welcome provided they can push a manual wheelchair. Some sport wheelchairs will be available for youth who do not bring their own. Siblings and friends are welcome. The BCYF White Stadium Sports Center is one of three free weekday Sports Centers offered by BCYF. The Sports Centers are available to youth ages 7 to 14 and run throughout the summer from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Youth are invited to attend one of these sports camps to try out a new sport or improve on their existing skills and most of all, have fun while being active! Activities offered differ slightly by location but may include: baseball/softball, tennis, basketball, football, golf and soccer as well as a variety of non-sports recreational activities. The White Stadium Sports Center also offers an academic enrichment program every Monday. Information and an application for the Sports Centers can be found on the Recreation Page of the BCYF website,www.cityofboston.gov/bcyf. To register for the Wheelchair Sports Week, download the White Stadium application, complete the information and check the wheelchair sports box at the top before returning it.Adaptive Sports New England, Hospital for Special Care (CT), and other specialty partners will support BCYF with the Wheelchair Sports Week. For more information about Wheelchair Sports Week, contactLarelle.Bryson@Boston.Govor Joe Walsh of Adaptive Sports New England atjoe.walsh@adaptivesportsne.orgor617-982-2763.The White Stadium Sports Center is part of BCYFs extensive summer menu which includes free weekday drop-in programs at 10 locations in Boston called Summer Fun Stops, three free weekday sports centers, 50 summer day camps and programs at the centers, 20 recreation programs and tournaments including the renowned Boston Neighborhood Basketball League, youth employment, teen and girls programs and many special events. Info:http://www.cityofboston.gov/BCYF/programs/Summer.asp.
The City of Boston is enlisting the aid of some skilled four-legged helpers in order to combat poison ivy, buckthorn, Japanese knotweed, and other invasive plant species growing on Boston Parks and Recreation Department property. The Parks Department has teamed up with the Southwest Boston Community Development Corporation (SWBCDC) and The Goatscaping Company of Duxbury and Plymouth to host a small group of goats at the West Street Urban Wild in Hyde Park as a sustainable approach to landscape management.Goats are an eco-friendly way to regulate overgrowth and manage pests and weeds, while giving nutrients back to the earth, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Im pleased that the Parks Department is innovating in their lot care, and I look forward to seeing the results of the goats work.The idea was generated when teenagers from the Hyde Park Green Team, SWBCDCs environmental education and job readiness program, approached Mayor Martin J. Walsh to discuss goatscaping at the May 27 Mayors Neighborhood Coffee Hour at McGann Playground. Intrigued by the concept and the Green Teams enthusiasm, Mayor Walsh directed Interim Parks Commissioner Chris Cook to work with SWBCDC on the project.Goats are currently used on Bostons Harbor Islands and in other states and major cities including Chicago, Los Angeles, and Washington, D.C., as a safe and responsible way of managing overgrown and invasive vegetation. They do their work quietly and without disturbance, unlike expensive and noisy machinery, or herbicides which can be toxic. There is no hauling or dumping of debris as the goats eat the invasive plants, digest them removing harmful seeds and oils, and then deposit a clean and odorless natural fertilizer back into the landscape. They are also tick resistant, reduce the risk of wildfires, and do not damage the soil thanks to their small hooves.Four goats will live on-site at the West Street Urban Wild for eight weeks. A low-voltage, solar-powered electric fence will be installed to keep the goats in and coyotes out. The fence is not harmful to humans, including children and the elderly, even those with pacemakers. The goats will have a small hut for shelter. Supplemental water, hay, and grain will be stored on the site.The public is welcome to view the goats. The goats wont bite or buck and are very accustomed to the presence of people of all ages. City officials warn, however, that the animals will be living among and eating poison ivy plants and will have poison ivy oils on their fur. The public should not to pet them. In addition, visitors should not tease or feed the goats.Teenagers from the Hyde Park Green Team will check on the goats daily, and provide them with fresh water and the proper amount of supplemental grain and hay. Any residents interested in helping to help feed and water the goats on weekends must first call (617) 364-7300 to receive a short training from SWBCDC staff.The goats will eat the large amounts of poison ivy currently covering the urban wild, making it safe for Green Team youth to enter the site to begin tree pruning and trail building. The Green Team will also conduct outreach to engage neighbors in the ongoing care and use of the site for recreation and relaxation. The New Mission High School in Hyde Park has already agreed to work with the Green Team as Friends of West Street.Located at the easternmost part of West Street in Hyde Park, the West Street Urban Wild is a rare piece of greenspace along the Neponset River. The parcel is bounded on the northwest by private residences that front on Pierce Street, on the northeast by West Street, on the east by the Neponset River, on the southeast by an Amtrak and MBTA Commuter Rail right-of-way and on the southwest by privately-owned land. Mostly wooded and flat, the urban wild's uniqueness lies in its status as one of the few conservation areas along the Neponset River.Proximity of the site to the MBTAs Fairmount Line has prompted the Fairmount Greenway Task Force, a coalition of community-based organizations in the Fairmount rail corridor, to add the West Street Urban Wild as a priority open space development site in the six-mile-long planned greenway.
The Portable Reading Room, a winning project of Mayor Martin J. Walshs first Public Space Invitational held in June, has debuted on the Rose Kennedy Greenway. The rolling library, also called Uni, is the creation of Leslie and Sam Davol who submitted the idea as a way to give residents and visitors an uplifting reason to gather in public space.This is another great example of how creative ideas for public space make our city more livable, said Mayor Walsh. I think our streets, plazas, and sidewalks can be our classrooms, our community centers, and our art galleries. Reading is so important for people of all ages, and Im pleased that we are partnering to bringing that opportunity directly to the people.Mayor Walsh donated two books to the librarys collection:The Giving Treeby Shel Silverstein andRosie Revere the Engineerby Andrea Beaty, which was named as the Best Read Aloud Book Award at a ReadBoston event earlier this month (http://bit.ly/ReadRosie).A great collection of books and comfortable seating in public space brings people out and brings out the best in people, said Leslie Davol, who runs the Uni Project with her husband Sam. It makes the scale of the city feel more intimate, and it says to people--especially kids--that books and learning are something that we value.Uni is a collaborative effort between the Davols, the Rose Kennedy Greenway Conservancy, the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics, and the Boston Public Library. Funding for the project was provided by Robert Half and the cart was built by Howeler + Yoon Architecture in Boston. Books were donated by the Boston Public Library and Houghton Mifflin.Were looking forward to adding Uni to our placemaking toolkit on the Greenway, providing both great books for people and a shady or sunny spot to enjoy them, said Charlie McCabe, Director of Public Programs for the Rose Kennedy Greenway Conservancy. Were pleased to work with the City of Boston and the Office of New Urban Mechanics, the Uni Project, and Robert Half in helping us bring Uni to Boston.Uni will become part of both large and small events on the Greenway during the rest of the summer and into the fall. It will be featured during the upcoming Boston Figment Festival on the Greenway on Saturday, July 26, and Sunday, July 27, and during the annual Truck and Tractor Day on Tuesday, August 5.Uni is one of nine winners fromBoston First Public Space Invitational, a design competition to re-think public space facilitated by the Streetscape Lab of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics. The Streetscape Lab is focused on exploring how to make Boston's public spaces greener, smarter, and more awesome. 
Boston Public Librarys Concerts in the Courtyard continue through August 29, welcoming visitors to experience the music of local and international artists in a variety of genres at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street. In addition to Friday lunchtime concerts at 12:30 p.m., this season the library now offers evening concerts on Wednesdays at 6 p.m. All the concerts are free and last approximately one hour.August concerts showcase contemporary and traditional jazz, indie folk, opera, and more:The Concerts in the Courtyard schedule, which is generously sponsored by the Boston Public Library Foundation (www.bplf.com), can be viewed atwww.bpl.org/concerts. If there is inclement weather, concerts will be moved to the Commonwealth Salon.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the City of Boston's Inspectional Services Department (ISD) have directed the Zoning Board of Appeals (ZBA) to extend its hearing hours. EffectiveAugust 5, 2014, ZBA hearings will go from half days to full days. The hearings will begin at9:00 a.m.and end at4:00 p.m.every otherTuesdayuntil further notice.This revised schedule will significantly reduce the amount of time appellants currently wait for a hearing date at the Zoning Board of Appeals. At present, many applicants can wait up to six months in order for the next available hearing timeslot. Interested residents can now view ZBA hearings on Boston City TV (Comcast channel 24 and RCN channel 13), and on the web at:http://www.cityofboston.gov/cable/live.asp""We want to make the permitting process more efficient and transparent for applicants and residents alike,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This is the first in a set of steps residents will see aimed at improving the overall permitting experience in Boston.""A lengthy, complex Zoning Board of Appeals process was one issue highlighted by in the administrations Inspectional Services Transition Paper. ""The additional hours will help streamline the hearing process time. We will continue to run longer hours until the backlog of cases for review has been addressed,"" said ISD Commissioner William Buddy Christopher.Mayor Walshs interagency permitting team has been meeting regularly since February to improve the process, technology and tracking of permit applications citywide. Additional changes to the permitting processes will be announced in the coming months."
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the start of construction of new athletic fields as part of the West Roxbury Education Complex, located at 1205 Veterans of Foreign Wars Parkway.Home to the West Roxbury High School Raiders football team, the existing collection of athletic fields have warranted a significant makeover to support the growing demands of the school and the community.This is an exciting addition to the Boston Public School athletic facilities system and the community of West Roxbury, said Mayor Walsh. These improvements will serve the next generation of our students and future civic leaders.The construction project will replace the existing fields with new artificial turf athletic fields consisting of a football field, baseball field, softball field and a multi-use field. The project will also construct a new 6-lane paved running track with spectator stands, three tennis courts, and two half-court basketball courts,and provide the various associated field event appurtenances along with a new, energy-efficient lighting system. New handicap accessible pathways will be constructed to provide access to the various athletic field areas as well as to the adjacent Millennium Park.The additional playing fields, artificial turf track field and the new lighting system will enable a larger number of children and adults to utilize the adjacent Millennium Park to its fullest capability, said Olivia A. Waishek, President of the West Roxbury Civic and Improvement Association.Site preparation work started earlier this year, with the relocating of various utilities that serve the education complex, said Michael Dennehy, Interim Commissioner for the Public Works Department. The remainder of this year will be used to build up the field complex to support the various athletic fields, including the running track.Majority of the athletic field installation work will commence early next year, with the overall $18 million landfill capping and athletic field construction project slated to be completed by August of 2015.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh released the findings of a performance review of the Boston Redevelopment Authority (BRA). Commissioned by Mayor Walsh in March, the audit evaluates the BRAs and the Economic Development Industrial Corporations (EDIC) adherence to internal policies, procedures, and protocols. The two agencies, which merged operationally in 1995, are charged with planning and economic development efforts for the City of Boston. The audit was conducted by KPMG.The review uncovered several facets of the BRAs structure and operations that are in dire need of reform. While the BRA and EDIC should ideally function as a unified entity, in practice their operations have remained largely separate in the nearly 20 years since they merged. A single board of directors oversees the activities of both entities. However, actions taken by the board on BRA matters are not binding on the EDIC, and vice versa. BRA and EDIC employees are also often physically located apart from one another, with BRA staff primarily housed at City Hall and EDIC staff split between offices at Hawkins Street and in the Boston Marine Industrial Park. Complicating matters further is the fact that the employees are governed by different payroll and benefit systems.We have a lot of work ahead of us to make the Boston Redevelopment Authority a more modern, nimble, transparent, and responsive agency, Mayor Walsh said. This report lays the groundwork for improvements that have already begun and will continue to unfold. There are certain areas within the organization that we need to take a closer look at. However, its clear that development is booming in Boston, and Im hopeful that reforming the BRA will help to make our city an even more attractive place to do business.Under the umbrella of the BRA and EDIC are several other departments, programs, and non-profit entities that function with varying degrees of oversight from the agencys management and board. The Office of Jobs and Community Services, ReadBoston and WriteBoston, and Youth Opportunities Unlimited, for example, have historically all operated with a high level of autonomy but technically are required to report the BRAs director and board. The report encourages leadership to consider all activities currently under the purview of the BRA/EDIC to determine whether such activities are consistent with the mission of the organization or are better situated in other parts of the City.Due largely to a lack of integration between departments, the BRA is frequently perceived as less efficient, responsive, and accountable to the public than it should be.To begin correcting internal issues and the external perception of the agency, auditors from KPMG suggested, leadership should consider having not only a Director of the BRA who can ensure that the mission is defined and adhered to but also a chief operating officer who would be responsible for day to day operations of the organization consistent with the implementation of that mission.The report goes on to highlight insufficient and disjointed compliance protocols as a major shortcoming of the BRA. Auditors were not able to identify a list of compliance requirements, and while a compliance department has existed since 2004, its effectiveness has been limited. Compliance is currently unable to systematically track commitments made by developers, EDIC lease and equity payments, and deed restrictions. A lack of internal project naming conventions makes it extremely difficult to research information on prior agreements, according to the report.As part of the BRAs development review process, developer commitments are typically tied to the issuance of a building permit from the Citys Inspectional Services Department. Yet, there is currently no standard process for ensuring that this information is shared between the two agencies. The BRA will complete a thorough internal review of previous commitments and lease agreements to determine how much money may be owed to the agency and the City.The BRA lacks a centralized digital document repository, and instead maintains many critical documents in paper form. Asset management is also problematic, as the BRA has no formal strategy for overseeing or ensuring optimal value for the properties it owns. Many leases have expired or been renegotiated without new leases being prepared or executed, and there is no written policy for evicting a tenant that is not current on rent.Mayor Walsh has repeatedly stated the need to improve transparency, efficiency, and fairness at the agency. The audits findings provide the Mayor with a foundation of information that will be used to guide improvements at the BRA. The pro bono review was intended to provide a high-level evaluation of the agencys functions with respect to its core mission  managing citywide and neighborhood planning initiatives and reviewing development projects. KPMG was not tasked with providing recommendations for implementing specific reforms. As a first step, the BRA will hire an outside firm to complete a thorough review of the agencys planning department. Planners at the BRA, working hand-in-hand with the community, local institutions, and other city agencies, help to shape the long-term development vision for Boston and its neighborhoods. The department has been criticized in the past for needing to be more predictable and transparent with its decision making. A focused, independent review of its procedures and protocols will help identify areas for improvement.The report raises many serious and troubling concerns about how the organization has operated over the years, said Brian Golden, Acting Director of the BRA. We embrace these findings. This is an opportunity to strengthen the way we do business so that were able to serve the public in a more efficient, accountable, and transparent manner. I want to thank KPMG, and Shawn Warren in particular, for their hard work to help us begin to chart a course for the new BRA.Acting Director Golden and members of the BRAs leadership team  which includes a new chief of staff (Heather Campisano), and a new director of development review and policy (Erico Lopez)  have already begun to institute reforms to improve the BRAs operations. Recent changes to vacation, sick leave, and compensatory time policies for employees will help the agency save funding. The human resources division is now in the process of implementing performance evaluations for all employees and management training for senior staff.Under the leadership of a new chief information officer (Michael OShea), several technology solutions have been implemented or are underway to increase accessibility and transparency. BRA board meeting documents and awarded bids and contracts are now easier to access on the BRAs new website. In the near future, developers will be able to submit their documents online rather than in paper. Standard software, hardware, and a new work order management system to track IT service requests have been introduced. The CIO is also actively seeking to hire a database administrator and to purchase a cloud-based digital asset management tool to help centralize access to information.To increase accountability for affordable housing commitments made by developers, the Citys Department of Neighborhood Development will now oversee the Inclusionary Development Policy. The BRA previously shared the responsibility for administering the program.In May, Mayor Walsh appointed Bryan Glascock to be the BRAs senior adviser for regulatory reform. In this newly-created role, Glascock will help streamline and revamp the Citys complex zoning and permitting process.The full audit is available at www.bostonredevelopmentauthority.org.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh joined ReadBoston for the 10thannual Best Read Aloud Book Award selection event. A group of notable Bostonians gathered in the Mayors office to pick the best read aloud book of 2013. Twelve books were presented to the volunteer judges, and the panel namedRosie Revere, Engineeras the winner. The book was written by Andrea Beaty, illustrated by David Roberts, and published by Abrams Books for Young Readers.The selection committee included WBZ-TVs Lisa Hughes, literary agent Ike Williams, State Representative Russell Holmes,Boston Globecolumnist Kevin Cullen, ESPN columnist Jackie MacMullan, Boys and Girls Clubs of Boston CEO Josh Kraft, Boston Marathon race director Dave McGillivray, the Boston Public Librarys President Amy Ryan, President and CEO of the Greater Boston YMCA Kevin Washington, fashion designer Tonya Mezrich, City Councilor Ayanna Pressley, ReadBostons Executive Director Theresa Lynn, and others.New York Timesbestselling author Andrea Beatys popular childrens book previously received a 2013Parents Choice Gold Award.Rosie Revere, Engineertells the story of a girl and her dream of becoming an engineer. Rosie is inspired to invent things from odds and ends that some people might see as rubbish. Afraid of failure, she hides her creations under her bed until a fateful visit from her great-great-aunt Rose shows her that she can only truly fail if she quits.Over 400 books were submitted from across the U.S. and Canada for consideration in ReadBostons Best Read Aloud Book Award program. The award was created 10 years ago to bring attention to the importance of reading aloud to children. The winning books, with illustrations that help tell the story, are meant to engage children 4-8 years old in group reading.About ReadBoston:ReadBoston is the citys only comprehensive early literacy program, reaching Bostons children at all points in their day, all year long. The program provide schools, after school programs, early childhood centers, summer programs and families with the resources they need to set Bostons children on the path to reading success. Follow the latest on ReadBoston by visitingwww.facebook.com/ReadBoston.
Boston City Hall is featuring two exhibitions of art and photography by the South Boston Arts Association (http://www.southbostonartsassoc.org) and Historic New England (http://www.historicnewengland.org). The exhibits are presented by the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture.The South Boston Arts Associations exhibition highlights artists and poets from the neighborhoods of South Boston. From abstract to realism to poetry, this exhibition highlights a wide variety of techniques and themes. The artists featured include Paul Christian, Dennis Conway, Amanda Crump, Norman Crump, Harold Cunniff, William Frew, Joe Kerbartas, Dan McCole, Dorothy Morris, Deb Putnam, and Tom Steiner.The exhibition will be on display from July 7 until August 22, 2014, in The Scollay Square Gallery on the third floor at Boston City Hall.Historic New EnglandsThe Camera'sCoastexhibitpresents images from the collection depicting life along the New Englandcoastin the late 19th and early 20th Centuries. These were years of great social and economic change, with many traditional occupations were in decline, such as longshore fishing to shipbuilding to deep-water voyaging. As the number of people who could afford vacations grew, and improved transportation made it easy for them to flee the city in the summertime,coastal recreation boomed, boating and yachting blossomed.Pioneering photographers represented inThe Camera'sCoastinclude Emma L. Coleman, Baldwin Coolidge, Henry G. Peabody, Fred Quimby, and Nathaniel L. Stebbins. Subjects depicted include square-riggers,coasting schooners, fishing vessels and fishing ports, steamships and steamboats, tugs, small boats and large yachts, summer hotels and fishermen's shacks, beach houses, mansion houses, rusticators, fishermen, seaweed gatherers, lifesavers, and saltmarsh haymakers.The exhibition will be on displayJuly 7 until July 31, 2014, in The Mayors Neighborhood Gallery on the second floor at Boston City Hall.The Galleries at Boston City Hall are open to the public at no charge. Boston City Hall is accessible by MBTA via State Street (Orange and Blue lines) and Park Street (Green and Red lines). For additional information, call617-635-3245, or visithttp://www.cityofboston.gov/arts.
"In the last week, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced a series of programs and initiatives to support immigrant integration in the City of Boston: the launch of theNew Bostonians Fellowship Program the Citys participation in theWelcoming Cities Project and his support ofAn Act Relative to the Preparation of Certain Bilingual Ballots in the City of Boston.""Having a diverse, welcoming city will attract the top talent from around the world to drive our economy forward."" said Mayor Walsh. ""That talent includes people with special skills in technology, engineering, and science. But it also includes people with a special understanding of how community workspeople who take the time to look out for neighbors, who join religious and civic organizations, who gather people together.""The New Bostonians Fellowship Programis a part of a new initiative to select and dedicate a staff member to expand and promote successful welcoming and empowering initiatives within Bostons municipal and residential communities. The program seeks entrepreneurial self-starters with at least five years of professional experience in public policy, public administration or immigrant affairs, and is modeled after the Boston Urban Mechanic Fellowship Program that has brought many talented young professionals to work for the city.The New Bostonians Fellowship will act as a welcoming champion by helping develop a detailed and innovative action plan and generate awareness and support for the city's efforts to empower immigrants to fully participate in the social, economic and civic life of the City. The Fellowship will help research and implementsuccessful immigration integration best practices, develop a campaign to help change the rhetoric about immigrants and increase engagement and partner with organizations to facilitate workshops that offer leadership training for achieving more active roles in decision-making bodies.Applications for the fellowship are being accepted untilAugust 11.The New Bostonians Fellowship program is supported by a grant from the Barr Foundation.""This is a great opportunity for highly motivated leaders who are looking to play an active role andcontribute significantly to the fabric of Boston, said Alejandra St. Guillen, Director of theMayors Office of New Bostonians. We are looking for dynamic, creative people who understand the need for action and are passionate about addressing immigrant integration challenges.Mayor Walsh also announced thatBoston is joining theWelcoming Cities Project,a national, grassroots-driven collaborative that promotes a welcoming atmosphere and cooperation community by community. As part of this newly-established partnershipwith Welcoming America, theCity of Boston and his Office of New Bostonians will work to identify opportunities to engage Bostons immigrant communities and further their roles in the social, economic, and civic life of the City.And today, Mayor Walsh joined Governor Deval Patrick as he signedAn Act Relative to the Preparation of Certain Bilingual Ballots in the City of Boston, which allows the City to provide ballots for state and federal elections transliterated (substitution of characters for sounds) into Chinese and translated into Vietnamese. The City of Boston first began using transliterated ballots in the 2007 municipal election and has continued to do so for every municipal election since then.Securing bilingual ballots is a great victory for this community, and a great victory for civic engagement in Boston, said Mayor Walsh. By fighting for this access and by voting this fall, Americans of Chinese and Vietnamese origin prove that diversity and democracy go hand in hand."
The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, in partnership with Together Boston (http://togetherboston.com), will present A Celebration of Summer: The Donna Summer Memorial Roller Disco Tribute Party on Friday, July 18, 2014, at City Hall Plaza from 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.mBorn and raised in Boston (Mission Hill, Roxbury, and Dorchester),Summeris beloved for her hits like I Feel Love, Last Dance, MacArthur Park, Hot Stuff, Bad Girls, Dim All the Lights, No More Tears (Enough Is Enough), and On the Radio. A five-time Grammy Award-winner,Summerhas sold more than 130 million records, making her one of the best-selling artists of all time.Two years after her passing, Boston will celebrateSummers legacy with a roller disco tribute party featuring Dorchester's own Kon and friends spinning disco and funk. Dance Spot Boston, a mobile dance floor art installation, will create a custom dance floor to celebrate this Boston music icon.Two of Boston's most famous drag queens, Frieda Fries and Nicholle Pride of Perestroika, will also model some ofSummers most iconic looks.This is a free event. Attendees must provide theirown skates or blades, or may rent them for free on-site.City Hall Plaza is accessible by MBTA via State Street (Orange and Blue lines) and Park Street (Green and Red lines). For additional information, call617-635-3245or visithttp://www.cityofboston.gov/arts.
"The Boston Transportation Department (BTD) welcomes innovation in all aspects of urban transportation, including the use of apps by smartphone users. BTD is excited to pursue new methods of easing congestion and promoting green alternatives for all those who live and work in the Boston area. Such methods, however, must not interfere with the publics right to access public resources, including parking. Pay-to-park apps may impede access to public parking spaces.""By inviting users to transfer the occupancy of a particular parking space for a fee, these apps may subject public spaces to private regulation. Use of these apps while searching for a parking space may also lead to distracted driving.""BTD, the entity with exclusive statutory authority to regulate the flow of traffic and manage parking in the City of Boston, ensures fair and equal access to public resources. As such, BTD will continue to evaluate any and all systems that may infringe upon the publics right to equal access and/or those that may artificially inflate the cost of spaces on Boston roadways and in municipal off-street parking lots, and BTD will take appropriate measures to prohibit any such app that is determined to do so.?"
"The Mayor is always looking at ways to improve parking in Boston. We encourage innovation, particularly relative to addressing our transportation challenges in Boston. The City, for example, has issued Requests for Proposals for partners who can offer apps and other methods to help people pay parking meters and parking tickets those proposals are dueJuly 18th and July 25th, respectively.""Services like Haystack, however, artificially inflate the cost of parking and allow individuals to profit from public space. Neither of these activities is in line with the City's effort to keep parking as open and publicly accessible as possible. These spaces are publicly owned, and cannot be privately sold.""We are aware of Haystack's 'launch' today, and the City of Boston maintains our position: metered and residential parking spaces are publicly owned and cannot be privately sold. Expanding on this, the Boston Transportation Department today issued the the policy statement below. ""At this time, we are not engaged with Haystack in any discussions around a partnership. City representatives have met with Haystack to explore their service, and at this point, we remain concerned that their app, and apps like it, artificially inflate the cost of parking, and allow individuals to profit from public space. We are exploring our options to protect the residents and consumers of Boston."" "
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) and the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM) will host its first-ever HubHacks Permitting Challenge. The civic-minded Hackathon will begin a project to reinvent the Citys online permitting experience, one of the most common ways that Bostonians interact with the City of Boston. HubHacks will be held on August 9 and 10, 2014, at District Hall (75 Northern Ave), and will tap into Bostons deep and talented technology community.I have made a strong commitment to ensuring a smooth process for anyone in need of permits, from the biggest business seeking an entertainment license, to the individual residents hoping to add a porch to their property, said Mayor Walsh. Boston is a unique city and we want a citizen-friendly portal that is designed with our specific city in mind. That is why we are hosting HubHacks  to find a collaborative solution to an issue with broad implications.Individual residents, business owners, and contractors file nearly 100,000applications annually for any ofmore than 40different permits that the City issues throughits citywide permitting software system. In his first six months in office, Mayor Walsh tasked his administration with comprehensively improve the permitting process, streamlining the underlying business processes, providing more transparency, and offering a higher-level of customer service.At HubHacks a new application programming interface (API) will be unveiled, which will allow Bostons tech community the ability to create custom applications that feed directly into the Citys permitting system.Participants in the event will take on one of four challenges, each of which represents current pain points in the permitting process.This event will serve as a unique opportunity to hear about difficulties in Bostons existing permitting system, collaborate and connect with new partners, and learn about a forthcoming RFP process to build Bostons new online permitting tool. Further details and registration for HubHacks can be found athttp://hubhacks.challengepost.com.
The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture is presenting the GospelFest Community Choir, with open auditions to be held on Monday, July 14, 2014, and Thursday, July 17, 2014, from 6:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.mon the 3rd floor of City Hall.This will be the first time that open auditions have been held for GospelFest. The GospelFest Community Choir will allow anyone with an interest the opportunity to learn the history of gospel music, as well as share the stage with acclaimed artists.Now in its 14th year, GospelFest is Bostons premier Gospel Showcase, blending contemporary and traditional gospel melodies. This year, GospelFest will be led by Caitlin Banks, who graduated with a bachelors degree in Film Composition and a minor in Orchestral Conducting from Berklee College of Music. Currently, Banks works as Musical Director for Boston-based multimedia organization,The Loft Sessions,and also as Director of the classical chamber choir,Crepusculum.Candidates should be at least 18 years of age, have had prior choir experience, and be prepared to perform 30 seconds of a gospel song of their choice.GospelFest 2014 will be held Sunday, August 10, 2014, from 4:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. on City Hall Plaza, featuring JJ Hairston and Youthful Praise.GospelFest is made possible with support from Bank of America.City Hall Plaza is accessible by MBTA via State Street (Orange and Blue lines) and Park Street (Green and Red lines). For additional information, call 617-635-3911 or visithttp://www.cityofboston.gov/arts.
Today, in a ceremony at Faneuil Hall held beforefamily and friends, 20 recruits graduated from the Boston Emergency Medical Service (EMS) Training Academy after six rigorous months of study. Among those addressing the graduates were Mayor Martin J. Walsh, Boston Public Health Commission Executive Director Barbara Ferrer, and Boston EMS Chief of Department James Hooley.The ceremony also formally recognized six EMTs who were promoted to the position of paramedic in March. Paramedics, promoted from the internal ranks of veteran EMTs, are selected after completing a competitive process that includes a 500-hour internship and an oral review board.As one of the finest EMS systems in the country, Boston EMS is at the cornerstone of public health and safety, said Mayor Walsh. Through compassionate care and dedication, our EMTs and paramedics serve the residents of Boston during their most vulnerable moments, offering expert medical care and support. I know todays graduates will continue in that tradition, upholding the values of Boston EMS and making our city proud.Like the city they serve, the 11 male and nine female graduates come from diverse backgrounds and speak multiple languages, including Spanish, French, Vietnamese, Haitian Creole, and Cape Verdean Creole. Two graduates are versed in American Sign Language, further strengthening the forces communication skills, language capacity, and ability to communicate effectively with everyone in Boston.The recruits, already state-certified EMTs, completed an additional 12 weeks of classroom training and practical scenario work, as well as a 15-week field internship program, to prepare them for providing the best possible care in a busy urban system. Training officers from Boston EMS and partner agencies worked diligently over the last six months to prepare the recruits to respond skillfully in a variety of situations, including mass casualty incidents, domestic violence, hazmat exposures, bomb stand-bys, transportation accidents, and life-threatening emergencies.I am proud of our newest EMTs for successfully completing the Academy, said Chief Hooley. We set the highest standards for each recruit class and they have risen to the challenge. I welcome them as full-fledged members of Boston EMS.During their field training, recruits have responded to over 4,900 calls ranging from minor incidents to life-threatening emergencies and have been on hand to staff large-scale events such as the 118th Boston Marathon andthe recent 4th of July festivities. Several members of the graduating class have already been instrumental in saving lives.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the City of Boston released a Request for Ideas (RFI) for the 3,350 square foot Innovation Center planned for the redeveloped Ferdinand Building in Dudley Square. The call for ideas and proposals for innovation related programming, concepts, and business models for the site will assist the City in gauging interest and understanding the current state of the marketplace and the potential economic impact of the Roxbury Innovation Center on the surrounding community.I want to bring the future economy to every Boston neighborhood, and the Roxbury Innovation Center will be the catalyst for Dudley Square, said Mayor Walsh. Im looking to Bostons vibrant innovation community forideas on how to shape this opportunity, and to lay the groundwork for this exciting approach to economic development.Mayor Walsh announced plans for The Roxbury Innovation Center during his Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce speech in April 2014. The center will be located on the second floor of the Ferdinand Building, which is currently being redeveloped and will be the future headquarters of Boston Public Schools. The building is slated to open in the first quarter of 2015.The RFI is not a formal procurement process to select an operator, but rather an informal solicitation to gauge interest and gather information. The RFI is available here:http://www.cityofboston.gov/procurement/events/. Responses are due on or beforeSeptember 1, 2014.
The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture will feature an exhibition of photography by South End artist Lazaro Montano (http://www.lazaromontano.com).Montano is an interdisciplinary artist whose medium is said to be information. His method is to collect, synthesize, and quantify data associated with social and cultural meaning and arrange them in an ordered and structured form. In doing so, he attempts to reflect on the contemporary pursuit of creating order out of our many needs and desires.Born in Miami, Montano received his MFA from Tufts University and the School of the Museum of Fine Arts. Montano was a finalist for The Massachusetts Cultural Council Fellowship grant for photography in 2013.The Mayors Gallery (http://www.cityofboston.gov/arts/visual/galleries.asp) is located on the 5thFloor at Boston City Hall. The exhibition will be on display through August 15, 2014, during City Hall hours, Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.The Galleries at Boston City Hall are open to the public at no charge. Boston City Hall is accessible by MBTA via State Street (Orange and Blue lines) and Park Street (Green and Red lines). For additional information call 617-635-3245, or visithttp://www.cityofboston.gov/arts
The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture is presenting the free Arts on the Arcade series featuring visual and crafts artists and live music performances. The events will take place on Fridays from 11 a.m. - 5 p.m. starting July 11, 2014, and running through August 29,2014.The series will be held at Samuel Adams Park, at Faneuil Hall at Congress Street (Google Map:https://goo.gl/maps/YarwE).Arts on the Arcade offers a diverse range of visual and performing artistic expressions. Now in its twelfth year, Arts on the Arcade evokes a lively and festive European marketplace. Each year, juried selections of visual and crafts artists are given the opportunity to sell handmade crafts and artwork covering many different styles from jewelry to photography, glass art to paintings.Local artists to be featured include:July 11, July 25, August 8, August 22:July 18, August 1, August 15, August 29:Schedule of music performances (between noon and 2:00 p.m.):Samuel Adams Park is handicapped accessible and can be reached by T via State Street (Orange and Blue lines), Haymarket (Green line) and Downtown Crossing (Red line). For further information call617-635-3245or visithttp://www.cityofboston.gov/arts
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that The Trust for Public Land, a leading national nonprofit land conservation organization, has acquired and received approval from the City of BostonsDepartment of Neighborhood Development(DND) to create the first urban farm in Boston allowed under the City's new ""Article 89"" commercial farming zoning.The announcement was made during a community-wide celebration ofBostons Urban Agricultureprogram at the formerly city-owned parcel at 225 Harold Street in Roxbury. Bostons Urban Agriculture Initiative is part ofMayor Walshsoverall food agenda, which aims to increase access to affordable and healthy food to Bostons residents.""Farmersmake goodneighbors. Urbanagriculture is an innovative way to improve city life, Mayor Walsh said. ""Bostons new zoning creates opportunities for entrepreneurs, decreases the distance food travels from farm to table, andimproves the lives of our residents. I want to thank the Trust for Public Land for partnering with the City of Boston to create urban farms like this one in ourneighborhoods.""Bostons Urban Agriculture Initiative is a national model that brings the farming community and government agencies together to increase education and knowledge around healthy eating, farming, and food production, and promotes economic opportunities by increasing partnerships between local government and local and regional food producers.TheBoston Redevelopment Authorityand Mayors Office of Food Initiatives worked with urban farming advocates and neighborhoods to come up with Boston's first ""right-to-farm"" by-law, known as Article 89. The Garrison Trotter farm is the first of a number of collaborations between the Trust for Public Land, DNI, and the Urban Farming Institute of Boston to acquire and improve several other vacant lots in Roxbury and Dorchester.Garrison Trotter Farm will be for use by local neighborhood farmers who will have the opportunity to grow food commercially on the farm through a partnership with the Urban Farming Institute, Dudley Neighbors Inc., and City Growers.The land on Harold Street was protected for decades by The Garrison Trotter Neighborhood Association and owned by DND. The Trust for Public Land, the site's new owner, will continue to collaborate with the Urban Farming Institute of Boston and the City to acquire and improve several other vacant lots in Roxbury and Dorchester. The Trust for Public Land has secured private funds for the acquisition, permitting, and creation of three new urban farms on City-owned land, and the Department of Neighborhood Development continues to identify additional property for development into farms."
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the City of Bostons Alzheimers Initiative, which includes dementia capable training for city employees and volunteers and the citys membership in the national Alzheimers Association Workplace Alliance. The multi-faceted initiative will offer information and support services to people with Alzheimers and their caregivers, and raise awareness about the importance of early detection of the disease. Mayor Walsh will also serve as the honorary chair of the Greater Boston Walk to End Alzheimers this September.This is personal for me -- my grandmother had Alzheimers and I saw firsthand the toll it takes on a family, and the love and patience that is required to care for someone with the disease, said Mayor Walsh. Together we can make Boston a supportive place for people affected by Alzheimers, and give family members the knowledge, understanding, and tools to cope with what can be a difficult situation.As part of the initiative the City of Boston has joined the Alzheimers Workplace Alliance, formerly the Alzheimers Early Detection Alliance, a group of nearly 2,000 leading companies and organizations that have stepped up as leaders in the fight against Alzheimer's disease. As a member, the City of Boston is committed to connecting its17,000 employees to support and information on the disease, educating employees about the warning signs of Alzheimers, the importance of early detection, and the resources available to help them. Boston Medical Center, Northeastern University and the Building and Construction Trades Council of the Metropolitan District are also part of the Alzheimers Workplace Alliance.Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston have taken a huge step in addressing a health care issue that increasingly impacts us all, said James Wessler, president/CEO of the Alzheimers Association, MA/ NH Chapter. Since Boston is an international hub for Alzheimers research and programs, its only fitting that Boston become the first major American city to join the Workplace Alliance. Education and support can make a significant difference in the quality of life for those living with the disease, and their families.The City of Boston is also committed to working with the Alzheimers Association to provide training to city employees that have direct and regular contact with individuals that may have Alzheimers. Over the next two years the City of Boston will train staff at the Boston Police Department, Emergency Medical Services, the Boston Fire Department, Boston Housing Authority, and the Elderly Commission to be dementia capable. Volunteers with the Elderly Commissions 55+ RSVP program, will also be trained to provide respite services to caregivers of people with Alzheimers disease.The majority of care for people with Alzheimers disease is provided at home by informal caregivers  spouses, adult children and others, said Commissioner Emily Shea. Accessible respite services are an important piece to the caregiving puzzle.This year, Mayor Walsh will serve as honorary chair of the Greater Boston Walk to End Alzheimers on Sunday, September 28, 2014. The Alzheimers Association Walk to End Alzheimers is the worlds largest event to raise awareness and funds for Alzheimers care, support, and research.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh signed a Surrounding Community Agreement with Mohegan Sun Massachusetts. The deal provides for an estimated $300M in investments in Boston over a 15-year period.This was a difficult decision, but I have a responsibility as the Mayor of Boston to protect the best interests of our City, and of those in the neighborhood most impacted by this proposal, said Mayor Walsh. Mohegan Sun has engaged fully with our team and with this City, with a clear intent to be a good neighbor to our community. I appreciate their willingness to come to the table and work together on a deal that supports and strengthens Bostons infrastructure and economy.With this agreement, Mohegan Sun Massachusetts will invest $45M in transportation improvements to the City of Boston and the area surrounding the casino site. The City of Boston will receive $30M over 10 years for local capital projects in East Boston, and will receive a minimum of $18M annually to mitigate the community impact of the casino development. This community impact annual payment will increase based on gross gaming revenue calculated in a given year.In addition, Mohegan has pledged to use local vendors for goods and services for their facilities, which will inject upwards of $50M into the Boston economy. Mohegan has also pledged to give preference to East Boston residents when hiring to fill positions in the construction phase of the plan, and in the jobs that become available with the casino and its affiliates upon opening.If there is an attempt to introduce a gaming- or casino-related facility in any part of property located in East Boston, Mohegan agrees to address Boston as a host community as they engage in the plans. This will immediately trigger a vote for community members, and a discussion of new, revised mitigation as a host community.As part and parcel of todays transaction, the City of Boston also signed an agreement with Suffolk Downs which will preserve hundreds of jobs and secure revenue through continued property and real estate taxes. Suffolk Downs has agreed that they will keep their track open for the duration of the casino license for Region A. In addition, if Suffolk Downs begins any reconstruction or revitalization of their property, the City of Boston will serve in a master planning and oversight role.This agreement was signed at approximately 4:00 p.m. today in the Mayors Office.
Text of the proclamation:WhereasUrban agriculture improves access to fresh, local food within the city limits of Boston, reducing the distance food travels from farm to table, strengthening community, and developing neighborhood and city-wide resiliency andWhereasUrban Agriculture entrepreneurs fortify the human, environmental, and community health of their neighborhoods, all while creating local, sustainable jobs andWhereasThe Mayors Urban Agriculture Working Group has worked tirelessly with the Boston Redevelopment Authority and the Mayors Office of Food Initiatives to create a zoning code that empowers farmers to start their businesses in Boston, and to make Boston a nationwide leader in urban growing, andWhereasThe Urban Farming Institute has trained farmers and prepared them for careers in urban farming andWhereasThe Trust for Public Land, the Dudley Street Neighborhood Initiative and the Department of Neighborhood Development have worked together to provide land to these farmers andWhereasFathom Information and Harvard Food Law and Policy have made information transparent  digesting complex legal documents and turning them into users guides and data visualizations andWhereasThe Conservation Law Foundation and the Harvard Food Law and Policy Clinic have created a hub for farmers and food entrepreneurs to access free legal help.WhereasToday is the Groundbreaking for Bostons newest Urban Farm at 225-227 Harold Street, and will be a celebration of all the work the city, its various departments and sister agencies, and all our partners have done in support of developing Urban Agriculture here in Boston.ThereforeI, Martin M. Walsh, Mayor of the City of Boston, do hereby declareFriday, July 11th, 2014 to beUrban Agriculture Dayand I urge all of my fellow Bostonians to recognize and appreciate those who engage in urban growing of any kind, and to acknowledge the role of urban agriculture in supporting our neighborhoods.
The initiative, entitled Boston Homes for the Brave, seeks to house Bostons 400homelessveterans, and is a part of the federalMayors Challenge to End VeteranHomelessness.Todays announcement was held at the New England Center forHomelessVeterans. At todays announcement, Mayor Walsh challenged the Boston real estate community and business leaders to step up to the plate to help veterans find a safe place to call home.One of the biggest barriers for a returning veteran is finding safe, affordable housing and securing employment, Mayor Walsh said. Today, I am asking Bostons real estate community to join us in our fight to provide affordable rental units for our heroes. If you are a landlord you please list your available rental units. If you are an employer, please list a job on our new website. No one who has served our country should behomeless and in Boston, were doing everything we can to ensure that they wont be. TheMayors Challenge to End VeteransHomelessnesswas announced by First Lady Michelle Obama at the White House on June 4, 2014, as she called on mayors across the nation to make a commitment to ending veteranshomelessnessin their cities by 2015. To date, more than 100 other mayors have joined the challenge. Boston has housed 250 veterans to date this year.The City of Bostons Department of Neighborhood Development, the Boston Public Health Commission, Boston Housing Authority, and Office of Veterans Affairs are joining the effort, along with community leaders in the New England Center forHomelessVeterans and the Pine Street Inn, as well as state and federal partners including the Massachusetts Department of Veterans Services, the U.S. Interagency onHomelessness, and the Veterans Administration.Todays announcement was part of a two-day conference at which participants will begin putting together the technologies and strategies that will help identify veterans, reach out to them, and connect them to supports, housing and employment.With our partners, we will identify everyhomelessvet in the city and assess their individual needs, Mayor Walsh said. Achieving a stable housing situation is about more than finding affordable rent. It requires wrap-around services that can include substance abuse treatment mental and physical healthcare education, training, and jobs. We have the right partners in place to make these connections. And we will draw on the mentorship of veterans who have been through these struggles before. But if we are truly to make veteranshomelessnessa thing of the past, we need the entire city pulling together.Donations are also being accepted through the Massachusetts Housing and Shelter alliance for a fund that helps veterans pay for move in costs, furniture and other basic household items once they move in. Donors can find the link for donations atwww.mhsa.net.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the Office of Finance and Budget, in conjunction with the Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT), has launched Open Budget to assist the publics interaction and understanding of the City of Boston budget. The web-based application, located atbudget.data.cityofboston.gov, allows users to explore the Citys budget data, identify city priorities, follow trends, and track capital projects in their neighborhoods.Im committed to transparency and accessibility in my administration, and we continue to look for ways to expand what data is available to the public and how to improve its public interface, said Mayor Walsh. The city budget drives the scope of the work the city is doing, so its important that the public can have the opportunity to dive into it, and understand how were using the budget to make government work for them.Open Budget allows users to sort the FY15 $1.88 billion capital budget and $2.73 billion operating budget for each cabinet into a list or bar graph. Each cabinet budget can be further expanded to view planned expenditures for each associated department, as well as viewing each departments historical operating budget information. The bar graph feature allows users to visualize how the budget is being proportionally allocated, in addition to providing a simple, easy to understand, click through platform. An interactive map enables users to delve deeper into many of the specific projects planned in their neighborhoods.Open Budget adds to the suite of open data and financial tools available to the public, such as theCity of Boston Open Checkbook, which allows the public to view the list of vendors the city is working with and total vendor expenditures, and theCity of Boston Open Data Portal.
The Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment has extended the deadline for Poet Laureate applications. The new deadline for applications is Wednesday, July 16, at 5:00 p.m.In April, Mayor Martin J. Walsh launched the search for Bostons next Poet Laureate and assembled a diverse and distinguished search committee. The 2014 Poet Laureate Search Committee is comprised of nine individuals who contribute in significant ways to City of Boston poetry and literature, and reflect a variety of writing traditions, life experiences, and backgrounds.The Citys Poet Laureate is tasked with raising the status of poetry in the everyday consciousness of Bostonians, acting as an advocate for poetry, language and the arts, and creating a unique artistic legacy through public readings and civic events. The citys poet laureate program was established in 2008 to highlight literary arts in Boston and to promote appreciation of poetry to its residents. The Poet Laureate is a ceremonial appointment.The application can be found on the City of Bostons website:https://www.cityofboston.gov/arts.For further information, call 617-635-1238 or visitwww.cityofboston.gov/arts
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston ArtCommission announced that local artist Adam ODay was chosen as the winner of the Portrait of a Citycompetition, which challenged artists tosubmitwork that captured the spirit of contemporary life in Boston.Arts and culture has always been one of my administrations top priorities, said Mayor Walsh. The purpose of this competition is to highlight and showcase the work of local artists, and all of their creations were great. These artists are making theCitya vibrant and lively place to live.""We had incredible submissions and great engagementthroughoutthe Portrait of City competition. In his winning piece,Transit, Adam O'Day's bright cityscapecelebrates the vitality of contemporary life in Boston, said Karin Goodfellow, Director of the Boston ArtCommission.We are truly excited that the Mayor will be representing the City of Boston to visiting dignitaries with an artwork by a local artist.""Adam O'Daygraduated with a degree in Illustration and Graphic Design from the Art Institute of Boston at Lesley Universityin 2005.Since then, Adam has pursued his art full time,participatingin over 100 art shows. In 2008, ODay worked as an engineer and designer for the Navy. Impressionism and Expressionismare important influences in his artwork. He is currently working on writing and illustrating his own childrens book,HermanWormanLearns a Lesson,and is illustratingQuint and the Dreamers,another childrens text written by Anne Brensley.From the many dozens of submissions received from Boston area artists, ODay was selected as one of five semi-finalists by the Boston Art Commission and the Mayors Office in early May 2014. The public was then invited to vote on a winning work of art from the semi-finalists.Thirty printed and framed prints ofTransit,ODays vibrant painting depicting the cityscape as seen from Bostons Back Bay station,will be purchased by the Mayors Office. They will begiven as gifts to visiting diplomats and distinguished guests,servingas a testament to the great store of creative talent found in Boston."
I applaud Speaker DeLeo for his tireless work over the last year to produce sensible gun legislation that will make a lasting and meaningful impact on the Commonwealth. While Massachusetts has some of the strongest gun violence prevention laws in the nation, I stand with the Speaker in knowing that more action is needed. In 2013, 46% of all traceable crime guns recovered in the City of Boston originated from Massachusetts, and of those guns, 37% are making their way from a legal gun owner or dealer to a criminal in 3 years or less. These numbers show that we can and must do better for the people of Boston and the Commonwealth. As this bill moves through the House Committee on Ways & Means, I urge my partners in the House of Representatives and Senate to act favorably on this legislation as it is an integral part in our shared efforts to combat gun violence.
Both programs use a human-powered bicycle with an attached trailer to make their services mobile, and will be pedaling through Bostons neighborhoods this summer.The Bibliocycle and Storymobile are innovative ways to reimagine libraries, and promote reading and learning across all generations, said Mayor Walsh. These services will keep kids reading through the summer and help to prevent summertime learning loss, while expanding library accessibility for adults.Boston Public Librarys BibliocycleThe Bibliocycle is a partnership between the Boston Public Library (BPL) and Boston Bikes that will enable the library to take its free offerings to the streets in a friendly, active way. Features of the Bibliocycle program include library card sign up, book checkout, demonstrations of BPLs digital resources, and help with reference questions. The mobile collection of up to 50 books includes new releases, bestsellers, cooking, gardening, picture books, and bike repair titles. The checkout limit is 10 items per person.The Bibliocycle will travel to markets, fairs, and neighborhood events throughout the summer and fall to serve city residents, and the complete schedule can be found atbpl.org/community. On select dates, Boston Bikes team members will accompany librarians in order to provide bike and healthy living tips.The Bibliocycle team is not equipped to handle fines and book returns, and patrons will need to visit one of BPLs manybrick-and-mortar locationsto complete that type of transaction.ReadBostons StorymobileAn annual summer treat for children in the city, the Storymobile aims to inspire a love for literacy at an early age. Children can enjoy storytelling at its finest, with books brought to life through tales and song. At the end of each session, every child receives a free, new book to take home.ReadBoston Storymobiles will roll through the citys neighborhoods weekdays from Monday, July 7, throughFriday, August 15, to offer children in Boston a free and fun adventure at 78 sites each week. The Storymobile is a visual reminder that learning can happen anywhere, not just in the classroom. The program, which is most appropriate for children ages 3-8, is open to the public with convenient locations all over the city. No sign-up or registration is necessary.For the latest updates on ReadBoston, visit their Facebook page at:www.facebook.com/ReadBoston. For questions about the program, please call617-918-5286.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that the traditional City of Boston programming planned for Independence Day has been revised and condensed. These changes follow the severe weather forecast for the Boston area tomorrow, Friday, July 4, 2014.The flag raising and Independence Day Parade are cancelled, and all other planned Independence Day programming will be held at Faneuil Hall.The revised Faneuil Hall program will begin at 10:00 a.m. (doors open at 9:00 a.m.), and will include:The Independence Day oration has been held at Faneuil Hall since 1783.
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that the City of Bostons Office of Jobs and Community Services (JCS) will provide over $7 million in grants in support of workforce training, education, ESOL programs, adult literacy, and social services in the new fiscal year, which begins today.The grant awards will create positive opportunities for thousands of adults and youth across the city that might not otherwise have access to such supportive programming. Community organizations will work with 2,000 adults to reduce barriers to their employment by addressing issues such as housing instability, low literacy, domestic violence, substance abuse, and CORI problems. An additional 450 adults will be able to receive occupational skills training and job placement assistance.The funding will also help 700 youth pursue a high school diploma or GED and engage in activities to prepare for post-secondary education and careers. The goal is to help youth explore targeted careers in industries such as health, construction, child care, marine trades, and hospitality.With dozens of community members on hand at this mornings announcement at the Boston Chinatown Neighborhood Center, which will use the funding for after-school academics, Mayor Walsh commented on the impact of the work. By leveraging these grants in a coordinated way that reaches people in the community, we hope to help close the opportunity gap that exists in Boston. Were a city that consistently achieves at the highest of levels, but we cannot afford to be satisfied until all of our residents have a chance to create a good life for themselves and their families.Funding comes from a variety of local, state, and federal sources, including the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG), Neighborhood Jobs Trust (NJT), Workforce Investment Act (WIA), the Citys Alternative Education Initiative (AEI), and the Massachusetts Department of Elementary & Secondary Education (DESE).Sixty-eight organizations throughout the City will benefit from $2.3 million in CDBG funding to support programs that help adults learn English, improve literacy skills, overcome homelessness, and connect to employment. After-school programs with a strong academic focus will also receive funding.""Without the Walk to Work program and CDBG funding , I do not think I would have realized my dream or succeeded and accomplished most of the things I have done, said Natasha Similien of the Fenway CDC, a grant recipient. I strongly feel it is essential to continue funding programs that promote family stability and economic self-sufficiency through job readiness, life coaching, training, education, and help in accessing community resources such as housing, fuel assistance, childcare, food stamps and other referrals.Boston Chinatown Neighborhood Center and other community-based organizations have leveraged CDBG funds to serve the most vulnerable among us, said Giles Li, Executive Director of the Center. In Chinatown, we have invested this funding in school-age programming, to ensure they have every opportunity to embrace diversity, learn to love reading, and develop the skills they need to succeed.JCS, on behalf of The Neighborhood Jobs Trust (NJT), issued a Request for Proposals in June for adult job training and ESOL programs. Approximately $1.5 million will be available to fund 10 to 15 training and ESOL programs across the city.Approximately $1.8 million in WIA and AEI funds will be used to assist 14 organizations that provide summer and year-round career exploration and education programs for young people, as well as alternative education programs.WIA funding will go to local Career Centers and training providers for workforce training. DESE funding will be provided to 8 local programs for adult basic education services. Over $2 million is allocated for these services."
Mayor Walsh announced today that his first Civic Academy class will be held onSaturday, July 12, from11:00AM to 2:00PMat District Hall in South Boston.Mayor Walshs Civic Academiesis a new program, focused on cultivating civic leaders throughout Boston neighborhoods.I want residents from every corner of Boston to share a sense of ownership and civic engagement, said Mayor Walsh. Were setting up these Civic Academies in hopes of coming together to learn more about ways to interact effectively with local government.Main Goals of Mayor Walshs Civic Academies:The first session will be presented by social media experts Lindsay Crudele, Community and Social Technology Strategist with the City of Bostons Department of Innovation & Technology, and Charles McEnerney, Principal at Layers Marketing. They will present best practices and helpful tips regarding ways Boston residents can be civically engaged through technology and social media platforms.The survey to gauge public interests aroundMayor Walshs Civic Academiesis still open. For more information, visit:http://www.cityofboston.gov/mayor/.
Text of Proclamation:WhereasWhen I took office, I pledged to listen, learn and lead, and through social media, were able to advance that mission and create a more participatory city government and,WhereasThrough firsthand embrace of digital engagement channels, were engaging more constituents in new ways, from regular Twitter chats to a Reddit AMA and more andWhereasSupported by its Department of Innovation & Technology, the City of Boston offers an ever-growing menu of participatory digital media channels and,WhereasSocial media allows us to create data-driven engagement strategies to deliver services and learn more about how to serve smarter and faster and,WhereasSocial media offers new storytelling tools that increase transparency, and listening tools that allow us to be more responsive and,WhereasWhich builds communities and creates a participatory digital government that improves life on a daily basis and makes us more resilient through crises,Therefore,I, Martin J. Walsh, Mayor of the City of Boston, do hereby declare Monday June 30th, 2014 asSocial Media Dayand I urge you to join us in conversation, participation, and innovation as we use social technology to help build a better Boston.City of Boston Social Media Directory
Last week, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the winning projects of the Youth Lead the Change, participatory budget initiative. Young people from across the City were instructed, by the Mayors Youth Council and other supportive partners, how to create guidelines from the voting process, and develop a ballot, which included 14 projects.Voting polls were stationed at local train stations, youth centers, and school buildings slated for a city-wide vote, and youth determined how to spend $1 million of Boston's capital budget. Over 1,500 eligible votes came in from Boston residents between the ages of 12 and 25.I was extremely impressed by the projects that made it onto the ballot, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. The winning projects will make positive and meaningful change in the lives of Boston residents throughout the City. The City budget is not taken lightly, and these young people were dedicated and passionate, becoming a driving force in the way our community process is run. This is only the beginning, and I look forward to seeing all of the great things our young Boston leaders have lined up for the future.Voters were able to select up to four projects on the ballot. Projects were divided into the following categories:This process engaged youth throughout the City to develop proposals that will offer great benefits to communities across Boston, said Chief of Health and Human Services, Felix Arroyo. The voices of our youth were heard, and I am really excited to see more change agents get involved with Youth Lead the Change.Youth Lead the Change is a community process making way for a new form of democracy that young people can take part in, celebrate, and see real change as the result, said Shari Davis, Executive Director of Youth Engagement and Employment.The winning projects included:Franklin Park Playground and Picnic Area UpgradeThis project will include infrastructure upgrades and repairs to the American Legion Picnic Grove playground to better serve children with disabilities. Renovations will include the following: 1) installation of exercise equipment for park goers of all ages (pending community and landmark approvals), 2) swings, modern slides, monkey bars, a jungle gym and go-green exercise equipment, 3) benches positioned closer to play area parents will be able to monitor children, and 4) the resurfacing of playground foundation softer grounds for safety precaution purposes.Boston Art WallsDesignated Free Wall Space will be provided for local graffiti writers and other visual artists to showcase their artwork. Volunteers and local youth organizations will help designate additional free wall spaces, as well as provide ongoing maintenance.Chromebooks for High Schools in East Boston, South Boston, and CharlestownThe students of East Boston High School, Charlestown High School, and Excel High School will receive approximately 30 Chromebook laptops. This will enhance student performance by providing them with the latest technology, allowing them to easily acquire information for academic assignments.Skate Park Feasibility StudyA feasibility study will be conducted in the Dorchester, South Boston, and East Boston neighborhoods to explore the most sustainable methods of design and ongoing care for implementation of a skate board park.Security Cameras for Dr. Loesch Family ParkDr. Loesch Family Park and surrounding premises will receive 15 to 20 surveillance cameras to increase security and protection within the community.Paris Street Playground Extreme MakeoverParis Street Playground will receive additional, new creative water features, as well as USB park benches and handicap accessible infrastructures.New Sidewalks for New ParksBostons newly-renovated Howes Playground and Mount Pleasant Park will receive sidewalk and lighting improvements around the perimeter of both locations.Youth Lead the Change will launch its second year in September with a call for steering committee members. To learn more about Youth Lead the Change, visitwww.bostonyouthzone.comor contact the Department of Youth Engagement and Employment at 617-635-4202. To see a full listing of all the proposed projects, visit boston.citizinvestor.com. To learn more about the launch of this initiative, visithttp://www.cityofboston.gov/news/default.aspx?id=10667.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh and several of his cabinet and department heads highlighted the cross-departmental measures the City of Boston is taking to keep residents and visitors safe this summer. From targeted police presence to proper grill and fire work safety, cooling centers for beating the heat and activities in Boston parks and community centers, Mayor Walsh and his team are taking steps to ensure residents have a safe and healthy summer. Visit the City of Bostons website for full program information this summer:www.cityofboston.gov/heat. Police:Fireworks:Outdoor Fires and Grilling:Window Guards:Water and Swimming Safety:Heat Safety:Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Summer Programs:Boston Parks Department Summer Programs:
On June 26, 2014, Mayor Martin J. Walsh, together with Department of Neighborhood Development Director Sheila Dillon and emcee Susan Wornick, attended the 18th annual Boston Main Streets Awards. At the event, he presented awards to the Boston Main Streets volunteers and businesses of the year, and highlighted significant new funds from the Boston Main Streets Foundation. The ceremony, which took place at the historic Strand Theatre in Dorchester, featured entertainment by the Fiddle Head Theatres cast of Aida.This event is special because we get to honor the people in the neighborhoods who are making our Main Streets districts vibrant and welcoming places to shop and do business. This year, we are going to introduce even more new partnerships, technology and services to help our small businesses thrive, grow, and adapt in this changing economy, said Mayor Walsh. Investment in Main Streets is investment in the lifeblood of our city  it preserves and protects our neighborhood commercial centers, supports new businesses, and creates new jobs.At the event, Mayor Walsh also congratulated the Boston Main Streets Foundation for its successful fundraising on behalf of the districts. In response to a challenge from Mayor Walsh, the Foundation has raised $350,000 to date and is on track to meet its goal of $500,000 by the fall.The Foundation, which provides financial and strategic support to the Boston Main Streets program, provides additional funding to the Main Streets in the form of competitive Innovation & Impact Grants. These grants, launched last year, provides up to $5,000 for proposals that provide new or enhanced programming, services, or partnership opportunities that benefit Main Streets commercial districts and small businesses. In the programs inaugural year, the Foundation awarded $72,000 in 16 Innovation & Impact Grants to local Main Streets districts.In the current funding round, Sklar announced, the Foundation will provide eight new grants to Main Streets districts, totaling $40,000. Winners include:Bowdoin Geneva Main Streets  to create an expanded business directory that will be distributed to the residents as well as all the merchants, event attendees, and surrounding areas to bring shoppers into the district and to hire a consultant to assist all Bowdoin Geneva businesses with setting up a Facebook page.Brighton Main Streets  to restore Brightons Brighton Bulls public art, offering the district the opportunity to reintroduce the project to the community, redesign their logo, and overhaul their web site. Dudley Square Main Streets  to ESL Classes for twelve immigrant businesses. The curriculum is geared toward English that will help merchants with expanding their customer base to more English speaking customers and serving their existing customers better.Hyde Jackson Square Main Streets  to develop an Open for Business during Construction pilot project to research, design, implement, test and analyze a plan to reduce the negative impacts of a 12  16 month street construction project by Boston Water & Sewer Commission and National Grid. Hyde Park Main Streets  to redesign and re-establishing their Farmers Market after a one year hiatus. The funds will be used to hire a part-time market manager for the season and for overhead costs  banners, a tent, a cart to move equipment from the office to the market site, and marketing materials.JP Center South Main Streets  to create the Centre/South News Program, Whats Up JP? a 24/7, 365 days per year news and event program. JPCS will install television monitors in 2 -3 identified prominent storefront locations.  Mission Hill Main Streets  to update their headquarters by creating a tromp loeil vintage storefront design on the building faade to complement the abutting buildings and enhance the appearance of the streetscape.Washington Gateway Main Street  to create The Listener History, a data visualization method that will serve as a catalyst for interaction between people and provides the ability to affect the built environment.Foundation president Joel Sklar said, The Boston Main Streets Foundation is thrilled to award this latest round of Innovation & Impact grants. With this round, the BMSF will have provided a total of 24 grants, totaling more than $110,000, to local Main Streets districts. We are proud to be a partner in supporting Boston Main Streets, and glad that these funds will empower Main Streets organizations to produce exciting new outcomes in our neighborhoods.In addition to the Foundation awards, Mayor Walsh also presented awards to Main Streets businesses and volunteers of the year. From among the hundreds of Main Streets volunteers who gave more than 26,000 hours of time in 2013, each district chose one volunteer to honor as Volunteer of the Year. This years Outstanding Volunteers are:In his remarks to awardees, Mayor Walsh referred to Bostons small businesses as the back bone of our commercial districts, providing products and services important to the people who live and work in the neighborhoods. Each Main Streets district has chosen one business to honor as Business of the Year. The 2013 Outstanding Businesses include:About Boston Main StreetsThe Boston Main Streets initiative was created in 1995, as the first urban, multi-district Main Streets program in the nation, with the goal of establishing thriving commercial districts throughout the city. Named by the Pew Partnership for Civic Change as one of 19 Solutions for America, Boston Main Streets continues to empower individuals in both the small business sector and residents to have a direct role in the economic health, physical appearance, and development of their own community. Today, Boston Main Streets provides funding and technical assistance to 20 neighborhood-based Main Streets districts throughout the City of Boston and has served as a national model to urban areas seeking to revitalize neighborhood commercial districts including Baltimore, Washington, D.C., Milwaukee, Detroit, and New Orleans.About Boston Main Streets FoundationThe mission of the BMSF is to provide financial and strategic support to the Boston Main Streets program and local districts. The Boston Main Streets Foundation raises funds from the private sector and foundations to:
The Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment presentsBollywood Night, an Indian themed dance party taking place on Bostons City Hall Plaza on Friday, June 27, 2014 from 6pm  10pm.In association with GenerationDesi.com andMidnightProductions DJs, the festive event will start off with vibrant cultural dances and Bhangra & folk dances performed by Triveni School of Dance and Mona's Dance Academy. The event will transition into a Bollywood dance party, hosted by Bostons DJ Jay and DJ Mayur, and featuring Bollywood and Bhangra remixes.The event is open and free to the public. Boston City Hall Plaza is accessible by public transportation, and theMBTAoffers an online trip planner to assist with directions for subway, local bus, and train:www.mbta.com. For further information call 617-635-3245 or visitwww.cityofboston.gov/arts
Some Boston area parks will be piloting a 21st Century bench upgrade through a partnership with the MIT Media Lab spin-off firm, Changing Environments. Soofa, as the bench is termed, is a solar-powered outdoor charging station that also collects and shares location-based information like air quality and noise level data. The high-tech benches will be deployed in green spaces in Boston over the next week, including in Titus Sparrow Park in the South End, the Boston Common, and the Rose Kennedy Greenway. The Soofa debuted last week at the White House Maker Faire in Washington, D.C., where select innovators and entrepreneurs gathered to encourage robust development of new American ideas.Your cell phone doesnt just make phone calls, why should our benches just be seats? said Mayor Walsh. We are fortunate to have talented entrepreneurs and makers in Boston thinking creatively about sustainability and the next generation of amenities for our residents.The Soofa will provide more seating space and will be able to charge two phones at a time, building on the functionality of the first solar-powered seat by Changing Environments, which was successfully piloted in Boston in 2013 in a partnership between the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics, the MIT Media Lab, and the Rose Kennedy Greenway.Were delighted to continue the Greenway's partnership with New Urban Mechanics and the MIT Media Lab, said Jesse Brackenbury, Executive Director of the Rose Kennedy Greenway Conservancy. The Soofa will allow visitors and their phones to enjoy the sun on the Greenway.The City of Boston is asking residents to recommend one additional City of Boston park to install the Soofa. Residents are encouraged to go online and recommend a location atbit.ly/bosbenchor tweet the location to @newurbanmechs by July 11.In addition, the designers at Changing Environments are asking Bostonians to submit ideas for names of the Soofas in each park by July 11 through Twitter to @mysoofa or via the website, soofa.co. The winners will be invited to visit designers at the MIT Media Lab and see where it all started.Soofa is the first step into Smart Urban Furniture. The possibilities to update the city for the mobile generation are endless and long overdue, said Sandra Richter, Co-founder and CEO of the young startup. So are more female-lead startups which is why we hope to be a roll-model for women all over the world to found cool companies like Nan Zhao, Jutta Friedrichs and I did.Soofas are also being piloted at Babson College and at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.About Changing Environments, Inc.Changing Environments Inc. is a Verizon Innovation Program partner and uses Verizons 4G LTE network to connect its benches wirelessly to the internet and upload location-based environmental information. The first units in Boston will be funded by Cisco Systems, a leader in development of smart city solutions, at no cost to the City.About the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics Streetscape LabFollowing on the tails of the Public Space Invitational, the partnership with Soofa is another project of the Streetscape Lab of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, which is exploring how to make Boston's public spaces greener, smarter, and more awesome.
The Boston Transportation Department announced today that Bostons municipal parking lots, which provide off-street parking for customers of local businesses and neighborhood residents, are being renovated this summer. Three of the lots are undergoing extensive renovations. This includes the Dudley Square lot which, upon completion, will be Bostons first muni lot outfitted with environmentally friendly structural components. Several other municipal parking lots throughout the City will receive new asphalt pavement and fresh thermoplastic pavement markings.Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh said, Municipal parking lots are assets in Bostons neighborhoods. They help to ease the parking crunch for both residents and the customers of local businesses. Im pleased that BTD is working to ensure that these lots are maintained in peak condition so that they enhance the environment of the surrounding community and continue to serve the parking needs of our neighborhoods.The three parking lots being reconstructed and the scheduled improvements are as follows.#30 Ruggles Street, Dudley Square, Roxbury  Provides 77 parking spaces#44 Warren Street, Roxbury  Provides 25 parking spaces#1891 Centre Street in West Roxbury  Provides 17 parking spacesMunicipal parking lots that are receiving new pavement and fresh thermoplastic pavement markings this summer are located in Dorchester, Jamaica Plain and West Roxbury. Renovations to all of the municipal parking lots are completed on a rotating basis. Several lots are renovated each year.The City of Boston owns, manages and maintains 32 municipal parking lots in neighborhoods throughout the City. In total, they supply 1,373 parking spaces to supplement the on-street parking spaces that are available each day to Boston drivers. Short-term parking is available Monday through Saturday, 8 AM to 6 PM, while residents and visitors may park without time constraints evenings and all day on Sundays.Ensuring that our parking lots are clean, functional and aesthetically pleasing is a commitment that we make to Bostons neighborhoods, said BTD Interim Commissioner James E. Gillooly. We are pleased to have the opportunity this summer to make these improvements and we hope that Bostons municipal parking lots continue to be a positive element of the Citys neighborhoods.
Have World Cup Fever? The annual Boston Neighborhood Soccer League (BNSL) is back and looking for teams! This five week 6 v 6 league offers young soccer players, ages 8-14, the opportunity to compete against each other and develop their skills. The program divisions include co-ed 8-10, Boys 12 and under, Girls 12 and under, Boys 14 and under and Girls 14 and under.Organized by Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) and sponsored by Comcast with support from the US Soccer Foundation, the league plays at Millennium Park in West Roxbury on Monday through Thursday evenings with games at 5:45 and 6:45 p.m. Each team plays two nights a week. Teams only can register and pre-registration is required. The registration form can be found on the Recreation Page of the BCYF website at http://www.cityofboston.gov/BCYF. For more information contact Cheryl.Brown@Boston.gov, or call 617-635-5206 x102.The league will run from Monday, July 14ththrough Thursday, August 14thfollowed by playoffs.
I am extremely disappointed in theSupreme Court ruling today to overturn the buffer zone around health care facilities that provide abortion care. This law was passed with the support of law enforcement who wanted a strong mechanism for ensuring public safety and protecting the safety of health center patients and staff.A womanseeking reproductive health care should not be harassed, judged or shamed. The buffer zone allows protection from this harassment while also still allowing protesters to exercise their first amendment rights. As Mayor, I will do everything in my power to ensure the safety of the women seeking care and the staff that work at these facilities. Planned Parenthood and every woman in this city has my support and I will work tirelessly to ensure their protection.
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that Jascha Franklin-Hodge will serve as the Citys new Chief Information Officer. Franklin-Hodge will lead the Citys efforts to enhance online service delivery, empower City employees with effective digital tools, and improve access to technology and the Internet for all Boston neighborhoods.Franklin-Hodge brings more than 15 years of information technology experience in the corporate, nonprofit, and political sectors to his new role overseeing the Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT).Franklin-Hodge will begin his service to the City of Boston onJuly 28, replacing current Interim Chief Information Officer Justin Holmes. Holmes has served the City of Boston for nearly five years. He will work with Franklin-Hodge to ensure a smooth leadership transition over the next month.Jascha Franklin-Hodge will be a vital addition to our Citys leadership team, following the exceptional work of Justin Holmes, said Mayor Walsh. Jascha has directed large, high-profile technology operations, and I know he comes well-equipped to help Boston continue its leadership as a world-class tech city.We can use technology to make it easier for Bostonians to do business with the City and to empower city employees to provide great service, said Franklin-Hodge. Access to the internet and technical skills can enhance educational and economic opportunity, and Mayor Walsh and I share a vision for a more connected Boston.Franklin-Hodge co-founded Blue State Digital (BSD) in 2004 and currently runs BSDs Boston technology office. He oversaw the development and operation of the BSD Tools, an online fundraising, email, and CRM platform that powered the digital presence of President Barack Obamas 2008 and 2012 campaigns. The platform has processed $1.6B in online donations and delivered more than 24 billion emails on behalf of over 500 clients. Current and past clients include: One Fund Boston the Democratic National Committee Partners in Health Google the NAACP, SEIU the current presidents of France, Brazil, and Mexico Senators Kennedy, Kerry, Markey, Warren and the campaigns of more than 50 other members of Congress.Prior to founding Blue State Digital, Franklin-Hodge worked on Howard Dean's groundbreaking 2004 presidential campaign, where he led the technology team responsible for scaling, securing, and maintaining a high visibility, high traffic website that received praise from both the political and tech communities for its usability, reliability, and depth of functionality.Since 2009, Franklin-Hodge has served as an advisor to Code for America, a nonprofit which connects technologists with cities to help government solve civic challenges and encourages innovation in government technology.Previously, Franklin-Hodge was the director of software development for AOL's Digital Music Division, and has worked for the Art Technology Group and Software Tool and Die, and has consulted for the Computer Museum, the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, and the Nieman Foundation for Journalism at Harvard University.Franklin-Hodge studied computer science at MIT and lives in South Boston.
"From Anti Human Trafficking Initiatives to Efforts to Combat Substance Abuse, Mayor Walsh joined White House Officials and Mayors fromall over the Nation to Address Critical Issues Facing the City of Boston and the Northern RegionBOSTONMayor Martin J. Walsh joined 1,300 mayors from across the country at the United States Conference of Mayors (USCM) Annual Meeting in Dallas, at which all of his resolutions  urging the White House and Congress to pass legislation and create national taskforces for gun safety, anti-human trafficking efforts, and substance abuse prevention  were unanimously passed by the Standing Committee.This is about forging strong alliances across this country every neighborhood, every race and religion, every woman, man, and child  were all in this together, said Mayor Walsh. Collaboration at a regional, national, and even global scale is a central component of my administrations agenda. This is how we approach serious issues impacting the City of Boston and surrounding communities and become transformative leaders.While at the conference, Mayor Walsh attended sessions on educational excellence, criminal and social justice, early childhood education, employment, community development and housing, travel and tourism priorities, and minority business development.Background Checks for All Gun SalesMayor Walsh requested USCM urge passage of important public safety legislation in Congress which would require a background check for every gun sale, and which would also increase the reporting of mental health and other relevant records into the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) database.Currently, a loophole in federal law allows criminals, domestic abusers, and the severely mentally ill to avoid background checks by buying firearms from unlicensed private sellers""  often at gun shows or through anonymous online transactions  who are not required by federal law to conduct them. An estimated 6.6 million guns are transferred each year by unlicensed ""private sellers"" who are not required to conduct background checks under federal law.Support for this resolution was garnered from nine mayors, including: Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore, MD Rahm Emanuel of Chicago, IL Pedro Segarra of Hartford, CT Bill de Blasio of New York City, NY Michael Brennan of Portland, ME Angel Taveras of Providence, RI Francis Slay of St. Louis, MO Ed Murray of Seattle, WA and Jonathan Rothschild of Tucson, AZ.Comprehensive Demand Enforcement and Prevention to Combat Human TraffickingMayor Walsh and Mayor Michael Hancock of Denver, CO, called on USCM to urge Congress to swiftly pass the bipartisan Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act (S. 1738/H.R. 3530), and work with the Obama Administration and Congress to combat commercial sexual exploitation of vulnerable children and adults, and mitigate the associated public safety, economic, and health risks to the nations cities.Mayors Walsh and Hancock further advocated demand reduction as a key prevention strategy in the Federal Strategic Action Plan on Services for Victims of Trafficking, and that all anti-trafficking strategies are survivor-informed and comprehensive, holding sex buyers and pimps accountable, while providing exit strategies and options for prostituted individuals.Both Mayors suggested that training and resources be available to local governments and the criminal justice system to stop and deter sex buyers through arrest and prosecution, fines, fees, and penalty assessments that match the severity of the crime, and programs to change sex buyers behavior long-term (such as so-called john schools) through federal and state law and city ordinances. They encouraged the USCM to support research projects evaluating the effectiveness of demand-related programs and activities.National Task Force on Addiction Recovery ServicesMayor Walsh advocated for access to detox services, transitional programs, and safe sober housing to meet the increasingly high demand for services, as there are not enough preventative addiction education services for young people. Currently, the tragic effects of drug and alcohol addiction are negatively impacting residents in cities and towns across the country and individuals struggling with addiction often experience homelessness, or incarceration for crimes related to their addiction.Mayor Walsh requested that USCM recommend that the White House convene a National Task Force comprised of: representatives from relevant federal agencies including ONDCP, SAMHSA, CDC, FDA, and DEA Mayors relevant state officials community-based professionals and experts in the recovery field foundations universities and people in recovery. The Task Force will identify the gaps in recovery services, examine and share best practices, and make recommendations for action at the federal, state and local levels for the provision of prevention, treatment, social supports, and long-term care needed to keep residents in recovery from addiction healthy. Saving Lives through Overdose PreventionMayor Walsh and Mayor Ralph Becker of Salt Lake City, UT, advocated for all first responders across the nation to be equipped with naloxone. Death from opioid overdose is preventable through the use of naloxone, a medication that reverses the respiratory depression that causes death from overdose.Mayors Walsh and Becker sought an expansion of education efforts to raise national awareness from the USCM. Both mayors requested that the USCM support the continued establishment of emergency Good Samaritan policies to encourage individuals to call 911 in the case of an overdose, without fear of prosecution. Establishing emergency Good Samaritan laws to protect people who call 911 from prosecution would increase timely medical attention to overdose victims. Eighteen states and the District of Columbia have enacted Good Samaritan laws and the National Drug Control Strategy acknowledges that drug problems are most effectively handled at the community level and the strategy emphasizes the importance of local, community-based efforts."
The Board of Election Commissioners for the City of Boston advises Dorchester and Roxbury residents in Wards 13, 14, 15 and 16 that the Annual Listing teams will begin working in their neighborhoods on Monday, June 23, and will continue in those areas until mid-July.   The Election Department is required by Massachusetts law to conduct the annual listing (sometimes known as the City Census). The information compiled in the listing process serves to preserve the integrity of the voting list, as well as provides the basis for the jury list submitted to the Commonwealth each year. The information also updates important demographic information regarding the Citys population.All Election Department listers will work in teams, and will be clearly identifiable by their distinctive orange mesh vests. Each team member will also wear a photo identification badge issued by the City of Boston. The listers will be confirming the residency of Bostonians ages 17 and over. The teams will be working from9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., MondaythroughFriday, weather permitting. The listing team members are all Boston residents, primarily college students, and speak a variety of languages including Spanish, Chinese, Vietnamese, Haitian Creole, Cape Verdean, Portuguese and Somali. If residents are not home when the listers visit, a door knocker will be left, providing both a telephone number(617-635-3767) and website information (www.boston.gov/elections) where the resident can update his or her information. If the online option is chosen, please submit a form for each household member, age 17 and older.Residents are urged to update their information using the telephone number or the website before the listing team gets to your neighborhood, or to mail back the listing form. Not only does this save our listers from making a home visit, Boston also saves time and money, and a more accurate listing results.
A new report produced by the Research Division of the Boston Redevelopment Authority (BRA) shows that Boston once again led the nations cities as the top recipient of funding from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) in fiscal year 2013. 47 hospitals, educational institutions, organizations, and companies in Boston received 3,626 awards from NIH last fiscal year, totaling $1.72 billion of investment.Eight institutions in particular, which garnered over $100 million in NIH funding, combined to help ensure that Boston remained a powerhouse in medical research. This list of standouts includes Massachusetts General Hospital, Brigham and Womens Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Childrens Hospital Corporation, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Harvard University School of Public Health, Dana Farber Cancer Institute, and Boston University School of Medicine. Since 1992, Boston has received over $28.7 billion in NIH funding.Im extremely proud of our citys continued success in attracting these very competitive funds over the last two decades, Mayor Martin J. Walsh said. Our ability to achieve year after year is a testament to the incredible mix of talent and resources that Boston possesses.Hospitals in Boston received the vast majority of awards, taking in over $1.1 billion or nearly 65% of the citys total NIH funding in FY13. Academic institutions, which received over $529 million or 30.7% of the funding, were the next leading category of award recipients.Research institutes, non-profits, and for-profit companies took in the remaining share.New York City, which received about $320 million less in NIH funding last fiscal year, ranked second among cities nationally.Seattle, San Diego, and Philadelphia round out the list of the top five cities.A full copy of the report is availableon theBRAs website.The reports release comes as representatives from the newly formed Life Sciences Corridor, which consists of Boston, Cambridge, Quincy, Somerville, and Braintree, arrive in San Diego for the 2014 BIO International Convention. Created in May by Mayors Martin J. Walsh, David Maher, Thomas Koch, Joseph Curtatone, and Joseph C. Sullivan, the partnership is focused on promoting the robust life sciences sector that exists along the MBTAs Red Line, home to over 450 life sciences companies, a highly skilled labor force, and world-renowned medical and academic institutions.Whats even more exciting than any individual accolade is the advantage well be able to harness through the Life Sciences Corridor partnership, Mayor Walsh said. Competition in this sector plays out on a global scale, and we stand a better chance at winning as a region when we work together.In FY13, cities within the Life Sciences Corridor received an impressive amount of NIH funding, with 4,169 awards totaling over $2 billion worth of investment. This figure represents over 85% of NIH funding awarded in Massachusetts during the time.Companies within the Life Sciences Corridor are also able to take advantage of funding opportunities available through theMassachusetts Life Sciences Center, a ten-year, $1 billion investment initiative launched by Governor Deval Patrick in 2008.John Barros, Mayor Walshs Chief of Economic Development, is leading the Boston delegation at this weeks convention in San Diego.Chief Barros will be speaking about the Life Sciences Corridor at an eventon Wednesdaywith conference goers.Along with colleagues from the four neighboring cities that comprise the corridor partnership, the group hopes to attract new business to the greater Boston area, while retaining existing businesses within the region and promoting collaboration among area institutions and companies.Boston hosted the BIO International Convention in 2012 and 2007.
With the start of Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) summer programming set for July 7th, Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Christopher Byner, BCYFs Interim Executive Director, today announced that BCYF will offer FREE weekday summer programs for youth at 13 locations throughout the City. These programs are in addition to the extensive summer opportunities offered at the 35 BCYF community centers and through BCYFs recreation division.It is so important for our young people and their families to stay active and engaged during the summer months, said Mayor Walsh. Im pleased that the City of Boston has a variety of options for youth -- from a strong summer jobs program to activities at BCYF that range in focus from exercise and sports programs to arts and science.This summer BCYF will host 10 free daily drop-in programs for youth ages 8-18 called Summer Fun Stops at locations from Charlestown to West Roxbury. The Fun Stops will run from 12 noon to 6 p.m., Monday through Friday, and will offer a variety of fun and engaging structured activities led by BCYF summer staff. There is no pre-registration, just show up! A short form must be filled out on the first visit. Lunch is available onsite or nearby at all Fun Stops.Activities at the BCYF Fun Stops include: arts and crafts, science projects, group games, sports competitions, and swimming (most locations.)Locations and telephone numbers of the Summer Fun Stops are: BCYF Blackstone Community Center, 50 W. Brookline St., South End, 617-635-5162 BCYF Clougherty Pool @ Doherty Park, Bunker Hill St., Charlestown, 617-635-5174 BCYF Flaherty Pool @ Healy Field, 160 Florence St., Roslindale, 617-635-5181 BCYF Holland Community Center, 85 Olney St., Dorchester, 617-635-5144 BCYF Jackson/Mann Community Center, @ Ringer Park, Gordon St., Allston, 617-635-5153 BCYF Leahy-Holloran Community Center@ Garvey Park, Neponset Ave., Dorchester, 617-635-5150 BCYF Mildred Avenue Community Center, Mildred Ave., Mattapan, 617-635-1328 BCYF Paris Street Community Center, 112 Paris St., East Boston, 617-635-5125 CYF Roche Community Center @ Billings Field, LaGrange St., West Roxbury, 617-635-5066 CYF Tobin Community Center @ Smith Field, Tremont St., Mission Hill, 617-635-5216.Our Fun Stops are interactive, fun and best of all, free! said Christopher Byner. The flexible schedule is convenient for young people who are in summer school or attend a morning program or job and want to participate in an afternoon summer program.Looking for something more sport oriented? BCYF offers three more free daily programs: the BCYF East Boston Summer Recreation and Sports Center and the BCYF Moakley Park and While Stadium Sports Centers. The Sports Centers are available to youth ages 7 to 14 and run throughout the summer from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Youth are invited to attend one of these sports camps to try out a new sport or improve on their existing skills and most of all, have fun while being active! Activities offered differ slightly by location but may include: baseball/softball, tennis, basketball, football, golf and soccer as well as a variety of non-sports recreational activities. The White Stadium Sports Center also offers an academic enrichment program every Monday. Information and an application for the Sports Centers can be found on the Summer Page of the BCYF website, www.cityofboston.gov/bcyf.In addition to these featured free programs, BCYFs community centers offer summer day camps and programs, and the recreation division hosts dozens of recreation programs, tournaments and leagues throughout the summer. For more information, check out the BCYF website.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh, along with Department of Housing and Urban Development Deputy Regional Administrator Kristine Foye and Bostons Department of Neighborhood Development Director Sheila Dillon, announced today that the City of Boston has received an additional $1.2 million to provide permanent and transitional housing for 60 formerly homeless individuals and families. The new award is part of HUDs Continuum of Care program, which awarded $140 million in grants today to nearly 900 homeless assistance programs across the country.My administration is committed to ending chronic homelessness in Boston, and this funding will enable us to provide critical, additional services to this population, Mayor Walsh said. I want to thank the HUD for providing us with these sorely needed and very much appreciated resources.Todays award announcement also includes funding for a new permanent supportive housing project, to be managed by the Pine Street Inn, which will provide housing for 11 chronically homeless individuals, and a planning grant that will help the City coordinate housing and services to homeless individuals and families.Todays grant announcementis the second part of a two-phased award process that has granted more than $23 million to homelessness programs in Boston, in order toprovide housing and services to homeless individuals and families.In April, HUDawarded the City of Boston more than $22.3 millionin the first round of funding for 49 local homeless housing and service programs. This funding ensured that local projects would remain operational, providing critically needed housing and support services to more than 2,000 people and families experiencing homelessness.Today homeless assistance programs in Boston will join the thousands of local programs across the country that are on the front lines ending homelessness as we know it, said Kristine Foye, HUD New England Deputy Regional Administrator.
Mark your calendar and bring your friends and family to a fun and free BCYF Neighborhood Block Party! Every Thursday night in July and August from 5:00 to 7:00 p.m., the BCYF Neighborhood Block Party will offer a variety of activities which, depending on the location, will include an inflatable obstacle course, a DJ, ice cream, an interactive arts activity, an animal petting zoo, resource information tables staffed by our partners and other city agencies, arts & crafts activities, swimming, a cookout and more.This summers schedule is as follows:July 10 BCYF Holland Community Center, 85 Olney Street, DorchesterJuly 17 BCYF Clougherty Pool, Bunker Hill Street, CharlestownJuly 24 BCYF Leahy-Holloran Community Center, 1 Worrell Street, DorchesterJuly 31 BCYF Mildred Avenue Community Center, 5 Mildred Avenue, MattapanAugust 7 BCYF Curtis Hall Community Center, 20 South Street, Jamaica PlainAugust 14 BCYF Tobin Community Center, 1481 Tremont Street, Mission Hill August 21 BCYF Paris Street Community Center, 112 Paris Street, East BostonAll Block Parties  with the exception of the BCYF Clougherty Pool location  are rain or shine. Any updates to the schedule will be posted on the BCYF Facebook page (Facebook.com/BCYFBoston) and on Twitter at @BCYFCenters.
Just in time for summer weather, the City of Bostons two outdoor pools, the BCYF Clougherty Pool in Charlestown and the BCYF Mirabella Pool in the North End are opening this Saturday, June 21stfor the season! The pools are operated by Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. They will remain open seven days a week from 11 a.m. to dusk (around 7 p.m.) until Labor Day.
I am proud that Massachusetts is now one step closer to eliminating the gap between the workplace rights afforded to domestic workers and the rest of our workforce. I applaud the Legislature for working diligently to produce the Massachusetts Domestic Workers Bill of Rights. This will ensure that workers who make all other work possible are protected, respected, and treated with dignity. The labor of our domestic workers has been undervalued for far too long and it is time that we extend to them important labor protections against discrimination, sexual harassment and retaliation. With the advancement of the Domestic Workers Bill of Rights and legislation to increase our minimum wage, this is a good day for the working people of Boston and from every community in Massachusetts.
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh thanked residents and commuters through Charlestown for their patience during extensive road improvement work to Sullivan Square. The Public Works Department(PWD) paved the heavily trafficked roads in Sullivan Square over the course of two weeks, smoothing the roadway to improve safety and transportation access. Additional roadway striping and pedestrian ramp improvements will continue through the summer. The last time that any major resurfacing work was done in the area was more than two decades ago. Roadway infrastructure improvements can be disruptive while theyre underway, but keep our city and economy moving in the long term, said Mayor Walsh. We appreciate the publics patience in allowing the Public Works crews to complete this much needed work in a timely and safe manner.More than two lane miles of road in and around Sullivan Square were paved, including Alford Street, Cambridge Street, Main Street, Mishawum Street, Rutherford Avenue, and West Street. PWD put down 36,000squareyards of asphalt pavement amounting to 3,740 tons of material, and 200 utility manholes and castings were raised or improved to meet the level of the new road.The improvements began with grinding on Tuesday, May 27 and paving was completed on Monday, June 9, one day ahead of schedule. All of the work was done at night and in close coordination with the Boston Police Department, the State Police, the Massachusetts Department of Transportation, and the Alford Street Bridge project. Through the rest of the summer the Sullivan Square area will receive new roadway striping, improved bicycle and pedestrian infrastructure, and new pedestrian ramps, with total investment in the roadways and sidewalks totaling around $900,000. As a thank you to the surrounding community, PWD has put up temporary electronic sign boards expressing thanks to all of the travelers who helped to make the project successful, saying""Bost Pub Works Says - Thank You For Your Patience - Boston Works for You!"""
Mark your calendars, the schedule for the BCYF Fenway Challenge and the BCYF Sox Talk Baseball Clinics is here! Youth ages 7-14 can work on their baseball skills and have the opportunity to win Red Sox tickets and meet Sox players and coaches. These are also great opportunities for camps and programs to enjoy a day in the park.TheBCYF Fenway Challenge, sponsored by the Boston Red Sox,is an opportunity for youth to compete against other youth their own age in baseball skills such as base running, pitching and batting. The participants will be divided into four age groups: 7/8, 9/10, 11/12, and 13/14. At the end of the Challenge, the scores will be tabulated and the top finisher in each age group will win a pair of Red Sox tickets to a game in September where they will be honored on the field before the start of the game. Youth can attend one or all Fenway Challenges but can only win the tickets once. Youth groups and camps are welcome to participate.The BCYF Fenway Challenge starts at 10:30 a.m. on the following dates/locations. No equipment is necessary, BCYF will provide equipment for the day:Thursday, July 17 BCYF Recreation Center at Madison ParkWednesday, July 23  Daisy Field in Jamaica PlainTuesday, August 5 Moakley Park in South BostonWednesday, August 13 Fallon Field in RoslindaleFriday, August 15IaconoPark in Hyde ParkTheBCYF Sox Talk Baseball Clinics, sponsored by the Boston Red Sox and the Boston Police Athletic League, is a series of baseball clinics followed by an appearance by Red Sox players and coaching staff. Young people will have the chance to work on their baseball skills before the players arrive. Once the Sox players and staff arrive, they will join the clinic and work with groups of youth on various skills after which they will answer a few questions. Youth groups and camps are welcome to participate. The clinics will run from 10:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. on the following dates/locations:Wednesday, July 9 Billings Field in West RoxburyWednesday, July 30  East Boston StadiumTuesday, August 19 Garvey Park in DorchesterWednesday, August 20 Ryan Park in CharlestownFor more information about the Fenway Challenge or Sox Talk Baseball Clinic contactWilliam.Sittig@Boston.Govor call him at 617-635-5206 x104. Follow us @BCYFCenters or like us at BCYFBoston for updates and weather cancellations.
The effort is part of a nationwide initiative organized by Welcome.us to gather and share inspirational stories of immigration in America. Welcome.us is a non-profit organization dedicated to celebrating a United States that is fueled by immigrants from around the world. Generations of immigrants from every corner of the world, including my own parents, have made Boston their home. And it is this diversity that make us a unique city, said Mayor Walsh. We are a welcoming city, and I want all our immigrants to know that they dont have to leave their cultures behind to become American in Boston. As part of a month-long celebration honoring the role immigrants continue to play in our city, the Mayors Office of New Bostonians in partnership with Welcome.us and various community organizations are hosting two events to encourage residents to share their inspirational stories. The events schedule is as follows: Immigrant Heritage CelebrationSaturday, June 21, 2014, 12:00 PM- 2:00 PM | Boston Public Library, Central LibraryLaunch of the first-ever Immigrant Heritage Month in the City of Boston. Come for live music, fun activities and enjoy the exhibit City of Neighborhoods: The Changing Face of Boston.Screening of Documented: A Film by an Undocumented AmericanTuesday, June 24, 2014, 6:30 PM - 8:30 PM | Boston Public Library, Central LibrarySpecial one night screening of the critically-acclaimed DOCUMENTED, a biographical film that explores the personal journey of Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist, Jose Antonio Vargas. The film will be followed by a panel and Q&A discussion with writer/director and guests.We are thrilled that elected leaders across the U.S. have recognized the importance of Immigrant Heritage Month, said Tolu Olubunmi, executive director of Welcome.us. America is a great nation with a rich culture because of the unique experiences each of us has had. Immigrant Heritage Month is a time to celebrate that diversity and to honor the experiences that unite us. We are proud to be joined in this effort by Americans from all walks of life including elected officials, celebrities, business leaders and influential social organizations that will help carry our message forward. Throughout the month, the Mayors Office of New Bostonians and Welcome.us are encouraging citizens to share their immigration stories through social media and the Welcome.us website. Residents can help celebrate the month by sharing their stories using the hashtag #welcomeus on social media streams, including: Facebook:www.facebook.com/newbostonians,www.facebook.com/welcomeus Twitter: @NewBostonians, @Welcome_us and YouTube:www.youtube.com/WelcomeIHM.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the launch ofYouth Lead the Change: Participatory Budgeting Bostonto engage Boston residents between the ages of 12 to 25 in deciding how $1 million of Boston's capital budget will be allocated.""The participatory budget program is an opportunity for the City to involve young people and to empower them to have a real, tangible impact on their neighborhoods, said Mayor Walsh. This helps to foster a greater sense of responsibility in their communities, and helps create a climate of ownership and civic-minded engagement. I'm committed to the participatory budget project not just for the impact it has with these capital projects, but the future investments it will bring by making our young people a part of our process.""Young Boston residents submitted potential project ideas, which then were reviewed by community activists and leaders, and city officials to develop formal proposals for the final ballot.Voting begins on June 14 and lasts until June 20.On June 14, the Tobin Community Center will host a Voting Launch Party from 2:00 to 4:00PM, where residents learn more about the ballot proposals. Each voter can choose up to four projects of the 14 that made it on the ballot. The projects that receive the highest number of votes will be implemented.""People really listened and worked with us to get this done. I am going to be able to look back and say that I helped to make these changes in Boston,"" said Sadiya Gurham, a Dorchester Representative on the Mayor's Youth Council.Voting sites are spread across the City of Boston. To learn more visit:tinyurl.com/ylc-fb-voteor contact the Department of Youth Engagement and Employment at617-635-4202.Residents are required to provide some form of identification that verifies their age and residency. To receive regular updates, text PLEDGE to 877877.Primary Voting SitesAdditional Voting Sites"
"The Mayors Office of Art, Tourism, and Special Events, in collaboration with the Strand Theatre and WGBH, are presenting a special preview and discussion of the new American Experience film,Freedom Summer, on Monday, June 23, 2014 from 6:30 pm to 8 pm. Freedom Summer is the third film from acclaimed filmmaker Stanley Nelson whose other work includes,Freedom Riders, Jonestown, andThe Murder of Emmett Till.Im pleased that WGBH has joined the Strand Theatre in featuring such a critical point in our nations civil rights history,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This event will facilitate insightful discussions about these lessons in equality, recognizing how far we have come, and yet how much work we still have ahead.""Freedom Summer is the story of the ten memorable weeks in 1964 when more than 700 student volunteers joined with organizers and local African Americans in a historic effort to shatter the foundations of white supremacy in Mississippi, then one of the nations most segregated states.Following the screening WGBH host Callie Crossley will moderate a discussion with Stanley Nelson and special guests, including:Tickets are free, but an RSVP is required. For more information about this film, visit:https://www.eventbrite.com/e/wgbh-and-the-city-of-boston-present-freedom-summer-tickets-11701961883"
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the Boston Transportation Department (BTD) is installing four parklets in Boston this summer in Roslindale, Jamaica Plain and Allston/Brighton, for the enjoyment of residents and visitors. BTD is also supporting and assisting with the implementation of an additional parklet in Audubon Circle that is being designed, built, and maintained through the efforts of The Parkolation Project, an educational program involving students from the Boston Green Academy.Parklets are a simple and creative way to activate neighborhood centers, encourage community interactions, and create more seasonal outdoor space, said Mayor Walsh. Everyone is welcome in Bostons parklets, whether it is to socialize with neighbors or to relax in the summer sun.The four parklets will be outfitted with tables and chairs and will remain in place into the fall. The locations include:A thorough public process that included several community meetings was undertaken by BTD, in partnership with Boston Main Streets, to garner support for the parklets, and to identify local businesses to act as partners and to perform day to day maintenance of the parklets. Local businesses that have agreed to become parklet partners for BTDs parklets are Fornax Bakery in Roslindale, @Union Caf in Allston Village and Pavement Coffee in Brighton. The City of Boston appreciates the community spirit shown by these parklet partners.Space for each parklet is created by extending a platform and/or seating area into the parking lane of the street in close proximity to the parklet partners business. Parklets utilize an area the size of one to two curbside parking spaces. Kyle Zick Landscape Architects created the Roslindale and Jamaica Plain parklets using cedar planks and metal accent materials. The Allston Village and Brighton parklets, created by Interboro Partners, are being constructed using seven foot long lego type blocks made of durable plastic molds.Id like to thank the community groups that played an active role in helping BTD to bring these innovative and unique outdoor public spaces to Bostons neighborhoods, said Interim Boston Transportation Department Commissioner James E. Gillooly. I would also like to express BTDs gratitude to our parklet partners. Their cooperation is vital to the sustainability of the parklet program.The Audubon Circle parklet will be the first such installation built through The Parkolation Project, an educational program spearheaded by VSA Massachusetts. With technical assistance from the Boston Architectural College and the Copley Wolff Design Group, high school students from the Boston Green Academy have worked all year to design and build the parklet of their dreams. This particular parklet will be outfitted with solar tiles created by MIT students and start-up Sistine Solar. The tiles will power cell phone chargers and lighting on the structure. In addition to the City of Boston, other supporters of this project include parklet partner Mei Mei Restaurant, volunteers from the Harvard Graduate School of Design and Harvard Graduate School of Education, the Boston Foundation, and the Boston Foundation for Architecture.Parklets are public spaces. In cities across the country, they now play an important role in neighborhood placemaking, providing centrally located places in busy urban locations for people to sit and socialize in an attractive, well maintained outdoor living space. They usually are located where narrow sidewalks prevent the establishment of sidewalk cafes. Although they generally are located in areas with moderate to high pedestrian traffic, they also provide a fresh interest in the surrounding area by attracting people to Main Streets Districts. Parklets enliven local streets and generate business activity, and often prove to be an economic benefit to the local area.
Ideas and innovation are at the core of Bostons identity, and supporting the work of entrepreneurs across our neighborhoods is crucial to our citys economy, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. I am pleased to be partnering with the public and private sector to celebrate Boston Idea Week  a program designed to shine a spotlight on the citys vibrant idea economy, and celebrate influencers of change.BIW serves as an umbrella platform to showcase Boston as a hub of innovation and creativity through eight days of collaborative idea sharing, exhibitions, and happenings across the city. Through its vast partner network, BIW encourages idea makers to experiment with new ways of approaching the everyday routine. From unique interactive public exhibitions to innovation symposiums, a pop-up idea lab in a transit station to the grand opening of the expanded headquarters for the worlds largest accelerator, BIW will showcase the citys robust entrepreneurial economy.At MassDOT and the MBTA, we are wholly rethinking how we deliver transportation services to the people of Massachusetts, said Transportation Secretary and CEO Richard A. Davey. Transportation isnt just about moving goods and people  its about creating environments that foster economic growth and opportunity, provide residents with a lifeline to critical services and improve the quality of life for all those who call Massachusetts home. Idea Week gives us a platform to showcase the many ways in which we are changing the face of public transportation.Invested partners involved with BIW share a common desire to further regional growth and development.One of the driving forces of our regional economy is our relentless innovation sector and access to an incredible talent base through our world-class colleges and universities, said Paul Guzzi, president and CEO of the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce. We are excited once again to sponsor Boston Idea Week, a unique partnership between the public and private sectors, which celebrates the success of our innovation economy and fosters closer connections among the entrepreneurs, students, and businesses who are active in this critical area.BIW was made possible by a dedicated group of partners including Above Summit, The City of Boston, CO Everywhere, Careinnovators, Central Wharf CO., Design Museum Boston, Granary Tavern, Gilbane Building Company, Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce, Fundraise.com, Future Boston Alliance, IdeaPaint, MassChallenge, Party by Design, MassDOT, MBTA, MMB, OAI Advisors, ONEin3 Boston. Technology Underwriting Greater Good (TUGG), Samuel Adams, Wayfair &many more.Below is a snap shot of Boston Idea Week programming.Idea Week Kick Off: MassChallenge Ribbon Cutting:Wednesday, June 11, 2014 | 9:30am | Innovation & Design BuildingDont miss the kick off to Boston Idea Week at MassChallenge. Join John Barros, Chief of Economic Development for the City of Boston, and Paul Grogan, President & CEO of The Boston Foundation, to welcome the worlds largest startup acceleratorto their new headquarters. Keys to the accelerators new office will be delivered via drone thanks to Idea Week partner,Above Summit.BostInnos State of Innovation ForumThursday, June 12, 12:00pm | Westin WaterfrontJoin1,500 business leaders and professionals for an afternoon of high-profile main stage speakers, cutting-edge panel discussions, invigorating breakout sessions and incredible networking at BostInnos second annualState of Innovation Forum. Hear from the regions influencers including: Governor Deval Patrick, Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh, Transportation Secretary and CEO Richard A. Davey, and many more.Boston TechJamThursday, June 12, 2:00pm to 9:00pm | City Hall PlazaBoston TechJam is a showcase and accelerator for new ideas and world-class innovations coming out of the Boston region. The event brings together early stage companies, entrepreneurs, students, established enterprises, venture capitalists, and artists to celebrate the regions technology, entrepreneurship and culture. Equal parts idea exchange and celebration, Boston TechJam is an unconventional meeting ground for local innovators, visionaries and up-and-comers.The Idea Bus from Wayfair.com and the MBTAThursday, June 12ththrough Sunday, June 15th| South StationWayfair.comand the MBTA take riders home for Boston Idea Week. Riders can pick up the IdeaBus at South Station.Will the Biotech Bubble Burst?Wednesday, June 18 | District HallGiven the continued upswing of biotech valuation and stocks, many debate whether or not this biotech bubble will eventually burst. Join presenters for an engaging panel featuring three industry experts, as they share their points of view on the future of biotechnology.The Idea LabBrought to You by Gilbane New EnglandTuesday, June 17, through Thursday, June19 | Courthouse MBTA StationSince well before 1776, Boston has been a breeding ground for revolutionary ideas. A revolutionary city must pioneer new concepts, not confirm to status quo. A signature component of Boston Idea Week 2014 will be The Idea Lab.This three-day pop-up idea sharing space will replace the traditional conference space with its unique placement and location.Post Hack Pitch FestThursday, June 19, 6:00 to 9:00pm | TBDHackathons likeHealthcares Grand Hackfestbring talented people together to solve real-world problems in healthcare. But after the hackathon, these nascent teams often struggle to get tothe next step, whether its to keep the team focused, secure pilots with industry customers, or get earlyinvestments. The event is designed to givehackathon teams an opportunity to make progress on their business beforepitching again to industry leaders, investors, and customers.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the creation of the Mayors Office of Womens Advancement, a department which will oversee and coordinate the Mayors initiatives to promote equal rights and equaleconomic, social, political and educationalopportunities for all women and girls throughout Boston. In addition, Mayor Walsh announced the revitalization of the Boston Womens Commission, which will advise the Mayor on issues pertaining to women in Boston and work closely with the Office of Womens Advancement to fulfill its mission of attaining full equity for women in all areas of life.I am thrilled to have the Office of Womens Advancement and the Boston Womens Commission in place to help make Boston Americas premier city for women. I strongly believe that when women succeed, Boston succeeds, said Mayor Walsh. I am particularly excited to have such a diverse and experienced Womens Commission to work with me on this important issue. The equal treatment of the people of Boston impacts all of us - women and men alike - and with the new Commission, we are bringing all these voices to the table.The work of the Office of Womens Advancement will focus on three key areas: understanding and reporting on the status of women and girls in Boston through data and research advancing womens economic equity in partnership with the Boston Womens Workforce Council and promoting womens health and safety. The department will be housed in the Health and Human Services cabinet. The Boston Womens Commission will support this work by providing a permanent, effective voice for women across Boston, and by collaborating with public, private, and non-profit partners on key issue areas significantly affecting women and girls.Megan Costello will serve as the Executive Director of the Office of Womens Advancement, as well as the Chair of the Boston Womens Commission.Women make up 52 percent of Bostons population, so there is a social and economic need to ensure equal opportunities for women in the City, said Costello. For the first time in nearly 20 years, we now have an appointed Boston Womens Commission that will help make women equal participants in Bostons economy and civil society. And with the Mayors Office of Womens Advancement, we now have a vehicle for tangible policy change.The diverse Boston Womens Commission is comprised of female and male leaders in business, academia, the non-profit sector, and civil society. The Commission can have up to 30 members, and the Mayor will seek to make additional appointments later this year. The 19 members appointed to date include:For more information on the Mayors Office of Womens Advancement or the Boston Womens Commission, please visit:www.cityofboston.gov/women.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the creation of the Mayors Office of Womens Advancement, a department which will oversee and coordinate the Mayors initiatives to promote equal rights and equaleconomic, social, political and educationalopportunities for all women and girls throughout Boston. In addition, Mayor Walsh announced the revitalization of the Boston Womens Commission, which will advise the Mayor on issues pertaining to women in Boston and work closely with the Office of Womens Advancement to fulfill its mission of attaining full equity for women in all areas of life.I am thrilled to have the Office of Womens Advancement and the Boston Womens Commission in place to help make Boston Americas premier city for women. I strongly believe that when women succeed, Boston succeeds, said Mayor Walsh. I am particularly excited to have such a diverse and experienced Womens Commission to work with me on this important issue. The equal treatment of the people of Boston impacts all of us - women and men alike - and with the new Commission, we are bringing all these voices to the table.The work of the Office of Womens Advancement will focus on three key areas: understanding and reporting on the status of women and girls in Boston through data and research advancing womens economic equity in partnership with the Boston Womens Workforce Council and promoting womens health and safety. The department will be housed in the Health and Human Services cabinet. The Boston Womens Commission will support this work by providing a permanent, effective voice for women across Boston, and by collaborating with public, private, and non-profit partners on key issue areas significantly affecting women and girls.Megan Costello will serve as the Executive Director of the Office of Womens Advancement, as well as the Chair of the Boston Womens Commission.Women make up 52 percent of Bostons population, so there is a social and economic need to ensure equal opportunities for women in the City, said Costello. For the first time in nearly 20 years, we now have an appointed Boston Womens Commission that will help make women equal participants in Bostons economy and civil society. And with the Mayors Office of Womens Advancement, we now have a vehicle for tangible policy change.The diverse Boston Womens Commission is comprised of female and male leaders in business, academia, the non-profit sector, and civil society. The Commission can have up to 30 members, and the Mayor will seek to make additional appointments later this year. The 19 members appointed to date include:For more information on the Mayors Office of Womens Advancement or the Boston Womens Commission, please visit:www.cityofboston.gov/women.
"Mayor Walsh announced that Hopeline registration will re-open for two days this week for teens ages 15 to 18. Registering through the Hopeline is the first step in the City's youth employment program, led by the Department of Youth Engagement and Employment, to engage youth who may have missed the initial sign-up rounds for Mayor Walshs initial outreach for summer youth employment.""I want all of our young people to have access to a summer job and connect with the Citys summer job resources,"" said Mayor Walsh.Investing in youth and keeping young people engaged during the summer will help us move Boston forward and see our young leaders develop even further.Boston residents with a valid social security number between the ages of 15 to 18 are eligible to register for a summer job atwww.BostonYouthFund.orgfrom9:00 a.m. on Thursday, June 12 through11:59 p.m. on Saturday, June 14. In addition, applicants may sign up in person on Saturday, June 14 between 2:00 and 4:00 p.m. at the Department of Youth and Engagement headquarters located at 1483 Tremont Street, Boston, MA 02120.Youth employees not only have the opportunity to gain work experience, but also have the opportunity to participate in career development training and expand their networks. Shari Davis, Executive Director of the Department of Youth Engagement and Employment, saw firsthand the benefits of the Citys youth employment efforts.""When I was in high school, I landed my first job with the Boston Youth Fund. I learned the value of serving my community, started to understand financial planning, and was able to contribute to my family. Ten years later, I have the privilege of seeing other young people start to think about their careers and gain experience that they will carry through life,"" said Davis.Most teens participating in the Mayors Summer Jobs Program work 25 hours per week for six to seven weeks, and earn $8.00 per hour. Registering on the Hopeline does not guarantee a summer job however, registration is required to secure a position.Employers who can provide a summer job opportunity can visitswww.bostonsummerjobs.orgfor more information. In addition, tax-deductible donations in support of summer job creation for Boston youth can be made and submitted to:City of Boston Summer Jobs ProgramBoston City Hall, Room M35One City Hall SquareBoston, MA 02201"
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and his Office of Neighborhood Services launched a survey to gauge public interests around Mayor Walshs Civic Academies, a new program designed to cultivate civic leaders within Boston communities.Mayor Walshs Civic Academies are currently in their beginning stages, and with the information collected, the City will look to frame the workshops around the interests and concerns of Boston residents. With long-term goals in mind, the Walsh Administration expects the structure of the program to evolve as the needs of residents shift. As we prepare for the development of these Civic Academies, this is an opportunity for residents to share their ideas about how this service will be shaped, said Mayor Walsh. We want local, city government to be accessible to everyone it enables everyone to attend various events organized by our City departments, participate in, and benefit from the positive changes that come along.Main Goals of Mayor Walshs Civic Academies:Provide an outlet for all residents to collaborate with local governmentTo take the survey, please visithttp://www.cityofboston.gov/mayor. For more information, please send a message tocivicacademy@boston.gov.
"Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that he will appoint Chief Joseph E. Finn as the next Commissioner/Chief of the Boston Fire Department. Chief Finn will assume the duties from current Interim Commissioner/Chief John Hasson.""Deputy Chief Finn possesses a broad and impressive understanding of the Boston Fire Department, including personnel, public safety, and administration,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Interim Commissioner/Chief Hasson has shown exceptional leadership and I'm grateful for his service as he passes the torch to Chief Finn. Chief Finn's experience and leadership style, along with his commitment to diversity and fairness, will help move our Fire Department into an even more successful era of service to the people of Boston.""In March 2014, Mayor Walsh announced the selection of FACETS management consulting firm to identify the permanent Commissioner of the Boston Fire Department. FACETS conducted a nationwide search following a multi-phase process, including information gathering, engaging with stakeholders and the community, recruiting and vetting of qualified candidates nationwide, and creating a short list of candidates for selection by Mayor Walsh. The final list of candidates was presented for consideration in early June.Joseph E. Finn has been a member of the Boston Fire Department since October of 1984 and has risen through the ranks of the department. In 2001, he was promoted Deputy Chief of Personnel, responsible for recruitment, selection and hiring, as well as contract enforcement, employee assistance, and discipline. He was named to this post based on the findings of the OToole Commission, and was charged with implementing the Commissions recommendations related to disparity of treatment towards members. He initiated and trained the first team of investigators to examine harassment and discrimination allegations, and trained firefighters to become mediators to achieve conflict resolution among staff.Since 2005, Deputy Chief Finn has served as a Division Commander, in charge of all administrative functions, fire ground operations, hazardous materials, and technical rescue responses in Division One.In his 30 years with the Boston Fire Department, Deputy Chief Finn made significant contributions to the department, including establishing an EMT training program that increased the number of EMTs on the Boston Fire Department by 50 percent, and assisting in the development of state regulations for the use of semi-automatic external defibrillators, and of legislation that made the Fire service a major participant in the delivery of Emergency Medical Services.Deputy Chief Finn has served as a committee member on the Mayors task force for the integration of Boston Emergency Medical Services into the Boston Fire Department, and a committee member for the Massachusetts Human Resource Division in the development and implementation for a new entry-level firefighters test. He has worked on numerous planning committees for high profile events for the department, including the 2004 Democratic National Convention.Deputy Chief Finn holds numerous certifications, including: Massachusetts Continuing Legal Education Inc. in labor law and laws involving discrimination National Incident Management System (NIMS) certified in Incident Command System (ICS) 100, 200, 700, 800 Texas A&M Engineering Extension Service certified in ICS 300,400 and Department of Justice certified for managing terrorist and large-scale incidents. He also holds numerous certificates related to fire service training from OSHA, Homeland Security, and the National Fire Academys extension program.Deputy Chief Finn also served in the United States Marine Corps. from 1979 to 1982. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from Northeastern University in 2008, graduatingmagna cum laude.Deputy Chief Finn will be formally sworn in within the coming weeks."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that nearly 2,000 feet of the painted sections of the historic Freedom Trail in Charlestown, Downtown Crossing, and the North End, are being replaced with a new thermoplastic treatment. The multi-colored strips are being applied with heat and are expected to last up to eight years, improving on the time consuming and inefficient seasonal painting of the non-bricked areas of the historic way.The Freedom Trail is a Boston landmark and its visibility is important for visitors, said Mayor Walsh. As the City enters its peak tourism season, the newly laid pathway will guide our residents and tourists to popular destinations, and also save the City money in future costs associated with the annual painting of the path.Over 4 million people enjoy the Freedom Trail and our great citys historic sites annually, said Freedom Trail Foundation Executive Director Suzanne Taylor. The Department of Public Works new brick-resembling treatment will stand the test of time and help residents and visitors navigate the Freedom Trail to experience each of the Trails 16 sites year-round.The thermoplastic strip is red, white, and blue-gray, approximately 10-inches wide, and will be laid through crosswalks and on the concrete sections of the painted trail throughout Downtown Crossing, Charlestown, and the North End. The bricked areas of the Freedom Trail will not be impacted by the striping project. The Department of Public Works project is being done at a cost of $50,000.The project began at the end of May at Congress Street where it meets City Hall, and will be completed at the end of June (weather permitting). A second expansion of the project will include installing the striping on repaired sidewalk segments.The Freedom Trail is a 2.5-mile path that traces through Downtown Boston, the North End and Charlestown leading to 16 nationally significant sites. The Trail passes by a variety of historic sites, including museums, meeting houses, churches, a ship, historic markers, parks and burying grounds, all telling the story of the American Revolution.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the winners of the Public Space Invitational, a crowd-sourced design competition aimed at re-thinking small public spaces, sidewalks, and Boston City Hall. Nine winners in three categories  including The Streetscape, Random Awesome Designs, and City Hall  were chosen from a pool of 70 submissions. Five honorable mentions were also awarded. These small-budget ways to creatively improve public space and infrastructure will be deployed over the next year, some as early as next month.Boston has a vibrant art, design, and creative community. This competition is a celebration of the Citys immense talent, and the creative communitys interest in improving our city, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Exciting ideas came from every corner of Boston  from top design firms to a group of students from Codman Academy  this truly was an open invitation to make our civic spaces more engaging.The Public Space Invitational is a project of the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics. Proponents were asked to dream of new ways to bring function and wonderment to civic spaces within a budget of $4,500.The winning teams will work to refine their project with the New Urban Mechanics team to receive funding and implementation over the next year. Winning teams were also awarded Green Hoodies to identify winners as Masters of public space design. The concept is based on the PGA Masters Golf Tournament, which gives winners of the golf event a green sports coat.The Portable Reading Room is already fully funded by a contribution from the staffing firm, Robert Half, and will appear on the Rose Kennedy Greenway this summer.This year marks Robert Halfs 50th year of service in Boston and our goal was to commemorate the anniversary with a lasting contribution to the city, said Bill Driscoll, New England District President for Robert Half. The Public Space Invitational seemed like a perfect fit and were proud to sponsor this deserving project that will benefit the city for years to come.A gallery of the winners and all 70 submissions will be up for display in City Hall until early July.PUBLIC SPACE INVITATIONAL WINNERSThe StreetscapeProject Name:Portable Reading RoomProposed by:Leslie Davol, Sam Davol, Eric Howeler, Meejin YoonPortable Reading Room for Boston gives residents an uplifting reason to gather in public space. A great collection of books (and comfortable seating) brings people out and brings out the best in people. Creating a library setting at street level can humanize the urban landscape and make the city feel more intimate.The room will start on the Greenway, where a reading room can be used all season, serving multiple neighborhoods and partnering with the Boston Public Library, Simmons Graduate School of Library and Information Science, and Houghton Mifflin Harcourt to join forces to support neighborhood life. This project is generously sponsored by Robert Half, celebrating their 50th year by supporting the Public Space Invitational and the Portable Reading Room.Project Name:Seat Light ControlProposed by: Peter AgoosSeat Light Control is design investigation to transform a ubiquitous urban street artifact, the street light control box, into an urban amenity. These boxes, often haphazardly located on city sidewalks and pedestrian walkways, have a negative aesthetic. This project re-orients container from a vertical slab to a horizontal plinth and re-imagined the access panel as a city bench. This project will put Boston at the forefront of a transformational effort to improve the experience of urban sidewalk users and the streetscape aesthetics by replacing the mundane and unattractive with beautiful and distinctive street furniture with a purpose.Project Name:The Hub (Huntington Ave.)Proposed by:Nick GuertinThe Hub not only creates new opportunities for neighborhood residents to actively engage with their streetscape, but also serves as an energetic billboard displaying Bostons commitment to promoting active, healthy public spaces. A modular series of benches, planters, and bicycle parking, the Hub will introduce a cohesive, linked series of installations that visually strengthen the connection between businesses, institutions, and residences along Huntington Avenue with the neighborhood.CATEGORY: City HallProject Name:Lobby SkyProposed by:Nate SwainThe goal of Lobby Sky is to make the Lobby of City Hall more bright and welcoming.Conceived as a photograph printed on vinyl and stretched across the vast ceiling, it will bring to life the area above the proposed WiFi lounge.Project Name: Stairs of FabulousnessProposed by: Liz LaMancheSimple. Colorful. Rainbow stairs will make city hall 400% more fabulous, according to the project proponent. This is a small intervention to the space, experimenting with color with the bricks and concrete as the canvas. Using non-skid tape, the stairs in the lobby area will be transformed by color.CATEGORY: Random Awesome Designs (RAD)Project Name:TidraphoneProposed by:Dana Busch, Conor MacDonald, Kate Balug, Siqi Zhu, and Alyson FletcherTidraphone, a tidal vibraphone, invites Bostonians to interact with the water and consider our relationship to it, via a playful musical experience that is dynamically affected by the daily tides. Perched on a granite pier on Bostons Fort Point Channel, the 10-12 pipes of the Tidraphone extend into the water at various lengths. The pitch and tone are dependent on the degree to which the pipes are submerged by the tides. The melodies of tidal variations within the span of a day are a microcosm of the range of sea levels that might be experienced with future climate change. To amplify the connection with our changing climate, one pipe in the array will simulate the drastically different pitch that one would experience if the ocean were at 100-year flood levels projected 100 years from today.Project Name:Chair City MountainProposed by:Michelle Auer and Isak GroskindNestled at the intersection of topography and placemaking, this creative outdoor furniture is an attempt to encourage engagement on a small, intimate and somewhat abstracted way. The project is an attempt to link people to landscape and to their environment, by inviting them to explore, climb, sit, socialize, hide, and play by encouraging discovery the project hopes to strengthen the communitys connection to place.Project Name: Light WellProposed by:Michelle Laboy, Joshua Fiedler, and Seth WisemanThis project creates a new form of sustainable infrastructure that performs as public art by enlivening public space with engaging forms and light. The Light Well inspires many interpretations: an object of art, a seat, a planter, a light fixture, and a vegetated drywell for storm-water infiltration. Powered by solar LED lights, this structure will illuminate at night, taking the energy and life of the day to transform the urban landscape at night with glowing forms.Project Name: RhodesProposed by: Basheer Tome and Grif PetersonRhodes is an outdoor life-size video conference between public spaces in Boston and another city. The purpose is to reimagine the urban tapestry by creating a permanent link to another world. Eschewing voyeurism, the observer is implicated in the installation as he or she is also being viewed, fostering connections between two otherwise distant communities. Over time, commuters may start recognizing each other, friends might plan to meet, and it may become a rallying point for interaction during major events. Through Rhodes, Boston has an opportunity to be at the forefront of public, digital collaboration, and emerge as the leader of a field that we will believe will inevitably take form elsewhere.The Rhodes project team is working with teens from Urban Frame (urbanframe.org), a summer youth program at MIT, to share in the design process that will bring it to life. The Urban Frame program has generously offered to fund this project for implementation in the Summer of 2014.PUBLIC SPACE INVITATIONAL HONORABLE MENTIONSProject Name:Neighborhood Pocket ParkProposed by:Jessica Robertson, Rich Parr, and Sarah BerryProject Name:Street SoundProposed by:Joseph WilesProject Name:Beacon TrailsProposed by:Sloan Dawson and Sasaki AssociatesProject Name:Dance SpotProposed by:Elisa HamiltonProject Name:Connecting the DotsProposed by:Vanessa Savas and the Codman Academy Class of 2014
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Department of Innovation & Technology (DoIT) announced today that the City of Boston has won two distinguished awards from the Public Technology Institute (PTI). The awards recognize the citys BostonMapsas the winner in theGeospatial Information Systems(GIS) category and the Boston Goes GoogleProject as the winner in the IT & Telecommunications category.  This annual competition recognizes PTI members who demonstrate how they use technology to innovate, solve problems, reduce costs, and improve services and internal operations.Boston is recognized as a leader in technology and innovation, said Mayor Walsh. We continue to find creative ways using technology to collaborate, improve services and increase efficiency. These awards represent the City moving forward with an innovative open GIS Mapping platform available to all, and a new communications system that provides access anytime, anywhere.An independent panel of judges has identified the recipients of PTIs20132014 Technology Solutions Awards. This year, the competition featured a wide array of interesting and innovative entries.Winner in (GIS) category: BostonMaps:The City of Bostons Mapping Platform - Creating a Spatially Aware WorkforceBostonMapsrepresents a modern platform for the City of Boston to allow access to GIS and maps for improved communication, collaboration, and decision-making. Mapping and location-based analysis are a fundamental aspect of the Citys efforts to enable all City staff  access to a common set of tools and resources, and help transform the way GIS is used to support businesses. BostonMaps also provides a mapping platform to support external stakeholders such as civic coders, as well as the general public. BostonMaps is the City of Bostons branding for its Esri ArcGIS Online implementation.Winner in the IT & TELECOMMUNICATIONS category:Boston, MABoston Goes GoogleIn December 2013, Boston successfully moved 76,000 city employees and students to the cloud with Google Apps. This includes all City departments, the Boston Police Department, Boston Public Schools, teachers, administrators, and over 50,000 students, each with an individual Google apps account.In less than four months since the start of the project, the Boston Goes Google team successfully converted all users from their legacy accounts to new Google Apps accounts. Over twenty million email messages were securely migrated to the cloud. For the first time the same platform is in use across the City, allowing for a consistent, positive user experience.The Google Apps platform enhances the Citys delivery of key services allowing for anywhere, anytime, access to email, calendar, and files. Anywhere, anytime access also increases effectiveness and provides greater efficiencies through the ability of employees to respond in real time to urgent situations or meet tight deadlines.Public Technology InstituteCreated by and for cities and counties, the not-for-profit Public Technology Institute promotes innovation and collaboration for thought-leaders in government, and advances the use of technology to improve the management and delivery of services to the citizen.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh met with representatives of Bostons 22 colleges and universities to address the safety of students living in off-campus housing.The City of Boston and its academic institutions must work together and take action together to protect students from irresponsible landlords, said Mayor Walsh. There are small steps we can take now to make large strides in the safety of students who are living off-campus.The meeting included representatives from the following: Association of Independent Colleges and Universities in Massachusetts Benjamin Franklin Institute of Technology Berklee College of Music Boston Architectural College Boston College Boston University Emerson College Emmanuel College Fisher College Harvard University Massachusetts College of Art & Design Massachusetts College of Pharmacy & Health Sciences MIT New England Conservatory Northeastern University Roxbury Community College Simmons College Suffolk University Tufts University UMass Boston Urban College of Boston and Wentworth Institute of Technology.At the meeting, the college and university representatives expressed support for Mayor Walshs emphasis on student safety and resolving quality of life issues in Bostons Neighborhoods. Mayor Walsh called on attendees to submit the addresses of students who are living off-campus to the City within 30 days. This information, already being collected by colleges and universities in Boston, will allow the City to ensure that landlords are adhering to the citys zoning regulations, which limits the number of full-time undergraduate unrelated students sharing an apartment to four, preventing overcrowding, unsafe living, and dangerous egress conditions.Mayor Walsh also requested that colleges and universities identify a common set of information to be included on student IDs such as the students date of birth and enrollment status explore launching a collaborative cross-sector partnership to create more on- and off-campus housing specifically for students and encourage colleges and universities to update materials provided to students and parents regarding off-campus housing to include detailed information about safe and healthy housing, and the steps they can take to protect themselves from unsafe living conditions.During the meeting, Mayor Walsh laid out a plan to meet again with the most senior executives from all of Bostons universities before student move-in this fall to discuss progress on the initiatives and partnerships begun today.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today hosted the Greenovate Boston Community Summit to celebrate Bostons sustainability movement and the development of a forward-looking vision for climate action across all Boston neighborhoods. As part of the summit, Mayor Walsh recognized the winners of the Greenovate Boston Awards, including four inaugural Mayors Carbon Cup participants, who have each pledged or achieved a 35% reduction in greenhouse gas intensity in at least one million square feet of space.Today is a celebration of every Bostonians work in making Boston a greener, healthier, and a more prosperous place, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. It is also a day to look at the climate challenges ahead, and to have confidence that the collective knowledge and drive of Bostonians can step up to these challenges.This year, the Mayor presented 11 Greenovate Awards. The awards, now in their eighth year, recognize sustainability leadership across Boston in businesses, community organizations, non-profits, residents, and institutions.2014 Greenovate Boston award winners, include:In addition, the Mayors Carbon Cup, which launched in April of this year, showcased four large institutions that have each committed at least one million square feet of building space to a 35% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 2020. The institutions collectively committed roughly 15 million square feet to the Cup and, if successful, will remove approximately 35,000 metric tons of GHGe from a 2005 baseline, equivalent to weatherizing close to 27,000 housing units.These large properties are leading the way on climate action, both in preparing for its impacts and lowering our collective carbon footprint, said Chief of Environment, Energy, and Open Space Brian Swett. With over 500 Bostonians in attendance today, our hope is that we can all find some place of leadership on climate action, whether in our homes, neighborhoods, or workplaces.Carbon Cup ParticipantsPartners HealthCare, Brigham and Womens HospitalBoston UniversityHarvard University (within Boston city limits)Partners HealthCare, Massachusetts General HospitalThe Cup is actively seeking new commercial real estate, hospitals, and universities to commit throughout this year. For more information, visitbit.ly/CarbonCupBos.The daylong summit also featured interactive workshops, keynote speakers including MBTA General Manager, Beverly Scott, Next Step Living CEO, Geoff Chaplin, and Vice President of the Codman Square Neighborhood Council, Cynthia Loesch, and mechanisms for soliciting public feedback into the 2014 Climate Action Plan. For the full agenda, please visitSummit.GreenovateBoston.org.Coinciding with the one-year anniversary of the public launch of the Greenovate Boston initiative in conjunction with over 50 community partners, the Summit belongs to a larger suite of events and programming to engage Bostonians on how to lower the citys carbon footprint and prepare for the impacts of climate change. Greenovate Boston staff have personally briefed over 1,000 people and co-hosted or attended over 20 community events regarding the Climate Action Plan.Moving forward, Greenovate Boston will continue to co-host community meetings for the purposes of soliciting feedback for the Climate Action Plan. Feedback is also being collected via Greenovate Bostons virtual town hall atEngage.GreenovateBoston.org. Those who wish to have a more active role can join the Neighborhoods, Climate Preparedness or 80x50 Strategy Committees. Feedback from all of these channels will be fed directly into the Steering Committee, who is tasked with providing final strategy recommendations for the Climate Action Plan, which will be completed in late 2014.
The 7,800-square-foot facility will replace the vacant former Mattapan Library on Hazleton Street and provide high quality youth development programs for teens focused on leadership, academic success, performing arts, and healthy lifestyles. The center is scheduled to open in fall 2014 and will serve approximately 250 teens annually, including 125 teens daily during evening programming.The Boys and Girls Club Mattapan Teen Center will be a vibrant addition and an invaluable resource for teens in this neighborhood, said Mayor Walsh. This is an exciting day for Mattapan and for the entire City. I want to thank the Boys & Girls Club of Boston and the Smith family for their vision and commitment to this neighborhood. Improving our neighborhoods requires a lot of hard work and compromise, and this is a great example of what can happen when everyone works together.The Boys & Girls Clubs of Boston are grateful to the City of Boston for granting us the unique opportunity to bring an underutilized facility back to life, said Josh Kraft, President and CEO of the Boys & Girls Clubs of Boston. By transforming the space into a center for the Mattapan community, BGCB will offer much-needed programming and resources to enrich and enhance the lives of local youth.The $2.5 million revitalization includes a computer lab, an education area with meeting spaces, a commercial kitchen, a 65-seat community theater that can also be used for fitness activities, and a music studio. The majority of the renovation work will take place inside the building, and green improvements will be incorporated to help conserve energy and reduce operating costs.All of the exterior windows will be replaced with new efficient weather-tight windows, and system upgrades, including a new boiler, will increase efficiency. A programmable thermostat system will be installed to maximize savings on heating and cooling, and the interior lighting will be motion-sensor activated to save electricity when rooms are not being used. There will be no major changes to the outside of the building and existing exterior and interior details will be restored.The revitalization of this building was made possible in part by a $2.5 million grant from the Richard and Susan Smith Foundation. Dana and Robert Smith are donating an additional $2.5 million to cover the first five years of operation.Constructed in 1931 the building was the neighborhood library until a new facility was constructed and opened on Blue Hill Avenue in 2009. The single-story structure, which includes high ceilings and ornate interior trimming, sits on an approximately 13,700-square-foot parcel. The Boys and Girls Clubs of Boston were tentatively designated as the developer of the property through the Department of Neighborhood Development Request for Proposals process in August of 2013.About Boys & Girls Club of BostonSince its founding in 1893, Boys & Girls Clubs of Boston (BGCB) has been helping young people build strong character and realize their full potential as responsible citizens and leaders. BGCB does this by providing: a safe haven filled with hope and opportunity, ongoing relationships with caring adults, and life-enhancing programs in six core program areas. The organization serves more than 15,000 young people, ages 6-18, in 11 Clubs and through Camp Harbor View and YouthConnect.
Boston Public Librarys annual Read Your Way to Fenway summer essay contest opens today for young people in Boston ages 5 through 17. Readers may download an application viawww.bpl.org/summeror pick up an application atany Boston Public Library location. Children and teens are encouraged to read a minimum of three books and write an essay about their favorite for the opportunity to watch the Red Sox play at Fenway Park.The Read Your Way to Fenway summer essay contest keeps young people engaged in reading while out of school and provides the unique opportunity to watch the hometown team chase another championship, said Jessi Snow, Boston Public Librarys Youth Services Coordinator.Completed applications and essays are due by 5 p.m. on Friday, August 1 to any Boston Public Library location across the city. Essay contest winners receive three Red Sox tickets for him/herself and a parent or guardian to watch the Red Sox play against the Seattle Mariners at Fenway Park on Sunday, August 24. Winners also receive a Red Sox hat, t-shirt, backpack, and a food voucher good for a Fenway Frank and a soda or water.The Read Your Way to Fenway summer essay contest is generously supported by the Boston Public Library Foundation, John Hancock, the Boston Red Sox Foundation, and Aramark.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
The Board of Election Commissioners for the City of Boston advises all residents that the annual door-to-door listing of City residents is now underway, beginning in East Boston. In following weeks, the teams will move into Charlestown, West Roxbury and the Allston-Brighton neighborhoods, before moving on to other neighborhoods later this summer.The Election Department is required by Massachusetts law to conduct the annual listing (sometimes known as the City Census). The information compiled in the listing process serves to preserve the integrity of the voting list, as well as provides the basis for the jury list submitted to the Commonwealth each year. The information also updates important demographic information regarding the Citys population.All Election Department listers will work in teams, and will be clearly identifiable by their distinctive orange mesh vests. Each team member will also wear a photo identification badge issued by the City of Boston. The listers will be confirming the residency of Bostonians ages 17 and over. The teams will be working from 9am-5pm, Monday through Friday, weather permitting.If residents are not home when the listers visit, a door knocker will be left, providing both a telephone number (635-3767) and website information (www.boston.gov/elections) where the resident can update his or her information. If the online option is chosen, please submit a form for each household member, age 17 and older.Residents are urged to update their information using the telephone number or the website before the listing team gets to your neighborhood, or to mail back the listing form. Not only does this save our listers from making a home visit, Boston also saves time and money, and a more accurate listing results.Stand up and be counted! Respond to the annual listing today!
Boston Public Librarys research, computer, and career classes feature an array of topics this June, offering instruction for library users about its growing digital services, first-time bloggers, and those new to the BPL online catalog. Held at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street, weekday computer instruction classes help build career skills and classes are offered for those interested in learning more about the librarys resources.Highlights of the June class schedule include:Classes are held on weekday mornings and afternoons in the Central Librarys tech classroom unless otherwise noted. The tech classroom is located on the lower level of the Johnson Building, accessed through the Kirstein Business Library.Interested learners candownload a PDF versionof the June class schedule at the Central Library in Copley Square, pick up a paper version of the schedule on a visit to the library, or look through the BPLs complete online calendar viawww.bpl.org/calendar. Some multi-part classes do require free registration prior to the meeting of the first session. Those classes are clearly marked on the calendar and require a phone call to 617.859.2323.The Central Library will also host the first of three summer sessions led by General Assembly designed to jumpstart library users entrepreneurial ventures. The first workshop,Web Development: Lets Break It Down,takes place onThursday, June 26, at 6:30 p.m.in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square. AdditionalGeneral Assembly workshopsare scheduled on Thursday, July 24 and Thursday, August 28.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
"OnSaturday, May 31, Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh and U.S. Postal Service (USPS) Greater Boston District Manager John (Mike) Powers are to host five job fairs in Boston neighborhoods. Job fair attendees can apply and learn about the City Carriers Assistant (CCA) job openings at postal facilities throughout Boston.USPShuman resources professionals and City of Boston employees will be on hand at the fair to answer questions and assist attendees with applications.""It is our responsibility to develop partnerships and educational opportunities to provide residents with the resources they need to find long-term employment and economic security,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The partnership we have forged withUSPSis helping the City to make that a reality.""The job fairs will be held on Saturday, May 31stfrom1:00 p.m. to 3:00 p.m.at the following locations:Additional sessions will be held as follows:Monday, June 2ndfrom 6:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m.Thursday, June 5thfrom 2:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.""The U.S. Postal Service is one of our nations largest employers with a career workforce of 500,000 employees. Here in the Greater Boston Area we are looking to add 200 employees to our local work force,"" said Powers. ""By teaming up with Mayor Walsh and his administration, we believe we can accomplish this goal.""The majority ofUSPSentry-level workers are hired through a competitive process which begins when a job application is submitted. CCAs are appointed for a term of 360 calendar days and may be reappointed for another 360-day term after a five day break in service. The positions entail all the duties normally performed by a city letter carrier and may lead to a long-term career position. Salary and limited benefits include $15.30 an hour, paid vacation days, and eligibility for health care benefits. Candidates must have a valid drivers license, exemplary driving record, and two years of driving experience.Individuals are also welcome to apply online:www.usps.com/employment. Online applicants will be required to create a profile and fill out an employment application. Once completed, search for the CCA openings in the Boston by:If contacted for further consideration, candidates will be required to pass all pre-employment suitability factors including, but not limited to: employment history background check military history criminal conviction history drug screening, personal interview and if selected, medical suitability. Applicants must also be a U.S. citizen, a lawful permanent resident alien, or a citizen of a territory owing allegiance to the United States.TheUSPSreceives no tax dollars for operating expenses and relies on the sale of postage, products and services to fund its operations."
CityHallToGois one of many programs that the City of Boston has created that encourages participatory democracy,said Mayor Walsh.With the truck in the community, residents will be able to engage directly with members of my Administration, and to reach necessary city services in a convenient and local access point.Brian Swett, Chief ofEnvironment, Energy, & Open Space,will be the first to participate inChief Chats,on June 13th at the Bowdoin Street Health Center in Dorchester. Felix Arroyo, Chief of Health and Human Services, will appear the following week on June 21st in Hyde/Jackson Square in Jamaica Plain.The repurposed 1985 bomb squad vehicle has also gained some national and international attention, inspiring nearly 20 other cities to follow suit and further explore the CityHallToGoprogram. Four cities in the United States currently have a mobile cityhallprogram proposed in their budgets for Fiscal Year 2015, and Vancouver and Calgary, Canada have already created similar programs.Weve been in communication with representatives from cities such as Chicago, Dallas, Baltimore, Vancouver, Toronto, and many others, discussing the success and best practices of CityHallToGo,said Danielle Valle Fitzgerald, Director of the CityHallToGoprogram.These cities are also hoping to increase interactions between their residents and local government, and weve engaged in great dialogue around improving and refining the way we provide city services.Since CityHallToGohas been on the road, the program has participated in neighborhood events, developed a weekly schedule, and provided constituents with an easier way to conduct city business. The program has expanded to offering 47 different city services, which involve every department within the City of Boston, including joint efforts with the Department of Animal Care & Control, Parks and Recreation, and the Office of Emergency Management. The program will continue to grow, evolve, and serve as an effective way to maximize outreach to Bostons residents.For more information about CityHallToGo, visitwww.cityofboston.gov/cityhalltogo.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Department of Public Works announced new collection hauling and disposal contracts, effective July 1, 2014 until the end of the contract term in fiscal year 2019.Im concerned for the environment and we have to do our part by protecting our City, said Mayor Walsh. This new contract has been implemented with the goal of encouraging more recycling and trash collection with keeping our current financial climate in mind.Should you have any questions, please contact Mayor Martin J. Walshs Department of Neighborhood Services at617.635.3485or your local representative can be found here:https://www.cityofboston.gov/ons/.Listing of New Vendors, affected Districts, and Collection Days:Listing of Districts with unaffected Collection Schedule:
Boston Public Library hosts June author talks at the Central Library in Copley Square and branch locations on a range of topics and features the works of artists, journalists, and local authors:The complete schedule of upcoming events at Boston Public Library locations is available atwww.bpl.org/calendar.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
In cooperation with neighborhood residents who cited the need for increased pedestrian safety, the Boston Transportation Department has recently installed traffic signals at the intersection of Blue Hill Avenue and Clarkwood Street in Dorchester. The signals are currently operating in flash mode but will be fully operational by June 1 pending the completion of additional roadway enhancements that are scheduled to be made at this location.I am pleased to have this opportunity to invest in equipment that will improve traffic and pedestrian safety in Dorchester, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Id like to thank the neighborhood residents who brought their concerns to BTD and who have volunteered their time to work side by side with department staff to see the project through to completion. We appreciate your help.To accommodate visually impaired residents of the neighborhood, the new signals will be outfitted with accessible pedestrian signals designed to inform pedestrians when it is safe to cross by emitting an audible walk indication in addition to the visual Walk signal. The audible indication has an automatic volume adjustment that responds to background noise. As a result, the walk indication is louder when the noise level is high, such as when a truck is passing by, and softer overnight or when there is a lull in traffic. In addition, raised (tactile) arrows are included with all pushbuttons to point visually impaired pedestrians to the correct crosswalk that is controlled by a particular pushbutton, and the new signals are equipped with locator tones to enable pedestrians with a visual disability to locate the pushbutton.The signals controlling traffic on Blue Hill Avenue at both approaches to the intersection are located on overhead mastarms to maximize visibility on this wide and busy roadway, while standard traffic signal poles will control traffic movement on Clarkwood Street. Traffic signals on Blue Hill Avenue will remain on green except when a pedestrian pushbutton at the intersection is pressed or when loop detectors imbedded in the Clarkwood Street pavement indicate that there is traffic on Clarkwood Street that needs to proceed. Other enhancements being made to the intersection as part of this project include new crosswalks, stop lines and street name signs.Drivers are advised to pay close attention to the new traffic signals at the intersection of Blue Hill Avenue and Clarkwood Street and to anticipate that the signals will become fully operational in the near future, said Boston Transportation Department Interim Commissioner James E. Gillooly. Safely sharing the road is the objective of everyone who has been involved in this project.
Boston Public Libraryhosts programs and exhibitions in May and June that document the arduous journey to the free Republic of Haiti and celebrate more than 200 years of Haitian independence.An exhibition featuring artworks that honor Haitian revolutionary Toussaint Louverture is on display at the Mattapan Branch, located at 1350 Blue Hill Avenue, through July 18. OnTuesday, May 27, a reception will be held from 5:30-7:30 p.m.at the Mattapan Branch to celebrate the exhibition. The reception includes poetry readings, testimonials, and light refreshments.At the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street, theexhibitionThe Soul of a Man: Toussaint Louverture & the Haitian Slave Revoltopens in the Rare Books Lobby on Tuesday, June 17, and runs through September 30 of this year. The Central Library exhibition tells the compelling story of Toussaint Louverture, a leader of the armed resistance against colonization and slavery and his significant role in the future of a free Haiti.Boston Public Library welcomes researchers, visitors, and academics to view the materials that played a critical role in the freedom and development of Haiti, said Susan Glover, Keeper of Special Collections.A panel discussion and slideshow featuring Toussaint Louvertures historical impact and his influence on the abolitionist movement and popular culture in the United States will be held onTuesday, June 17at 6:30 p.m. in Rabb Lecture Hall at the Central Library in Copley Square. Panelists include Boston Public Library Trustee andState Representative Byron Rushing,Dr. Marc Prou of the University of Massachusetts,Professor Patricia Hills of Boston University, and moderators Marie St. Fleur andDr. Nesly Metayer. Representatives from the Boston City Council, the NAACP, and State Senator Linda Dorcena Forry will join the panel for special remarks.The panelists will offer a glimpse of little known but important facts connecting the U.S. to Haiti and further validate the historical bonds between the Haitian Revolution and New England abolitionists, said Charlot Lucien, one of the organizers for Haitian-Americans United Inc.The Central Library exhibition draws on Boston Public Librarys vast collection ofHaitian and West Indies materialswhich includes 10,000+ books, manuscripts, and letters dating from 1714-1916 and features a copy of the Code Henry, which was issued in 1812 and codifies the civil and criminal laws of Haiti. The collection documents the colonial rule of Saint-Domingue, the slave insurrection, the beginning of Haitian self-rule, and the development of Haiti, the first black republic in the world. The Rare Books Lobby is located on the third floor of the McKim Building at the Central Library in Copley Square. It is open Monday through Friday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Learn more atwww.bpl.org/exhibitions.These exhibitions and programs are the result of a collaboration between Haitian-Americans United Inc., Haitian Artists Assembly of Massachusetts, and Boston Public Library. The Haitian community has a strong presence in Massachusetts, with 80,000 members, and constitutes the third largest Haitian community in the country.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first publicly supported municipal library in America, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
The proudest vote I ever took as a state legislator was the vote I cast for marriage equality. Ten years ago today, the first same-sex couples walked into City Hall to receive their marriage licenses, and I remain honored to have played a part in helping make that a reality.Today, I'm proud to lead a city that is a beacon of justice and respect. On this day of joy, I hope we can reflect, celebrate, and recommit to ensuring equality for all.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that his newly-redesigned Mayors Youth Council will be accepting applications for neighborhood representative positions.The Mayors Youth Council (MYC) has been tasked with creating and implementing sustainable initiatives to engage young people in local government.Young people in the City not only deserve to have their voices heard, but also be a part of the government process, said Mayor Walsh. I have seen the positive results that come from having youth present at the table when decisions are being made  not just in the decision process, but also in their strengthened involvement and sense of responsibility to our City and their neighborhoods.The Mayors Youth Council has undergone several changes under the Walsh Administration:Im exposed to so many different environments, and meet so many different government officials who want my input, my opinions on different situations, said Mabel Gonzalez, a current Mattapan representative on the MYC. Not only do you meet tons of people on the MYC, but you make a plan for what your citys future can look like. Forty five years from now I can say, I helped build this. I helped make this, so thats pretty cool.I fell in love with public service through my experience on the Mayors Youth Council, said Shari Davis, MYC alumna and Executive Director of Youth Engagement and Employment. It was really an opportunity for me to make connections and eventually start my career in city government.To apply to be a neighborhood representative on the Mayors Youth Council, you must be a Boston resident and entering grades 9-12 (or of comparable age). All applicants will participate in a group interview and must submit letters of recommendation. To learn more and apply online, visitwww.boston.gov/youthcouncil.
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh convened the first meeting of the Boston Womens Workforce Council under his Administration. During todays meeting, Mayor Walsh announced a newly-created partnership with the School of Management at Simmons College and others. EMC, a major Fortune 500 company in the Boston area, is the newest company to participate in the Councils work.The partnership among the Walsh Administration, Simmons, and the Council marks a new chapter for the Council, which was originally formed in April 2013. The Councils mission is to work with the businesses in the Greater Boston area in a private-public endeavor to eliminate the gender wage gap, remove the visible and invisible barriers to womens advancement, and ensure that 100% of the talent pool is used to make Boston the best area in the country for working women.I am pleased to partner with Dean Minehan and Simmons College, which has a long and storied history of advancing women. I am deeply committed to closing the wage gap and to ensuring economic equality for women who work in the Boston area, said Mayor Walsh. Partnering with Simmons College, and working with the members of the Council and other interested organizations allows us to elevate and expand the Councils scope and scale by ensuring we have the resources, contacts, and expertise needed to implement the Councils goals.Cathy Minehan serves as the Dean of the School of Management at Simmons, and as the Chair of the Council. I am thrilled with the prospect of continuing the work of the Council under Mayor Walshs Administration, said Dean Minehan. Our collaboration allows us to combine the best aspects of the public and private sectors, and provides us with a broad platform on which to discuss and solve the issues surrounding the wage gap in Boston, a reality that confounds both women workers and the businesses that employ them. Working directly with corporations under the Compact allows us to determine what wage-gap closing practices are realistic, effective, and cost-efficient.Christina M. Knowles will serve as the Executive Director of the Council. Knowles most recently served as the Executive Director of the Massachusetts Caucus of Women Legislators, and as the State Director and Lobbyist for the Massachusetts Chapter of the National Organization for Women. She has been named one of the Top 100 Influencers in the Commonwealth by the national publicationCampaigns and Elections Politics Magazine.The bulk of the Councils work focuses on100% Talent: The Boston Womens Compact. The Compact is a voluntary agreement in which businesses pledge to take concrete, measurable steps to eliminate the wage gap and to report their progress anonymously every two years. Over 60 businesses have signed on. In addition to the most recent addition of EMC, three other key Fortune 500 companies have signed the Compact: State Street, Raytheon, and Mass Mutual. By the end of the year, the Council expects to have 100 signatories. It is also expected that contributions from signatories will provide the bulk of the Councils funding for the first three years of the initiative.Over the next three years, the Council will hold an annual conference on best-practices in gender equity in the workplace and will publish two reports on evaluating the status of the wage gap in Boston. Simmons and the City of Boston will partner with at least one other organization who will handle the collection, analysis, and reporting of data.For more information on the Boston Womens Workforce Council, visit:www.cityofboston.gov/womenor contact Christina Knowles, Executive Director. E:christina.knowles2@simmons.edu. O: 617-521-3826. C: 508-527-6007.
New technology improves access to BRA Board meeting votes, city zoning, and available and awarded bids and contracts, and delivers up-to-the-minute metrics about Boston development.The BRA is making critical changes to its information management systems to make the agency operations more accessible, said Mayor Walsh. These advancements are increasing transparency and opening up the doors of the BRA business to the public.BRA Board MeetingsThe BRA Board meeting agenda and associated board memos are now available 48 hours in advance of the monthly meeting. Board memos outline the final details of development projects, planning studies, development designations, and other BRA business that the Board is authorized to take action on. This change will ensure the public is notified of the final details of a development project ahead of a vote. The next BRA Board meeting is scheduled forThursday, May 15.Allowing viewers to follow BRA Board meeting business more easily online, the agenda and board memos are now associated with a live video feed that is available viaCity of Boston TV. Following the meeting, all board documents will be time tracked to the recorded meeting video for the public to easily navigate and jump to agenda items post-meeting to review the board proceedings.All 2014 meetingsare now available in the new agenda management format.Bids and ContractsAccess to the BRAsawarded and available RFP/RFQ/BID contracts onlinehas been improved and expanded. An upgrade to the contract search tool enables the public to search and filter RFP/RFQ/BID contracts by status of the project. This feature will better connect the public and development- and construction-related businesses to potential project opportunities in construction, engineering, design, and other fields. In addition, it will improve transparency around the companies being selected for contracts.Companies will also have the ability to enlist in an email service providing updates when new RFP/RFQ/BID contracts become available. Sub-contractor registration will be created for prime contractors and consultants to reference the register and seek business from a sub-contractor of a particular trade. This is an effort from the City to encourage all applicable companies to participate in project opportunities.Boston About ResultsThe BRA is now sharing metrics about development in Boston, including the total value of projects that are currently under construction and in the pipeline, on theBoston About Results (BAR)page of the City of Boston website. The information will be displayed with open data graphs and metrics and will appear alongside the data of several other City of Boston agencies. The platform includes additional metrics such as total square footage of development under construction in Boston, construction jobs created by new development, and total construction costs for all BRA Board-approved projects.Zoning ViewerThe updated BRAZoning Viewergives additional access to zoning and planning information for any area of the city, giving clear access to zoning layers, base layers, boundary layers, regulated layers, and planning layers.
Yesterday, under the leadership of Senate President Therese Murray and Senator Jennifer Flanagan, Chair of the Special Committee on Drug Abuse and Treatment Options, the Massachusetts Senate took an important first step in improving the way we address substance abuse in the Commonwealth. Through my years of work with the recovery community, I have seen, firsthand, how the current system has too many barriers and not enough supports in place for those in need. As lawmakers, we must do more to ensure that substance abuse treatments are part of a continuum of care that recognizes the various stages of the recovery process. I applaud the Senate for passing legislation that moves us in the right direction and urge the House of Representatives to act expeditiously on this bill.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today celebrated National Small Business Week atil Panino Cafe and Grill in Jamaica Plain, announcing that the Department of Neighborhood Developments (DND) Office of Business Development (OBD) will be expanding its High-Impact Tool Box, which provides personalized, customized assistance to small businesses based on their unique needs. As part of the expansion OBD will more than double its budget to $250,000 for its One-on-One Small Business Assistance program, and expand its Social Media Accelerator programming.""I'm proud of our City: Boston is one of four cities in the country recognized by Small Business Administration (SBA), to officially celebrate National Small Business Week, said Mayor Walsh, making the announcement at Il Panino Caf and Grill in Jamaica Plain. Boston is the hub of small business and entrepreneurship, and todays expansion of high-impact programs for small business is another example of the City of Bostons commitment to help small businesses succeed and thrive in Boston.I want to thank Mayor Walsh for his commitment to the small business community in Boston, said Victoria Amador, owner of Tremendous Maid, a small business in Boston that is participating in all three OBD programs. I am proof that, with support from the Office of Business Development and the Boston Main Street Program, you can improve your bottom line and hire new employees.The One-on-One Small Business Assistance program serves small businesses during the hours that work for them and at no cost to the business. Services include assisting with accounting and financial management business operations technology systems marketing and promotions legal advice and interior design. Through the program OBD has assisted businesses in 17 commercial districts throughout Boston and 65% of them have been minority-owned. Business owners report that they have seen a 50% average increase in revenue over the 6-month period following the assistance. In addition 40 jobs have been created or saved. The $250,000 in increased funding will allow OBD to more than double the number of businesses participating in the One-on-One Small Business Assistance program.As Mayor Walsh made his announcement, OBD was convening more than seventy of Bostons small business owners at its Social Media Accelerator, a one-day event to educate business owners on how to leverage social media to drive awareness, growth, and profitability. The Social Media Accelerator was held at Suffolk University, where businesses heard presentations from experts in the field who provided practical tips about how to use social media tools effectively, and heard about social media best practices from a panel of their social media-savvy peers. In January OBD held its first Social Media Accelerator, which attracted 60 small businesses and over 90 people. Due to the success of the program OBD will now host a Social Media Accelerator quarterly.Mayor Walsh also announced today that OBD will assist small business owners in accessing the Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Businesses program, in partnership with Babson College and ICIC. The program aims to help small businesses create jobs and economic opportunity by providing them with greater access to business education, financial capital, and business support services.More than half of Americans either own or work for a small business, and they create about two out of every three new jobs in the U.S. each year. Small businesses provide us with goods and services, with jobs, with community meeting places, with a rich diversity of cultures and languages, with stewards who invest in our neighborhoods and our neighbors, and they provide us with the inspiration to dream, the motivation to pursue new opportunities and the resolve to succeed.Every year since 1963, the President of the United States has issued a proclamation announcing National Small Business Week, which recognizes the critical contributions of Americas entrepreneurs and small business owners. This year, Boston is one of four cities across the country hosting National Small Business week. Throughout the week, the U.S. Small Business Administration, Mayor Walsh and OBD will be hosting events and promoting the importance of small business.OBD offers a full range of services -- from financial and referral services, to business facade improvement and small service loans, to networking events  in order to ensure that Boston business owners get the support they need to succeed. OBD also supports the nationally-recognized Boston Main Streets program, which was created in 1995. With 20 districts, Boston Main Streets is devoted to the continued revitalization of Boston's neighborhood commercial districts."
"Today the mayors of Boston,Cambridge, Quincy, Somerville, and Braintree announced the formation of the Life Sciences Corridor. The partnership, created by Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh,CambridgeMayor David Maher, Quincy Mayor Thomas Koch, Somerville Mayor Joseph Curtatone, and Braintree Mayor Joseph C. Sullivan, will focus on promoting the robust life sciences sector along the MBTA red line in the Greater Boston region. An event for the announcement was held at the Museum of Science, a middle point between the five partnering cities.Our cities alone perform quite well, but collaboratively, we will continue to transform the economic prospects for the life sciences sector of the Greater Boston region,"" said Boston Mayor Walsh. ""This partnership will have immediate impacts on business development and institutional growth, and ensure the region remains an economic engine for the Commonwealth, and a top location for cutting-edge research.It is no secret thatCambridge, along with Boston, Quincy, Somerville and Braintree plays a major role in the life sciences sector in the Commonwealth. This new partnership will benefit our individual communities and the region, but most importantly will continue to foster the atmosphere necessary for innovative and breakthrough research in the life sciences arena, saidCambridgeCity Manager Rich Rossi.The life sciences are at the heart of our economic development future as a City and together as a region. This initiative harnessing the resources of the entire Red Line corridor is a great collaborative step forward toward reaching our region's full potential as the world leader in life sciences development,"" said Quincy Mayor Koch.Our region is rich in resources for the life sciences, whether its the leading edge research at our universities, the innovation within local industry or the high concentration of professional talent. This initiative recognizes that together we can best seize this potential with a regional approach, which will yield even greater returns if we expand our collaboration to other spheres and challenges, said Somerville Mayor Curtatone.""We are excited to be involved in this unique regional partnership, said Braintree Mayor Sullivan. This collaborative effort amongst the five communities sends a powerful message to the life science industry that we are the area to invest and grow.Together, the five cities represent over 460 companies within the life science industry sector. The Life Sciences Corridor will focus on attracting business from outside the region, retaining businesses within the region, and promoting cross collaboration between universities, institutions and businesses across the region. This year in San Diego,Cambridge, Boston and Quincy are attending the BIO International Convention (BIO) and coordinating outreach efforts. BIO is the world's largest gathering of biotechnology companies, academic institutions, state biotechnology centers and related organizations across the United States and in more than 30 other nations. The robust life sciences industry in these cities is sustained by the skilled workforce, access to leading universities, established innovative research and development districts, the proximity of major research hospitals, and the presence of venture capital resources. Additionally, the new Corridor is naturally connected by the MBTA Red Line, which serves as an important and efficient connecting link betweenCambridge, Boston, Quincy, Somerville, and Braintree.For anyone from outside of Massachusetts seeking to grow their business here, the Boston region has always been defined broadly, and the new Life Sciences Corridor initiative embraces that, said Robert K. Coughlin, President & CEO of MassBio, the life sciences trade association. We are the destination for not just research & development companies, but contract research and manufacturing organizations, life sciences information technology companies, device and diagnostic companies and support services across the entire healthcare spectrum. Its great to be able to offer the regions full spectrum of resources and amenities and we applaud the Mayors for getting together to roll out the red carpet for the industry.It is terrific to see five of our leading cities taking a collaborative approach to life sciences company recruitment, said Susan Windham-Bannister, Ph.D., President & CEO of the MLSC. This is the sort of collaboration that makes Massachusetts unique, and acknowledges that our state has many great options to offer companies seeking to locate and grow here. Massachusetts has become a magnet for life sciences companies around the world, and this new collaboration will communicate even more strongly that we are committed to making our state the best place to do business."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh has identified a diverse group of students, restaurant and bar owners, law enforcement, and business leaders from across the City to create a Late Night Task Force. The group, which has held two meetings since its April 2014 launch, is examining ways to foster and grow a safe and vibrant late night culture in the City of Boston.As I shared with the Boston Municipal Research Bureau in March, we have an opportunity here to create the kind of nightlife that visitors expect in a world-class city, said Mayor Walsh. Were thinking globally, and by engaging with a wide range of stakeholders and the community, we can explore new ways to make Boston a more exciting and engaging place to live, work, study and visit.The Late Night Task Force is examining: business districts and neighborhoods that are favorable for later closing hours public safety requirements of expanded late night hours existing liquor license restrictions entertainment license expansion late night transportation access and how to effectively launch the expanded services. The Task Force is working with students at the Harvard Kennedy School who have analyzed how other cities have approached expanded late night activities, surveyed young people, and mapped liquor license and crime statistics, Bostons street lights, and where young adults live.Rory Cuddyer, Special Assistant to the Mayors Chief of Staff, and John Fitzgerald, Senior Project Manager at the Boston Redevelopment Authority, will co-chair the Late Night Task Force. The Mayor has appointed 24 individuals to the Late Night Task Force:The Late Night Task Force plans to launch pilot late night services in summer 2014.
"Today Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Belfast Lord Mayor Mirtn  Muilleoir signed a Sister Cities agreement. The signing took place at a breakfast event hosted by the Irish American Partnership. This is the first Sister City agreement signed by the City of Boston since 2001.""Together, Boston and Belfast will strive to foster educational exchanges,promote cultural understanding,and stimulate economic development through our new Sister City relationship,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We look forward to new beginnings with our ""sister"" Belfast, as this formal agreement goes far beyond adeclaration on ink onpaper it truly speaks to our historic connection, genuine ties, and deeply linked heritage.""Belfast and Boston share enduring links of history and heritage over many years and they will now provide the foundation for a new future-focused Sister City relationship between Boston  the colleges, life-sciences and Irish American capital of America  and Belfast  the fastest-growing knowledge economy of Europe, birthplace of the Titanic, home of Game of Thrones and a world-leader in peace building, said Lord Mayor Muilleoir.For two decades, the Partnership has been a strong advocate of the peace process in Ireland and has focused in particular in supporting schools and shared education in the city of Belfast, said Joseph F. Leary, President and CEO of the Irish American Partnership. We are thrilled to see Boston and Belfast unite as sister cities to forge a new future of positive partnership between our peoples.The agreement is designed to foster stronger economic development, trade and investment, tourism, youth, cultural, faith based exchange and educational linkages between the two cities, and to increase awareness of both cities as being growth cities in the connected health and life sciences, creative industries, tourism, financial services and the knowledge economy sectors.It commits both cities to identifying activities that can generate new initiatives to further nurture economic, social, cultural and faith based relationships, and to:Bostons Sister City programs operate as non-profit, independent organizations, and are heavily dependent on voluntary support and contributions. During the 1950s, citizens and government officials recognized the importance of developing closer international relations, and the search for a Sister City began. The success of this program prompted the development of other goodwill sister relations. To the present date, eight Sister City friendships have been formed: Kyoto, Japan (established in 1959) Strasbourg, France (established in 1960) Barcelona, Spain (established in 1980) Hangzhou, China (established in 1982) Padua, Italy (established in 1983) Mebourne, Australia (established in 1985) Taipei, Taiwan (established in 1996) Sekondi-Takoradi, Ghana (established in 2001).The Sister Cities Program began as a national concept in 1956, when President Dwight D. Eisenhower called for massive exchanges between Americans and people of other countries to create international understanding and goodwill. A Sister City agreement is formalized when two communities from different nations join together to develop a friendly and meaningful relationship. The two cities exchange people, ideas, culture, education, and technology. Citizens from both communities learn about each other's culture and become directly involved in developing unique solutions to common problems. The Sister Cities Program promotes world peace in an individual level and encourages citizens to better understand community, by contrasting their way of life with another culture."
I'm disappointed in today's decision by the Gaming Commission. The Commission's announcement seemed predetermined because after three hours of testimony, they only took ten minutes to arrive at a decision. I have said -- and I truly believe -- that Boston is a host community to both sites, and I intend to continue to do everything in my power to protect our best interests. The people of East Boston and Charlestown deserve the opportunity to vote. Tomorrow, I will meet with my legal team to evaluate all of the options available to us right now. We have not made a decision about our next step, but we will share developments as they are available.
Boston Public Librarys Concerts in the Courtyard (www.bpl.org/concerts) series returns June 4 and runs through August 29, showcasing a variety of artists and musical genres in the librarys iconic courtyard at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street. In addition to Friday lunchtime concerts at 12:30 p.m., this season the library now offers evening concerts on Wednesdays at 6 p.m. All the concerts are free and last approximately one hour.The month of June features Berklee College of Music students and alumni performing everything from jazz, pop, and funk to works with Arab, Latin American, and Scottish influences:The complete Concerts in the Courtyard schedule, which is generously sponsored by the Boston Public Library Foundation (www.bplf.com), can be viewed atwww.bpl.org/concerts. The concerts continue in July and August with the following schedule:During the Wednesday evening concerts, light refreshments will be available for purchase.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the formation of a Universal Pre-Kindergarten Advisory Committee to recommend a city-wide strategic framework and action plan to double the enrollment of four-year-olds in high quality, full-day pre-kindergarten programs by 2018. Access to full-day pre-kindergarten with a certified teacher in a Boston Public School or in a community-based program is part of the citys multi-year effort to improve the achievement of all Boston students and close the achievement gap by grade three.Pre-kindergarten programs ensure that all students start kindergarten ready to learn, said Mayor Walsh. Rather than spend time on remediation in education, we are investing in our youngest students to lay the groundwork for their long-term successand the long-term prosperity of Boston.To create the framework and action plan for the expansion of full-day pre-kindergarten programs, the Universal Pre-Kindergarten Advisory Committee will look at many factors including class space requirements, teacher qualifications, funding requirements, and potential partnerships for before school, after school, and summer wrap-around services.Thrive in 5,a partnership between the Mayor'sOffice and the United Way of Massachusetts Bay and Merrimack Valley, and other community partners will conduct a series of stakeholder focus groups across Boston, and offer online surveys to gather input about the strengths and needs of all of the Citys neighborhoods for high-quality pre-kindergarten. The Advisory Committee will make its recommendations for a mixed delivery system to Major Walsh in November 2014.There are approximately 6,000 four-year-olds living in Boston, and the population of four-year-olds is projected to grow to as many as 8,000 by 2030. Currently, approximately one-third of all four-year-olds (2,200) are in the nationally-recognized Boston Public School Pre-Kindergarten (K1) Program, while others attend community-based private programs. An estimated 25 percent of all Boston four-year-olds do not attend a pre-kindergarten program. Mayor Walshs FY15 budget adds over 100 K1 seats for four-year-olds.Research on early childhood programs with trained teachers and smaller teacher to student ratios have been shown to yield benefits in increased MCAS performance, academic achievement, improved behavior, prevention of delinquency and crime, and labor market success.BostonsK1 program has demonstrated significant gains for all students in theirlanguage, literacy and mathematics development,and reduces the achievement gap significantly between students by third grade.2014 Mayors Universal Pre-Kindergarten Advisory CommitteeCo- ChairsJeri Robinson,Vice President for Education and Family Learning, Boston Childrens Museum*Jason Sachs,Director of Early Childhood,Boston Public Schools*MembersNoah Berger,President, Massachusetts Budget and Policy CenterDanubia Campos,Parent[NK1]Michelle Cannon,ParentSharon Scott Chandler, Executive Vice President, Action for Bostons Community Development (ABCD)Ana Crowley, ParentAnne Douglass, Assistant Professor, Early Education and Care,UMass BostonBetsy Drinan, Co-teacher, Boston Teachers Union SchoolLinda Dorcena Forry,1stSuffolk District, Massachusetts SenateDominique Graham, ParentKimberly Haskins,Senior Program Officer, Barr Foundation*Renee Boynton Jarett, MD, ScD, Founding Director, Vital Village Community Engagement NetworkJohn Kelly, Executive Director, East Boston Social CentersMary Kinsella, Vice President of Early Childhood Education and Care and School Age Programs, Boys and Girls Club of DorchesterSuzanne Lee, Boston Public School Principal (Retired)Michael Loconto, Member, Boston School CommitteeSusan McConathy, Director, Deloitte Consulting, LLPNejat Sirag,ParentTodd Rainville,General Partner, Symmetric CapitalMarchelle Raynor,Director (Retired), Head StartAyesha Rodriguez, 0-5 Manager, Dudley Street Neighborhood InitiativePeg Sprague,Senior Vice President for Community Impact, United Way of Massachusetts Bay* (Thrive in 5)Marie St. Fleur, President and Chief Executive Officer, Bessie Tartt Wilson Initiative for ChildrenJane Tewksbury, Esq., Executive Director,Thrive in 5* (Thrive in 5)Robert Triest, Vice President and Economist, Federal Reserve Bank of BostonEleonora Villegas-Reimers, Ed.D., Associate Professor of Education, Wheelock College*Steering Committee Member
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Christopher Byner, Interim Executive Director of Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF,) are pleased to announce the return of the citywide BCYF SUPERTeens Program for Boston youth ages 13-14.Sponsored by SUPERTOURS with support from BNY Mellon, youth in the SUPERTeens program will have the opportunity to attend weekly leadership development workshops, gain work experience in BCYF community centers and participate in scavenger hunt field trips to Bostons arts and cultural institutions.The program will run seven weeks beginning on July 7thand ending on August 22nd. The teens will work Monday through Thursday from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Participants must be at least thirteen years old on or before July 7Thto participate and will receive a stipend at the end of the summer for successful completion of the program. The application and other information can be found on BCYFs website athttp://www.cityofboston.gov/BCYF.Program goals include providing hands-on work experience and/or service experience for each youth, engaging youth in high-quality leadership development workshops based on BCYFs Youth Development Outcomes, and developing creative writing skills by teaching youth to share personal learning experiences in writing.The SUPERTeens Program runs out of the following eight BCYF community centers: BCYF Blackstone, 50 W. Brookline Street, South End BCYF Holland, 85 Olney Street, Dorchester BCYF Hyde Park, 1179 River Street, Hyde Park BCYF Mildred Avenue, 5 Mildred Avenue, Mattapan BCYF Roslindale, 6 Cummins Highway, Roslindale BCYF Shelburne, 2730 Washington Street, Roxbury BCYF Tobin, 1481 Tremont Street, Mission Hill and BCYF Vine Street, 339 Dudley Street, Roxbury. On the application, there is a section to select a preferred center.
This is a disgrace. These racist comments are not reflective of Boston, and are not reflective of Bruins fans. I've said before that the best hockey in the world happens when the Bruins and Canadiens play each other, and there is no room for this kind of ignorance here. Yesterday Mayor Coderre and I made a friendly wager on the series, and we closed the conversation by wishing each other the best. I would hope that fans on both sides would follow this example.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Montreal Mayor Denis Coderre today set a wager on who will win the Stanley Cup Quarterfinals. The two mayors agreed that the winning Mayor will host the losing Mayor for a visit, and the flag of the winning citys team will fly at the losing citys City Hall. Download high quality video/audio of the phone call for broadcast here:https://attachments.cityofboston.gov/?f=5621&fid=0166e351or view the phone call on YouTube here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=au7D-iqXXdI&noredirect=1The best hockey in the world happens when the Bruins and Canadiens play each other, and Im thrilled that as a result Mayor Coderre will soon be visiting our fair city, said Mayor Walsh. I want to welcome the Montreal fans who have traveled to Boston, and invite you to enjoy the shopping, restaurants, and historic sites the city has while youre here.I cant wait for Mayor Walsh to visit our great city, said Mayor Coderre. Sports brought us together and its the beginning of a great friendship and partnership.If the Boston Bruins win the Stanley Cup Quarterfinals, Mayor Coderre has agreed to travel to Boston. While Mayor Coderre is in Boston, Mayor Walsh will invite him to a Bruins game and take him on a tour around the city. In the event that the Montreal Canadiens defeat the Boston Bruins, Mayor Walsh will travel to Montreal to meet with Mayor Coderre.The visit between the two mayors will be an opportunity to share ideas across cultures and borders, spread regional awareness, encourage tourism between the two cities, and explore and trade notes on innovation.The Boston Bruins take on the Montreal Canadiens for the 34thtime in National Hockey League history. The first game of the seven-game series tonight will be played at 7:30 p.m. at the TD Garden in Downtown Boston.
OnSaturday, May 3, the City of Bostons Office of Emergency Management (OEM) will hostUrban Shield: Boston, a 24-hour regional training exercise that simulates large-scale public safety incidents in the Metro-Boston area.Urban Shield: Bostonwill begin at8 a.m. Saturdayand conclude at8 a.m. Sunday.The training will include approximately 2,000 personnel from: departments within the City of Boston (Boston Police, Boston Fire, EMS, OEM, and the Boston Public Health Commission) the Metro-Boston Homeland Security Region (MBHSR, which includes Cambridge, Chelsea, Everett, Quincy, Revere, Somerville, Brookline, and Winthrop) the Commonwealth of Massachusetts Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority and the Conference of Boston Teaching Hospitals.The exercise will assess the ability of public safety personnel to successfully respond to, and manage, multiple public safety threats and emergencies occurring simultaneously throughout the metro-Boston area.As we saw last year during the Boston Marathon attacks, our first responders are well trained to handle any situation, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Urban Shield: Bostonis a unique training exercise that enables our first responders to work collaboratively in a simulated environment so they can operate effectively in real-world scenarios.As first responder teams arrive from throughout Greater Boston, they will be assigned to deal with a series of 11 complex public safety scenarios based on past real-life events, including:Funding from the Urban Area Security Initiative grant program through the U.S. Department of Homeland Security has been appropriated with the goal of providing a multi-layered training exercise to enhance the skills and abilities of the regions first responders. Every aspect ofUrban Shield: Boston(planning, preparation and execution of the exercise) is managed by first responders in the MBHSR.Urban Shield: Bostonallows the Regions first responders to establish professional relationships with their partner agencies prior to an emergency, so the first time they are meeting is not during an active response, said Rene Fielding, Director of OEM.TheUrban Shield: Bostonexercise debuted in 2011 with the intent of validating emergency response investments in equipment and training through a series of contingency-based scenarios that reflect the current threat to public safety and security. The results of the exercise are evaluated by the MBHSR leadership and used to inform future procurements in equipment and training requirements.Urban Shield: Bostonwill run for a 24-hour period. As a result residents may observe public safety personnel responding to simulated emergencies. Each scenario will be run multiple times, and residents should not to be alarmed. There is no danger to anyone in the area, and exercises will be done in cordoned-off areas away from the public.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today presented his first speech at the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerces annual Government Affairs Forum. During the speech, he highlighted more than $2 billion of new investment approved by the Boston Redevelopment Authority (BRA) since the start of the year, and announced several new economic development and business innovation initiatives for his administration moving forward. The event brought together more than 500 executives in the regions business, non-profit, academic, and government sectors.I believe that relationships are vital to our economic outlook -- to be successful we need to build relationships with workers, communities, and businesses, said Mayor Walsh. ""I invite you to reach out to my administration to tell us how your industry works, what your business sector needs to thrive and create jobs in Boston, and how we can help solve the challenges your company faces.The initiatives that were announced will improve Bostons zoning process transform more than 300,000 square feet of city-owned property in Roxbury, Dorchester, and Mattapan emphasize immigration reform increase the Citys digital presence enhance the citys international innovation profile, and launch a new business incubator in Roxbury.Improved Zoning ProcessMayor Walsh has created a new position at the Boston Redevelopment Authority -- a Senior Advisor for Regulatory Reform -- to streamline the zoning and permitting process. The new role will identify areas where zoning policy can be amended to cut through the red tape that may be preventing new businesses from investing in Bostons neighborhoods and existing businesses from expanding, and will examine regulatory, licensing and permitting requirements that affect Boston's business and residential development of all scales, and make recommendations about how to make the process better for customers. A search for the individual to fill the role is underway.Transforming City-Owned LandThe Department of Neighborhood Development will transform more than 300,000 square feet of city-owned property into vibrant commercial space at eight sites across Roxbury, Dorchester, and Mattapan. The sites include Yeoman Hampden, Archer Bonnell, and 2147-2163 Washington Street in Roxbury, 719 Washington Street, 10-30 Bowdoin Street, 65 East Cottage Street, the Uphams Corner Comfort Station in Roxbury, and the Cote Ford Building in Mattapan. One of the parcels is in closing, two have entered the bidding process, and five are in the community process. The size of the sites range from small scale at 2,317 square feet to large scale at 119,945 square feet. Four smaller sites totaling 67,000 square feet will be on the market in May. Another four sites with 248,000 square feet are being reviewed by the community before being offered later this spring.Immigration ReformProfessionals from across the world want to live and work in Boston. Today Mayor Walsh committed to working with the Massachusetts Congressional delegation to to promote comprehensive immigration reform to welcome more newcomers and recruit new businesses from around the world.Innovation in BusinessTo continue driving Bostons spirit of innovation and collaboration, Mayor Walsh has created a Chief Digital Officer position that will reimagine and integrate the citys public interfaces, including the City of Boston website, TV station, and social media presence. The position, which will sit in the Citys Department of Information and Technology, will be filled after a national search, to be led by a steering committee currently in formation.A new, as-yet unnamed program to assist Boston startups will continue to raise the citys innovative profile. Mayor Walsh has announced that the City of Boston will serve as a convener to bring the startup community together with the rich resources of our city. This initiative, which will be located in the Economic Development cabinet, will help entrepreneurs to gain a better understanding of their businesses needs, struggles, and growth plans, as well as provide them with the necessary tools to succeedexperienced mentors, dedicated investors, and development strategies. A name for the initiative is currently being crowd-sourced in Bostons innovation community followers can tweet suggestions to #StartBostonUp.In addition, a business incubator will open in the Ferdinand Building in Dudley Square. Housed in the new headquarters of the Boston Public Schools alongside new retail and community space, the incubator will be approximately 4,000 square feet, and will serve as a resource for start-ups seeking assistance with business services such as location, permitting, capital access, and marketing. Locating the incubator in Dudley brings the economy of the future into the heart of Roxbury, helping Dudley Square take its place in Greater Bostons innovation ecosystem. "
Last week we celebrated the 118th running of the Boston Marathon. As always, it was a thrilling day. But this year, it was a little more special. We joined hands with survivors, first responders, and runners and we took back the finish line. Weve faced some challenges during my first months in office. But Ive never been more proud to be a public servant than I was last week.What we felt that day was the spirit of Boston.Its something that runs through the past, present, and future of our city. We rediscovered it at the Marathon. But it has been the heart of Boston all along.My goal as mayor is to nurture and grow that spirit of unity. We do that by building relationships: in the neighborhoods and in the schools across the State, the country, and the world.Im going to talk today about the relationships that are most vital to our economic prospects: the ones we are building with you, the leaders in our business and nonprofit community.I want to start by asking you to help me make sure we keep the spirit of Boston alive. Our young people need opportunities to get into the workplace, if they are to build the next Boston. And we need the next generation of Boston's leaders to reflect the full diversity of our city. For that reason, I ask you to support our youth summer jobs program. Yesterday my cabinet chiefs and I made phone-calls to many of the companies that dont currently participate. I want to thank you for listening to our pitch. And I want to thank those of you who participate already. Even if you can't hire teens right now, you can still change a young persons life, simply by making a donation. Just fill out one of the pledge cards on your table, or visit www.bostonsummerjobs.org. Youth employment transforms neighborhoods. And it is how we nurture the spirit of Boston.I want to talk a little bit about that spirit. Its a spirit of determination and resiliency. Its a spirit of ambition and teamwork. Its the spirit that has made us a global leader in education, in medicine, in finance, and in law. And its right here in this room: in the business leaders who drive us forward, and the nonprofit leaders who bring us together. Its in Fidelity Investments, which has grown from a single fund in 1946 into one of the biggest investment firms in the world. Its in Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts, helping families get health care for more than 75 years. And that's just to name two, among many.Ultimately the spirit of Boston is in all of you, who work to make our industries, our communities, and our city better every day. Boston was built by leaders, like you, who know how to collaborate and know how to innovate. Because innovation in Boston is more than a district and its more than an industry its a culture. Its a culture of solving problems and adapting to change. Its a culture that your organizations have nurtured and shared. Its what made us the city we are today.At City Hall, that spirityour spiritis guiding us in everything we do.We heard it on the campaign, and we heard it in the transition. Businesses and residents alike want certainty, transparency, and responsiveness in City government. Every developer deserves a fair hearing. Every neighborhood needs a voice. Permitting delays shouldnt disrupt good business plans. Prime locations shouldnt sit undeveloped. The process has to work for everyone.The companies that built Boston had to learn, change, and adapt. And cities do too. So thats what were doing.Two weeks ago we marked the 100thday of my administration. At a community center in East Boston, I talked about our many achievements: in job-creation, school reform, violence prevention, and good government. The same theme ran through all of them. Were bringing the spirit of community into City Hall like never before.Were bringing it to labor relations. The trust we established with our public employee unions has liberated our finances from an endless cycle of standoffs. Early on, we worked with multiple unions to expand weekend hours at our libraries. And now we have agreed on contracts with three public safety unions that will save the city many millions of dollars by avoiding arbitration. These savings will mean more money for our parks, our libraries, and our schools. There was no magic formulajust mutual respect. We showed that we respect public employees. And the unions showed that they respect the Citys finances.Were bringing that same spirit to workforce development. This month I announced the Life Science Internship Training Program. Its a partnership with UMass Boston. Students will enroll in online courses that prepare them for careers in the life sciences. It will connect these students with good jobs it will provide skilled labor for startups and it will boost our innovation economy.And were bringing it to economic policy. As KPMGs audit of the BRA nears completion, we have established a clear new structure of openness and accountability.John Barros, as chief of economic development, is responsible for recruiting new business and helping existing companies grow.BRA Director Brian Golden oversees real estate development, providing the steady hand we need to keep our growth on course.And I can announce today that we are creating a new position at the BRA, charged with making sure all our regulations facilitate, rather than hold up, business growth.These talented leaders are working closely together, and they are working closely with the community. From now on, everyone, in every company and in every neighborhood, will know who to talk to. And everyone will have a seat at the table.Our goal is to be just as customer-friendly as you are in your businesses. If you are looking for an opportunity to grow in the City of Boston, we are not your adversary we are your partner.The effect of this new tone is clear. We have green- lighted smart new development at an unprecedented rate. Growth is soaring, all over the city: in the Innovation District and Downtown in the South End and in Roxbury.It started with the expansion of the Landmark Center that will add a supermarket as well as residential and commercial capacity in the Fenway.Its continuing with mixed-use projects on the waterfront, where we are talking with Don Chiofaro about how to reimagine the Boston Harbor Garage and over the Mass Pike, where we are working with John Rosenthal on the Fenway Center. It will be the first air rights project built in Boston since the Kevin White administration.And were finally seeing the rebirth of Downtown Crossing. Last week we announced that Primark, a major international retailer, will move into four stories and 70 thousand square feet of space in the refurbished Burnham Building where Filenes once stood. Primark looked up and down the East Coast before deciding to make Boston its first U.S. location.In sum, the development we have moved forward since the beginning of the year represents more than $2 billion in new investment 5.7 million square feet of new space 2,800 new residential units and 6,700 new construction jobs. Thats more than twice the investment approved in the same period last year. Its a testament to what happens when you create transparency, and you build relationships.And theres more to come. Were looking to forge partnerships with developers on ambitious projects at neglected sites, such as the Winthrop Street Garage downtown. Never again should prime real estate in the heart of Boston sit unused. Bostons built environment should be the envy of the world.The numbers are impressive. And if you look closer, youll see a newly balanced and equitable kind of growth. Youll see our vision for the future of Boston. Its a vision that is inclusive that is international and that is innovative.Its inclusive, seeding growth in every neighborhood, and connecting our young people to career pathways. The Department of Neighborhood Development is transforming more than 300 thousand square feet of city-owned property into vibrant commercial space at 8 sites across Roxbury, Dorchester, and Mattapan.Its international, embracing newcomers and recruiting businesses from around the world. In the past month I have met twice with the dozens of foreign consuls stationed in Boston, building relationships that will foster foreign investment and tourism. Professionals from all over the world want to work and live in Boston. So please join me as I work with our Congressional delegation to promote comprehensive immigration reform. The energy of immigrants is a perennial source of our success.Finally, our vision is innovative. Weve seen how established businesses in Boston successfully navigate the global economy. Their leadership has stood the test of time and we will never take it for granted. Like them, we are embracing the high tech the life sciences and the creative industries that are on the cutting edge of change.Were well on our way to making this vision a reality. But theres much more to be done. We are bringing together established businesses, entrepreneurs, venture capital funders, and community partners. They are showing us how to turn our vision for Boston into the economy of the future. We have learned that we need upgrades: to our policy, our infrastructure, and our culture. Im pleased to be able to announce some initiatives today that will do just that.First, the City itself must be at the forefront of innovation. So we are creating a new position of Chief Digital Officer. Were looking for a dynamic leader to enhance our position as the nations most digitally connected city. The internet is now the front door to city government, where businesses and residents go to get things done. The CDO will remake our website, our TV station, and all of our digital assets into global models of excellence in civic engagement.Second, we need startups to succeed and we need them to stay and grow in Boston. So we are convening a community to support and market the innovation happening throughout Boston. We have all the ingredients: revolutionary startups, experienced mentors, dedicated investors. But we need to bring them together. And we need to get their message out to the world. We will put together a team of business development and marketing leaders who will do just that. Yesterday on social media we launched a competition to crowd-source the name of this new initiative. Whatever the name, our goal is clear. We all share a vested interest in supporting Bostons startup community and building Bostons startup brand.Third, our vision encompasses every community. Im pleased to announce that we will be opening a new business incubator in the Ferdinand Building in Dudley Square. We have moved forward with exciting plans for this historic building. It will house the new headquarters of the Boston Public Schools, as well as retail and community space. But I see an opportunity to go further. I want to bring the economy of the future to the heart of Roxbury. This great neighborhood will join Kendall Square, Longwood, and the South Boston Waterfront as the next hub in Greater Bostons innovation ecosystem.Finally, we must prepare our young people to be the leaders of the next generation. So we are developing a strategic plan to make the Boston Public Schools the premier digital district in the nation by the year 2020. This spring, we brought 10,000 mobile devices to our classrooms. But theres much more to be done. Our Office of New Urban Mechanics is supporting BPS in this work. And we hope our students can count on the entire community to rally around this goal.Our young people will build the Boston of tomorrow. But they wont start from scratch. The great city they inherit was built by the folks in this room. You did it with foresight, risk-taking, and leadership. You are sitting here today because you know how to adapt, change, and grow. Thats the resilience we need to preserve and pass on.So let me close by telling you a story of three Boston companies.Liberty Mutual was founded in 1912 by a handful of Boston employers, to pool their insurance costs. Today Liberty Mutual has more than 50 thousand employees worldwide, and brings in nearly $40 billion annually. It is still headquartered right here, on Berkeley Street and is one of our great corporate citizens.Wayfair was founded in 2002, in an apartment in the South End. Nee-raj Shah and Steve Conine were old college friends who started by selling home magazine stands online. Now Wayfair is the largest online home goods retailer in the world, with sales of $1 billion expected this year. Their headquarters on Huntington Ave. is a paragon of progressive workspace.The third company I want to talk about hasnt been founded yetat least not officially. Its an idea shared by two college seniors somewhere in Boston. Theyre looking into getting an apartment with friends after graduation, and theyve talked about moving to other cities. But they know international students here who are the best coders theyve ever met. They enjoy our nightlife, and they are taking advantage of the Late Night T Pilot.They have the seeds of next transformative business model in their hands. What will it take for them to start their company in Boston? And what will it take for them to grow that company in Boston?They need what Liberty Mutual needed, and what Wayfair needed. They need what your companies need.We are that partner, and working with you, we will meet those needs. So join me on the ground floor of this company. Stand with me, so one day we can say we were there, together, when this vision for Bostons future took flight.My door is open. And my Administration is dedicated to building relationships. With workers. With communities. With businesses. With everyone.In the past, businesses didnt hear from City Hall until they were thinking about leaving town. No more. We want to talk to you now, about how we can solve the challenges your company faces. You have the expertise we need: to understand how your industry can continue to create good jobs in Boston.Help me make Boston even better. Because this isnt about who gets credit. It isnt about old and new. Its about the spirit of Boston, and how it inspires our shared vision for the city we love. Thank you, and I look forward to taking your questions.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that Ken Brissette will serve as Bostons new Director of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment. The announcement was made this past Saturday evening, at the 2014 Mens Event to benefit Fenway Health.Im pleased to welcome Ken Brissette to the economic development team, said Mayor Walsh. Brissette has the experience and public and private sector contacts to attract new energy and investment in the City of Boston and invite the world to experience our city.Im honored and excited to market such a lively and robust city, said Brissette. Boston is already host to hundreds of top notch events, but there are more opportunities to bring new attractions that will further enliven the City.In his role, Brissette will work to bring major athletic and cultural events, conventions and conferences to Boston, and aggressively market the City nationally and internationally. The newly-created position is reflective of Mayor Walshs campaign promise to separate the Citys tourism strategy from its arts and culture strategy so each can focus on their respective missions.Brissette brings more than a decade of municipal marketing and tourism experience to the job. Since 2007 Brissette has served as the Chief Operating Officer of the Massachusetts Office of Travel & Tourism. In his position he worked with the Massachusetts Sports Partnership and Greater Boston Convention & Visitors Bureau to attract the NCAA Mens Lacrosse Championship, the Womens Frozen Four, the National Governors Conference, and the annual Gay & Lesbian Travel conference to Massachusetts, boosting the states national and international visitor profile.Brissette also has experience inside the tourism industry. From 1995-2001 he worked at several companies focused on travel industry marketing, management and business development. In these positions he developed tour programs, and directed tours throughout the South Pacific, Canada, and the United States.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a calendar of special events for National Historic Preservation Month this May under the theme of ""Buildings and Grounds."" The City will host a variety of tours, talks and exhibits that celebrate and promote Bostons history, architecture, archaeology, and historic neighborhoods. The full calendar of events for National Historic Preservation Month is available at:http://www.cityofboston.gov/landmarks/pdfs/2014_Preservation_Month.pdf.""Bostons historic buildings and landscapes enrich our neighborhoods. They enhance the daily experiences of our residents and visitors,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I hope residents and visitors alike will take advantage of all the excellent programming were offering this month.""On Thursday, May 1, Mayor Walsh will host a keynote event to kick off National Historic Preservation Month. The event will take place at the historic Taj Boston Hotel, overlooking the Public Garden. The event will feature a lecture entitled ""Mated for Life: Boston and the Swan Boats,"" presented by Lyn Paget, the fourth generation of Boston's Swan Boats operators. Paget will share how her great-grandparents introduced the Swan Boats to the Public Garden in 1877, and discuss the origins of the now-familiar swan imagery, relate interesting facts and anecdotes, explain how the vessels are operated and maintained, and offer her unique perspective on a historic Boston icon. The event is co-sponsored by the City of Boston's Department of Parks & Recreation, Friends of the Public Garden, the Back Bay Association, Taj Boston, and The Swan Boats of Boston. Space is limited pre-registration is required. Interested attendees can emailtonya.loveday@boston.govto pre-register.In addition to hosting a keynote program, the staff of the Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) will offer free walking tours and presentations in all nine local historic districts in the City. Offerings include tours and events in Charlestown, Back Bay, Beacon Hill, Fort Point, and the South End. BLC staff will also host a special midday tour series titled ""Tour de Grounds,"" featuring stops at coffee houses downtown and in historic districts throughout the City.""Bostons buildings and grounds are inextricably linked,"" said Nancy L. Girard, Commissioner of Environment. ""Combined, they create a unique urban landscape that continues to be shaped by the Citys development and enjoyed by residents and visitors alike.""The Boston Landmarks Commission was established in 1975 to identify and protect historic buildings, structures, areas and sites, review development and demolition activities affecting older properties, provide public information and assistance related to preservation and archaeology, and provide staff support to the local Historic District Commissions. There are over 8,000 properties within local Historic Districts or designated as individual Boston Landmarks by the Commission.The City is pleased to partner with organizations across the City to offer a wide array of events focusing on Bostons unique architectural and historic landscape heritage. The BLCs Preservation Month Calendar has more than 60 pages of activities, and is also available in print version from the Boston Landmarks Commission."
The Boston Board of Election Commissioners reminds voters that there will be a Special State Election in the Fifth Suffolk Representative District on Tuesday, April 29. The Massachusetts House of Representatives called for the election in the Fifth Suffolk Representative District in order to fill a vacancy caused by the expulsion of Carlos Tony Henriquez. Evandro Carvalho was nominated as the Democratic Partys nominee for this seat in a Special Primary held on April 1, 2014. There was no Republican nominee for this office.The FifthSuffolk District is comprised of 20 precincts. For a full list of precincts involved in this election, please see the website:www.boston.gov/elections.Polls will open in the City of Boston on Tuesday, at 7AM, and close at 8PM. Any voter with questions regarding his/her registration may contact the Election Department at 617-635-3767 or via our website:www.boston.gov/elections.The Election Commission also reminds voters inWard 17, Precincts 1who have been voting at the Codman Square Tech Center, that they will be voting at Roxbury Prep (former Lucy Stone School, 22 Regina Road) on April 29, due to a scheduling conflict at the Tech Center. First class mailings have been sent to voters in these precincts informing them of the location change.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the City of Boston's Department of Public Works (DPW) today announced a major investment of $3.1 million in Uphams Corner Main Street to improve area streets, sidewalks, and public spaces.The project will increase pedestrian and traffic safety, and provide well-marked signage to enhance the visibility of local landmarks.Improving our commercial districts as cultural icons are top priorities for my administration, said Mayor Walsh. This investment gives more reasons for the people of this community to come out and enjoy all that Uphams Corner has to offer.Uphams Corner Main Street is a commercial district serving approximately 14,000 neighborhood residents, 134 businesses, commuters, and local employees. The project begins on Columbia Road from Davern Street through Hamlet Street.Public investments include:Other private investments in the neighborhood will include a new restaurant, which will replace a long-term vacancy next to the Strand Theater, and a 60unit mixed-income housing development in the former St. Kevins Church property.
Looking for a great summer job? Boston youth ages 16-18 are invited to apply now for the BCYF Snap Shot Teen Photography Program.Made possible via a partnership between Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) and the John Hancock MLK Summer Scholars Program, the BCYF Snap Shot program teaches youth about photography while they take photo safaris exploring Bostons neighborhoods, museums and historic sites. The young people also photograph many BCYF community centers, programs and events.Every week the teacher chooses a topic/style in photography and teaches the youth different techniques, equipment and conceptual aspects in relationship to it. They also introduce them to a variety of professional photographers that are well-known in that specific style. The youth look at books and websites and visit exhibitions in art galleries and museums around town. At the same time, they take daily field trips to different neighborhoods in Boston where they follow assignments in which they try to photograph according to that style. At the end of the summer, their work will be showcased at an exhibition.The program will run from Monday, July 7ththrough Friday, August 22nd. Participants will work 20 hours each week. Interested young people can apply by visitinghttp://www.cityofboston.gov/BCYFand clicking the summer link for the application.
The Boston Transportation Department is reminding drivers that City of Boston-issued resident parking permits for the Back Bay will expire on Saturday, May 31, 2014. Notices have been sent to current permit holders advising them of the process for renewing their permits by mail, on-line, or in person at City Hall. To further ensure the convenience of the resident parking permit process, residents may also renew an existing permit, or apply for a new permit, at Bostons City Hall to Go truck, which will be stationed in the neighborhood each week during the month of March.The City Hall to Go trucks upcoming schedule is as follows.Back Bay:To renew a resident parking permit at the truck, residents must make available their current permit number, the license plate number, and the make of their vehicle. If renewing for a leased vehicle or company car, the current Massachusetts motor vehicle registration, indicating that the vehicle is principally garaged in Boston, must also be provided. To request a new permit, the resident must present a completed City of Boston resident parking permit application, the vehicles Massachusetts motor vehicle registration, and current proof of residency in the form of a major credit card bill, utility bill, or monthly bank statement with the same name and address as on the vehicle registration.In addition, to both renew and apply for a new resident parking permit, residents must first pay any overdue City of Boston parking violations. Payments may be made by telephone with MasterCard or Visa by dialing (617)-635-3888 via the web atwww.cityofboston.gov/parking or in person at the Office of the Parking Clerk, Room 224, Boston City Hall.Vehicles displaying a resident parking permits are allowed to park in spaces designated Resident Permit Parking Only. Vehicles parked in violation of the resident parking regulations are subject to a $40 fine.
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that David Sweeney will serve as Bostons next Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Collector-Treasurer. Sweeney brings nearly a decade of experience working in government finance, and most recently managed the financial operations of the Massachusetts State Lottery Commission, the countrys most successful lottery. He will replace Meredith Weenick, who has served in the position of CFO for the City of Boston since 2011.""I'm pleased to welcome David Sweeney as Boston's new Chief Financial Officer,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Im confident he will continue the Citys longstanding practices of fiscal prudence to ensure that Bostons overall financial health remains strong. Im also grateful for Meredith Weenicks service to the City of Boston, particularly during the transition period, and for her leadership in our first budget of the Walsh Administration.As CFO, Sweeney will serve as Cabinet Chief of Finance and Budget with oversight of the Assessing, Auditing, Budget, Purchasing, Treasury, and Registry Departments. His responsibilities will include: debt and investment management, financial reporting, budget development and oversight, tax administration, risk management, city-wide performance management, and the administration of enterprise-wide financial systems. The Collector-Treasurer is the custodian of over 300 City trust funds and is an ex-officio member of the Massachusetts Convention Center Authority Board.""Im honored to join Mayor Walshs team in this role, said Sweeney. Our shared vision for the Citys fiscal welfare will mean great things for Bostons long-term growth and stability.Since 2011, Sweeney has served as the Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Executive Director of the Massachusetts State Lottery Commission. During this time the organization experienced its two most successful years, generating $4.85 billion in sales in 2013 and returning $984 million in profit in 2012. In his position, Sweeney oversaw all accounting, procurement, budget, charitable gaming, auditing, asset management, licensing, and collections functions of the Lottery. He led efforts to reform purchasing, institute a capital program, increase staff accountability, and enhance transparency at the agency.Beginning in 2005, Sweeney worked for the House Committee on Ways and Means, serving as a Budget Analyst, focused on public safety issues. Within two years, he was elevated to Budget Director, where he was responsible for assembling the $30 billion annual state budget. In this role, and later as Chief Fiscal Policy Advisor to the Speaker of the House, Sweeney developed legislation dealing with municipal health insurance reform and economic development initiatives, among other issues. His time as Budget Director included the largest recession since the Great Depression, during which time the Legislature implemented diverse solutions to achieve balanced budgets, while implementing reforms across state government that better positioned the state for future economic downturns, pulled the Commonwealth out of the recession faster than the nation as a whole, and eventually led to an upgrade to the Commonwealths credit rating."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today hosted the first-ever New England regional summit to address gun trafficking, bringing together mayors, municipal officials, law enforcement, subject matter experts, and community partners to discuss leadership commitments to combat gun trafficking through regional partnerships. Todays summit addressed three major areas: the need for full and effective law enforcement investigations the kickoff of important research on illegal gun trafficking and drug patterns in Boston that will lay the groundwork for future action and the proposed creation of a New England Regional Crime Gun Center.Today were establishing a bold and united new front in the battle against gun violence in Boston and across New England, Mayor Walsh said. We are all heretogetherbecause we understand that the illegal trafficking of crime guns is a regional problem that demands a regional solution. Lawbreakers dont respect borders. And more than that, they take advantage of our different jurisdictions to move the guns, the money, and the drugs that are involved in violent crime.The day-long summit included a wide range of sessions: a panel discussion with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) and the United States Attorneys Office research presentations on Bostons illegal gun markets and online gun sales a roundtable discussion on gun trafficking with city and town officials alegislation updateand an hour-long discussion with community partners.Day in and day out, we see too many illegal guns on our streets, not just in Boston but across the region, said Police Commissioner William Evans. It is very important for us to come together to adopt a regional approach. Everyone must do their part to keep guns out of the wrong hands and continue the conversations that will help suppress gun violence.Grant to fund study of illegal gun trafficking in BostonMayor Walsh announced that the Program in Criminal Justice at Harvard University will conduct a detailed study on illegal gun trafficking in Boston. The study will be led by Professor Anthony Braga, who has worked for more than 20 years on violent crime issues in Boston, and will be supported by a $214,000 grant from Everytown for Gun Safety, Fund for a Safer Future, and the Rappaport Institute for Greater Boston.Understanding the nature of a problem is critical for developing appropriate responses to it, Professor Anthony Braga said. The little we know about how illegal guns end up in the wrong hands in Boston is dated and anecdotal. Effective crime gun policy needs to be informed by timely and accurate scientific evidence, and this study aims to provide that.Braga will work in close partnership with the Boston Police Department and in consultation with the US Attorneys Office and ATF. He will work in the Boston neighborhoods most affected by gun violence to better understand how criminals, juveniles, and other high-risk people acquire illegal guns on our streets. There is only so much that mayors and other local officials can do to protect their cities from guns trafficked across state lines  in fact, 90 percent of the guns found at crime scenes in New York City were originally bought out of state and brought to the city illegally, said John Feinblatt, president of Everytown for Gun Safety and policy advisor to former New York City Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg. Everytown is proud to support research that will help us understand how guns are being trafficked in New England so we can crack down on this activity across the country and keep our communities safe.The study will use a variety of data and methods to answer questions such as where illegal guns come from and how illegal guns are acquired on Bostons streets. The study is intentionally designed to make concrete policy recommendations on how the City can reduce the flow of illegal guns to high-risk individuals. A number of legislative, regulatory, enforcement, and community-based interventions will be identified and considered as a result of the study.The Boston study will also provide a roadmap to help other jurisdictions in New England understand the nature of their illegal gun problems. Much of the Boston work will be used to inform a regional approach to shutting down cross-jurisdictional pipelines of drugs and guns. Professor Braga and his team will also be part of this regional effort and will provide analytical guidance to participating cities.Proposed Creation of New England Regional Crime Gun CenterMayor Walsh called on summit attendees to create a working group to support planning for a New England Regional Crime Gun Center. The center will be a centralized location for tracing and analyzing crime guns to disrupt regional gun trafficking networks and better position law enforcement to hold violent gun criminals accountable. Centralizing this information increases efficiencies, overcomes statutory restrictions, and ensures that trafficking leads are directed to the appropriate investigators. The members of the Working Group will be tasked with outlining and establishing the New England Regional Crime Gun Center and formalizing policy for the sharing and distribution of data and data analysis amongst regional stakeholders.Regional Gun Trafficking Summit Attendees
Boston Public Library hosts May author talks at the Central Library in Copley Square and branch locations and continues its Lowell Lecture Series with appearances from childrens literature expert Maria Tatar, Rotten Ralph and Joey Pigza series author Jack Gantos, and a panel discussion of authors, scholars, and experts detailing childrens various paths to reading. The Local & Family History Lecture SeriesBoston's Changing Neighborhoods: History and Genealogyconcludes this month with lectures that focus on mining family research, tips for accessing local archives, and the migration of residents of Bostons neighborhoods to the suburbs during the twentieth century.Programming highlights in May include:The complete schedule of upcoming events at Boston Public Library locations is available atwww.bpl.org/calendar.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
New in 2014, the City of Boston's Department of Public Works (DPW) is adding four summer collections of leaf and yard waste to its spring and fall yard waste collection program. DPW will collect residents yard waste curbside and it will be composted.Springcollectionruns for four weeks fromApril 28 to May 23. Summercollectionwill be during the weeks ofJune 16,July 14,August 11, andSeptember 15. Fallcollectionruns for seven weeks, fromOctober 13 to November 28.Collection Instructions:Learn More About Yard Waste CollectionLook-up Your Trash & Recycling Days
Boston Public Librarys 2014 Lowell Lecture Series welcomes Diary of a Wimpy Kid series author and illustrator Jeff Kinney onSunday, April 27, at 2 p.m. Kinney will speak in Rabb Lecture Hall at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street. The Lowell Lecture Series runs through May and features beloved authors and illustrators, noted scholars in the childrens literature field, and experts who bring the love of writing and reading to children in groundbreaking ways.The Diary of a Wimpy Kid series has more than 120 million copies in print in 44 countries around the world. The ninth book in the series is scheduled for release on November 4, 2014. The month of April is designated as Wimpy Kid Month, and Kinney will not only celebrate the month at the Boston Public Library on April 27 but will reveal the cover of book nine in a webcastthe next morning, Monday, April 28,at 9 a.m.Diary of a Wimpy Kidwon Favorite Book at the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards four times, and Kinney was twice voted Author of the Year at the Children's Choice Book Awards. Kinney was named one ofTimemagazine's 100 Most Influential People in the World and is the creator of Poptropica.com, a virtual world for kids.All Lowell Lectures take place in Rabb Lecture Hall at the Central Library in Copley Square. Book sales and signings follow the lectures, and readers of all ages are invited to ask questions of the speakers. The full schedule and video highlights from past lectures in the series are available atwww.bpl.org/lowell. The Lowell Lecture Series is generously sponsored by the Lowell Institute, established in 1836 with the specific mission of making great ideas accessible to all people, free of charge.The series is presented in partnership with the Boston Public Library Foundation, which provides funding for programs such as this for all ages, expanded resources for the library system, and restored and improved spaces, all in the name of advancement of learning.Boston Public Librarys Lowell Lecture Series continues in May with an appearance by Maria Tatar. Fans of folklore will enjoy Tatars lecture onThursday, May 1, at 6 p.m.She is the author ofClassic Fairy Tales,The Annotated Brothers Grimm,The Annotated Peter Pan, andEnchanted Hunters: The Power of Stories in Childhoodand contributes frequently to theNew Yorkerand theNew York Times. Tatar is the John L. Loeb Professor of Germanic Languages and Literatures at Harvard University, where she chairs the program in Folklore and Mythology. She is currently at work on a volume of African American folktales.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh reflected on his first 101 days in office, outlining the work of his new administration and the transition from the campaign trail to a series of initiatives and plans forBostonthat will drive policies and neighborhood investments of the next several years.Todays event was held in the gym at the BCYF Paris Street Community Center in East Boston, which will undergo a $10 million renovation as laid out in Mayor Walshs FY 15-19 budget. Neighborhood investments like these are core to shaping the vision ofBostonmoving forward.Im energized by the work that has been done and the support we have received in my first 101 days, said Mayor Walsh. This is only the beginning of a partnership between my administration and the citizens of Boston, as we work to make Boston a city where everyone can succeed. In the past 101 days, we spent time listening and we learned peoples values and their needs. And now, we lead, invested with the confidence that comes from having the right facts and a great plan.In his first 101 days Mayor Walsh and his administration began work to fulfill campaign promises, and identified five priority areas for his administration, including strengthening the economy, improving public safety, ensuring that Boston Public Schools enable every child to succeed, increasing accessibility and transparency in city government, and serving all of Bostons neighborhoods and residents.The 101 Day report is available at:http://www.cityofboston.gov/mayor/A social media campaign reviewing the first 101 days of the Walsh Administration launches today onnext.cityofboston.gov, and will feature multimedia posts over the next two weeks. Follow hashtag #walsh101 for updates.Todays event also marked the release of 12 Transition Committee reports, which were prepared by hundreds of experts and community leaders called on by Mayor Walsh to collaborate and develop policy recommendations in a dozen crucial areas, including Arts and Culture, Basic City Services, Economic Development, Education, Energy, Environment, and Open Space, Housing, Human Services, Inspectional Services, Intergovernmental Relations, Public Safety, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Youth. Several public hearings, drawing hundreds of attendees, were held to solicit community feedback for the reports. The Transition Committee findings were presented to Mayor Walsh, his relevant cabinet and departmental leadership, and his mayoral policy team.The 12 Transition Committee Reports are prepared and available online at:http://www.cityofboston.gov/mayor/The results of the first 101 days of the administration were recently demonstrated as Mayor Walsh delivered a $2.7 billion Operating Budget for Fiscal Year 2015 and a five-year, $1.9 billion capital plan on April 7. The capital plan, highlighted at todays event, identifies 319 new and continuing projects and proposes $286.8 million in new project authorizations. These investments are core to funding possibility and the future ofBoston.This year, East Boston will see more than $35M of investment. In addition to the BCYF Paris Street Community Center, other construction projects scheduled to start this yearinclude renovations at the Paris Street Playground, a reconstruction ofCentral Square, the construction of the final segment of the East Boston Greenway, a full replacement of the East Boston Stadium Field turf, repairs to the Engine 5 Fire station, and the replacement of the roof at the Umana School.Construction is already underway to reopen the Alighieri School Building, and to renovate both the American Legion Playground and LoPresti Playground.
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that Jerome Smith will join the City of Boston as the Director of the Office of Neighborhood Services. In this role, Smith will oversee the neighborhood coordinators, helping to facilitate the delivery of services in collaboration with city departments to benefit Boston residents.Jerome is a skilled professional who brings a wealth of knowledge and experience in dealing with neighborhood issues, large and small, said Mayor Walsh. With his diverse background, I know he will work tirelessly to better the living experience in our Boston communities. Im extremely pleased that he is joining our team.In addition to oversight of the Office of Neighborhood Services, Smith will serve as Mayor Walshs advisor on various efforts to preserve and enhance the quality of neighborhoods, develop and administer neighborhood partnership activities, and resolve problems related to code enforcement.In 2002, Smith joined the Office of Mayor Thomas M. Menino as a liaison to the LBGT Community and representative of LBGT interests. Later, Smith served as the Chief of Staff for City Councilor Michael P. Ross, overseeing day-to-day operations, conducting research on various policy initiatives, and negotiating district priorities. Smith currently serves as Chief of Staff to Senate President Therese Murray, responsible for all aspects of management within the Massachusetts Senate.Smith is a 1999 graduate of the University of Connecticut, where he earned his Bachelors Degree in sociology. He currently resides in Dorchester.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh has asked for Boston residents help in beautifying the city for Spring. This year marks the twelfth year of Boston Shines, the Citys annual volunteer Spring clean-up. This year, the event has been extended across three weekends, and will bring together more than 5,000 volunteers, including businesses, community groups, and residents to clean up after this year's harsh winter.It was a long, tough winter, Mayor Walsh said. But the days are getting longer and its time for Spring cleaning. Boston belongs to all of us, and Im encouraging residents in all our neighborhoods to come out and volunteer to Scrub the Hub and help make Boston even more beautiful. When we work together across the city, we improve the quality of life for all Boston residents. Im looking forward to working with my neighbors to make Boston shine.The City of Boston will be expanding Boston Shines volunteer opportunities while focusing on four service areas: physical service, university engagement, youth development, and creating opportunities to help unite neighbors and communities. Through Boston Shines, Mayor Walsh seeks to increase volunteerism and civic engagement across the city, improve the quality of life for all Boston residents, and help demonstrate the Citys solidarity working together to make one Boston.Representatives from the Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services will call upon constituents to help each other bring vibrancy back to the parks, sidewalks, school yards, and streets. Brooms, shovels, and other tools will be provided by the City and distributed at one of the hundreds of sites that have been identified for cleaning.This year, Boston Shineswill take place over three weekends in April and May:Individuals, Groups, and Organizations can sign up now at the following link:http://www.cityofboston.gov/ons/bostonshines/register.aspFor more information, participants can call the Office of Neighborhood Services at617-635-3485, or the Mayors 24-Hour Hotline(617-635-4500) on weekends and after-hours.
This festival of sports and enrichment activities encourages girls to have fun while making new friends, trying out a new sport and learning to stay fit. There are also several wellness workshops on a variety of topics during the week and a few special guests will stop by and speak with the girls. This free festival takes place Tuesday-Friday, April 22-25, from 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. at the BCYF Recreation Center at Madison Park and the Reggie Lewis Track & Athletic Center at Roxbury Community College.Activities the girls will be able to try for the first time or enhance their skills at include basketball, bicycling, double-dutch, rookie rugby, step dance, swimming, tennis, yoga, intro to rock climbing and track. Sample health and wellness workshop topics include Healthy Relationships, Personal Care, Nutrition, Dating Violence & Substance Abuse Prevention, Self-Expression, Cyber Safety, and Entrepreneurship.Lunch is provided daily or girls can bring their own lunch with them in the morning. This festival is free thanks to the support of our partners and sponsors the Reggie Lewis Track & Athletic Center at Roxbury Community College, Stop&Shop, the Boston Police Athletic League and Boston Bikes. More information, including a registration form, is available at boston.gov/bcyf.
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh joined Boston Main Street Directors, city officials, and community leaders in Roslindale Village to highlight increased funding for Bostons 20 Main Street Districts. As outlined inMayor Walshs FY15 budget, released this week, Main Streets District funding will increase by $400,000 over last year, with each Main Streets District receiving $75,000 annually from the City -- a 30 percent increase.Investing in our Main Streets districts preserves and protects our neighborhood commercial centers, and helps our small businesses thrive, grow, and adapt to the changing economy, said Mayor Walsh. Access to a variety of retail in neighborhoods is critical to maintaining robust and connected communities.Main Streets Districts programs across Boston offer varying business support services and programs, often unique to the needs of each district. Recent programs have included enhanced cleanliness programs, storefront improvement programs, promotional events, farmers markets, and social media training events. The increased funding will be used to implement innovative new programs to continue the critical support work.The Roslindale Village Main Street District was the first urban Main Street District in the country. With more than a dozen ethnic grocers, bakeries, small family restaurants, and specialty shops, it is a shopping and food destination for the community and the Greater Boston area. The increase in funding will enable Roslindale Village Main Streets to explore potential programs such as a year-round model for theirSaturdayfarmers market, which currently attracts more than 3,000 people on Saturdays throughout the spring and summer.Mayor Walsh identified the increased funding in his $2.7 billion Operating Budget for fiscal year 2015. Other planned projects in Bostons Main Streets Districts include free public WiFi, anda new partnership between the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics and the Department of Neighborhood Developmentthat will invest in neighborhood innovation and incubator space, funding for programs such as crowdsourcing to identify community need, and other resources to look at challenges such as access to capital and the wayvacant storefronts are filled with new potential businesses.About Boston Main StreetsThere are more than4,000businesses across Bostons 20 Main Streets Districts. The Boston Main Streets initiative was created in 1995, as the first urban, multi-district Main Streets program in the nation, with the goal of establishing thriving commercial districts throughout the city. Named by the Pew Partnership for Civic Change as one of 19 Solutions for America, Boston Main Streets continues to empower individuals in both the small business sector and residents to have a direct role in the economic health, physical appearance, and development of their own community. Today, Boston Main Streets provides funding and technical assistance to 20 neighborhood-based Main Streets districts throughout the City of Boston and has served as a national model to urban areas seeking to revitalize neighborhood commercial districts including Baltimore, Washington, D.C., Milwaukee, Detroit, and New Orleans.Districts include:Allston Village Main Streets, Brighton Main Streets, Chinatown Main Street, Dudley Square Main Streets, East Boston Main Streets, Egleston Square Main Street, Fields Corner Main Street, Four Corners Main Street, Greater Grove Hall Main Streets, Hyde/Jackson Square Main Street, Hyde Park Main Streets, JP/Centre South Main Streets, Mission Hill Main Streets, Mattapan Square Main Streets, Roslindale Village Main Street, St Marks Area Main Street, Uphams Corner Main Street, Washington Gateway Main Street, and West Roxbury Main Streets.
"Teams of leaders in government and the private sector have worked for months to develop these plans to ensure a safe and successful series of events.A Boston Marathon Tribute will be held at the Hynes Convention Center on Tuesday, April 15 to honor those affected by last year's events, including those who lost lives, survivors, and first responders. The 118th running of the Boston Marathon will take place on Monday, April 21.*Public Safety*- Boston Police Department (BPD) will have an increased presence of uniformed and undercover officers along the marathon route.- Over 100 cameras have been installed along the Boston portion of the Marathon route, and upwards of 50 observation points will be set up around the finish line area in the Back Bay to monitor the crowd.- Spectators are encouraged to leave large items such as backpacks and strollers at home. These items are not banned however, individuals may be subject to search.- Text ""Boston"" to 69050 to report suspicious activity and call 9-1-1 in an emergency situation. Follow @bostonpolice for race safety updates.*Emergency Medical Services*- 13 ambulances will be located along the Boston portion of the race route to support the 24 ambulances providing service coverage throughout Boston.- 140 Boston EMS personnel will be located along the Boston portion of the race route on bicycles, utility vehicles, foot patrol, and in medical tents, in addition to the crews covering the rest of the City.- There will be four medical tents on the Boston portion of the route. The capacity of each tent has been increased this year to accommodate the increased number of runners. The largest medical tent near the finish line can accommodate up to 220 individuals with extra space to deploy additional cots. An overflow tent will be on standby.- Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) will have a small medical station on the Boston Common with a 30-bed ambulance bus ready to deploy.*Emergency Communications*- Boston EMS will have personnel assigned to a coordination center at the State Emergency Operation Center in Framingham and the City of Boston Emergency Operations Center (EOC) monitoring the race.- BPHC will have increased staffing at the Dispatch Operations Center and Central Medical Emergency Dispatch (CMED) Center where ambulance to hospital communication throughout metropolitan Boston is coordinated.- The Stephen M. Lawlor Medical Intelligence Center will be activated to coordinate activities among hospitals and assist with family reunification.- The City of Boston's EOC will be available to provide situational awareness, resource support, and coordination for the response and recovery in the event of an emergency, and will be staffed with senior representatives from City and state agencies, and non-profit partners like the Red Cross and Salvation Army.*Street Closures & Traffic Advisories*- On Marathon Monday, Newbury Street and Huntington Avenue outbound will be closed to vehicle traffic to allow easier spectator movement in the area.- It is recommended that the public use the MBTA to travel to and from Boston on Marathon Monday.- Vehicle traffic will be prohibited and parking will be restricted on many streets in Boston in the days leading up to the Boston Marathon and on Marathon Monday.*Trauma Counseling**Please see attached release from BPHC for full trauma counseling information.*- The Mayor's Health Line, reachable at 617-534-5050, will be staffed with clinicians to offer phone-based counseling the week leading up to Marathon Monday. Hours of operations are from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., and clinicians will return any messages left after hours on the following day.- On Marathon Monday, the Mayor's Health Line will be staffed with clinicians from 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. In-person drop-in counseling will be offered during the same time that day at Our Lady of Victories Church, located at 27 Isabella Street near Copley Square."
To kick-off the upcoming Centre/Hyde/Jackson Design Projects, the Boston Transportation Department is hosting a community meeting to encourage the participation of Jamaica Plain neighborhood residents and business representatives. The meeting will be held at the Hennigan Community Center, 200 Heath Street, Jamaica Plain, on Monday, April 28, from 6 to 8:30 PM.The Centre/Hyde/Jackson Design Projects are a part of the larger Centre and South Streets Streetscape and Transportation Action Plan developed in 2010. The Action Plan proposes a vision to sustain and enhance Centre and South Streets unique identity and details streetscape guidelines for planning future projects.The April 28thmeeting will discuss designs proposed in the Action Plan that take into consideration issues such as sidewalk size, crosswalks, landscaping and traffic along Centre and South Streets. Vineet Gupta, BTDs Director of Policy and Planning, will conduct the meeting along with BTD Project Manager Rachel Szakmary, Jamaica Plain Mayors office of Neighborhood Services Coordinator Julieanne Doherty, and the citys design consultants.All Jamaica Plain residents and business owners are urged to attend.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that this spring, five million dollars will be made available to build housing in the City of Boston. The funds will come from the Citys Inclusionary Development Fund, and are being made available after a comprehensive review of that funds finances and fiscal controls.For Boston to continue to grow and thrive, we need to ensure that everyone in Boston, regardless of their economic situation, has a place to call home, Mayor Walsh said. The ability to put out these funds is the result of the hard work of many people pulling together to review the Inclusionary Development Program. I am pleased that we have not only completed a comprehensive financial review, but that we have also implemented administrative changes that mean that these funds will be managed through a more open and transparent process.At Mayor Walshs direction, the City recently completed an exhaustive review of all the financial records of the BRAs Inclusionary Development Fund. The Inclusionary Development Policy requires developers of new housing with 10 or more units to set aside a portion of their units as below-market affordable housing, as a condition of receiving relief from the Boston Zoning Code. Currently, the policy requires that 15 percent of the market rate units in a development are to be set aside for affordable housing. In the 14 years since its inception, 1,479 new affordable units have been created as a result of this policy.Developers also have the option of making payments into an affordable housing fund, in lieu of producing the affordable units on-site. Currently, that payment must be no less than $200,000 per unit. In its 14-year history, a total of $58.1 million in funding has been collected by the BRA, of which $56.4 million has been spent on or committed to 54 affordable housing projects and programs. Another $43.1 million will be received in the next few years as developers with approved projects move into construction and start making payments. The Citys Department of Neighborhood Development has been tasked with establishing a new, transparent process for the disbursement of these funds, which had previously been held by the BRA. By June, DND expects to have $5 million on hand, which will be disbursed in a competitive funding round.In addition, several other administrative reforms are being implemented around management of the fund. The City of Bostons Treasury Department will now have a greater role in ensuring that developers pay their obligations in full and on time, and the fund will also now be subject to annual financial audits, to be performed by an independent third party. Future agreements with developers will also be jointly approved by the Director of the BRA and the Chief of Housing, ensuring that the interests of both the developer and the affordable housing sector are accommodated in any future deals. Mayor Walsh has tasked his recently-appointed Housing Task Force with a review of the Inclusionary Development Policy and recommendations for further reforms to make the policy work better for both developers and affordable housing providers.Mayor Walsh also announced today that in his first 100 days in office, the City reached a key landmark in housing development: permitting more than 1,000 units of new housing. The City reached the target with the announcement of permitting around the Watermark Seaport development in South Boston.We must keep our housing stock growing to keep pace with the Citys economic growth, said Mayor Walsh. We are going to continue to support strong, thoughtful development in the city, while addressing concerns of our residents around housing options across the City.The Walsh Administration set an internal working goal of permitting 1,000 units within the first 100 days in office. To date, since Mayor Walsh took office, the City has permitted 1,069 new units of housing. New housing across the city serving a wide range of incomes is now underway: 475 Albany Street will redevelop the old Teradyne parking lot in the South End into 378 new apartments including 38 affordable units Roxbury Crossing Senior Housing in Mission Hill will create 40 units of affordable elderly housing and the Saint Kevins redevelopment in Dorchester will create 80 new affordable apartments.Of the 1,069 new units permitted, 22 percent will be below-market affordable housing. Eighty-eight percent of the new units will be rental. In total, these projects will result in almost a half-billion dollars of private investment that will create hundreds of new construction jobs.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh has announced a search for Bostons next Poet Laureate and assembled a diverse and distinguished search committee. The Citys Poet Laureate is tasked with raising the status of poetry in the everyday consciousness of Bostonians, acting as an advocate for poetry, language and the arts, and creating a unique artistic legacy through public readings and civic events. The search committee will work to identify qualified candidates as well as review submitted applications for the position.Mayor Walsh has assembled a nine member panel from Bostons literary community to serve as the 2014 Poet Laureate Search Committee. All contribute in significant ways to City of Boston Poetry and Literature, and, reflect a variety of writing traditions, life experiences, and backgrounds.The Poet Laureate is a ceremonial appointment, and the chosen poet will be a significant fixture in Boston's cultural and artistic arena. He or she may learn, teach, and embody the great literary traditions of Boston, from Amy Lowell to Robert Pinsky. An RFP for interested poets will be posted online.Applications will be due May 23 and a poet laureate will be chosen on or about June 23.Sam Cornish is Bostons current Poet Laureate. Cornish has served in the position since the program was established in 2008, generating new opportunities for education, awareness, and the promotion of literacy through the beauty and excellence of poetry.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today the formation of an Ethics Committee, which will be tasked with reviewing any relevant changes to the Citys Ethics Policy, implementing a new Statement of Financial Interest for all City employees, creating continuing education programs around ethics issues, and analyzing existing practices and procedures. ""The City of Boston is fortunate to have an experienced and talented, diverse group of individuals to review and make recommendations about our ethics policies,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""They will work diligently to reassess our internal policies and procedures. All through the campaign, we talked about establishing an even stronger culture of ethical behavior and transparency in City government. The citizens of Boston and those who interact with our government should be absolutely confident that their government is working for them, at the highest ethical standards."" The Mayor has appointed the following individuals to the Ethics Committee: Eugene L. OFlaherty, Corporation Counsel for the City of Boston, will Chair the Committee. Prior to joining the City of Boston, Attorney OFlaherty served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives for seventeen years. He has been practicing law for 20 years.OFlaherty served for 12 years as Chair of the Judiciary Committee for the Massachusetts Legislature. During his 12-year tenure at the helm of the Judiciary Committee, OFlaherty was responsible for the drafting, implementation, review and strategy associated with the largest number of legislative proposals before the Massachusetts Legislature. He was the chief architect of the overhaul of impaired driving statutes, court reorganization legislation, stronger sex offender statutes, tougher penalties for violent habitual offenders, and CORI reform and human trafficking, while also repeatedly defeating attempts to reinstate the death penalty in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Elissa Flynn-Poppeyis a partner with Mintz Levin and Chair of the firms Government Law Practice Group. Prior to joining Mintz Levin, Flynn-Poppey served as Deputy Legal Counsel to the Governor of Massachusetts and was the Executive Director of the Judicial Nominating Commission.Flynn-Poppey previously worked for Congressman J. Joseph Moakley and was clerk to Judge Joseph Nolan of the Supreme Judicial Court. Flynn-Poppey has lectured and written extensively on ethics, campaign finance, public records law, lobbying, and open meeting law. She has also served as a Special Assistant Attorney General representing and defending various government entities. Peter Sturgesis a member of the Massachusetts Contributory Retirement Appeal Board and is the Chair of Common Cause Massachusetts.Sturges has been practicing law in the private and public sectors for over 35 years. His public service includes 10 years as General Counsel to the Office of Campaign & Political Finance and seven years as Executive Director of the Massachusetts State Ethics Commission. He also served as legal counsel to the Department of Mental Health, Department of Education and the Office for Children. Chancellor J. Keith Motleyis the eighth chancellor of the University of Massachusetts Boston. He oversees strategic planning initiatives to enhance the universitys academic offerings and research enterprise, grow enrollment to meet the increasing demand for a well-educated workforce, and build involvement in community service. Prior to appointment as chancellor, Dr. Motley served as vice president for business, marketing, and public affairs at the University of Massachusetts Presidents Office, and has served in many other leadership capacities in his more than 20 years in higher education. Dr. Motley is a founder of the Roxbury Preparatory Charter School andchair emeritusof the schools Board of Trustees. He is also founder and education chair of Concerned Black Men of Massachusetts, Inc., and the Paul Robeson Institute for Positive Self Development, an academic and social enrichment program for school-aged children of color. Dr. Motley serves on numerous boards of community organizations with local, regional, and national reach, including Carney Hospital, Freedom House, the Boston World Partnership, the Boston Municipal Research Bureau, the Boston Sports Museum, the United Way of Massachusetts Bay, the Commonwealth Corporation, and the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh of Boston and Mayor David P. Maher of Cambridge launched today theRace to Solar,aprogram for local non-profits and small businesses to increase the adoption of solar power installations and energy efficiency measures.Race to Solaris a partnership with Renew Boston, NStar, National Grid, and Home Energy Efficiency Team (HEET) to promote energy efficiency upgrades and make solar power more affordable and accessible for non-profits, including houses of worship and schools, and small businesses that own their buildings.Solar has been taking off in Boston and I am pleased to work with the City of Cambridge to bring solar to organizations that serve and do business right in our neighborhoods, said Mayor Walsh. Boston is a leader in providing its non-profits and businesses the tools to be sustainable and we must continue to greenovate our city.Providing energy upgrades that are affordable is one of Cambridges top priorities, says Mayor Maher. In order to combat the effects of global climate change, our City, our local businesses and our non-profits now have the distinct advantage that the Race to Solar program provides. Were proud to support this initiative and to help our local non-profits to take advantage of the cost-savings, energy-efficiency and green solutions offered by photo-voltaic systems.Through theRace to Solar, organizations will be able to take advantage of a competitively priced option for installing solar power. To participate, non-profits and small businesses must own their buildings, have suitable site conditions for a solar installation, and be in good financial standing. The goal ofRace to Solaris to promote and facilitate the installation of solar photovoltaic (PV) energy systems on the buildings of 40 local non-profit organizations, adding approximately 1 megawatt of clean, renewable electric power capacity to Boston and Cambridge. SunBug Solar was selected as the solar installer through a competitive RFP process and won based on their experience, quality of work, and attractive offer.Participating non-profits and small businesses must engage in an energy evaluation and upgrade through NStar and National Grids Direct Install program, and help to promote the program to other businesses within their own networks. In this manner theRace to Solarhelps not only non-profits, but also local businesses. Small businesses and energy efficiency are both strong drivers of local jobs, making the community more economically and environmentally sustainable.Race to Solarempowers non-profits to invest in solar energy systems, by first reducing their utility bills through an energy upgrade and helping small businesses to do the same, Ashka Naik, Executive Director of HEET. ""This is a win-win for the non-profit and their community.""TheRace to Solarprogram is designed to help non-profits and their communities achieve energy savings and invest in clean renewable solar energy systems. To learn more about theRace to Solarand speak directly with program providers, please attend an upcoming technical workshop:"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the City of Bostons Department of Innovation Technology (DoIT) announced today that the City of Bostons free Public Wi-Fi is available with more than 170 access points within the public wireless network. Public Wi-Fi is reaching thousands of users across Bostons neighborhoods. The largest concentration of access points, covering approximately 1.5 square miles, is located in Grove Hall. Residents, businesses, and tourists are currently accessing the Grove Hall Wi-Fi network with an average of 9,800 users daily.Wicked Free WiFi Bostons Public Wireless Network, is the newly branded name to identify all of Bostons current and future investments in free Wi-Fi access. Street signage for hotspots will soon be posted at locations citywide.Closing the digital divide and providing free public Wi-Fi in our neighborhoods is essential, said Mayor Walsh. We want every Bostonian to have the same opportunities in todays digital world. Wi-Fi access plays a significant role in every aspect of our lives from learning to earning. Our goal is to strengthen and expand our public network, and reach more families and businesses.Public Wi-Fi has been rolled out in many of Bostons parks, schools, and downtown locations. The citys fiber network BoNet is supporting the internet connection in public areas.Wi-Fi was connected using resources from the City and its partners, as well as the United States Department of Housing and Urban Developments Choice Neighborhoods program.The largest major Wi-Fi installation includes the Choice Neighborhood Grant connecting the Grove Hall community and neighboring areas in 2013. This location is also the most widely accessed, with an average of 7,735 daily users and 89% repeat visitors.HUD is very excited about Bostons innovative use of Choice Neighborhood funding for the Grove Hall Wi-Fi project, said Barbara Fields, HUD New England Regional Administrator. This project is opening the door to opportunity for Boston residents, in particular students and we are proud to be a part of this out of the box thinking that is improving lives.Moving forward, Boston is focused on strategically connecting the city strengthening and expanding the Wicked Free Wi-Fi network. Plans are in progress to connect Bostons 20 neighborhoodMain Streetprograms, with an estimated 130 access points. Boston will continue to increase public Wi-Fi access points to drive economic development and develop municipal Wi-Fi to underserved areas.""Boston's goal is to use free public Wi-Fi to improve the lives of residents and increase the success of local business. We will continue to work towards connecting more of Boston's neighborhoods,"" said Justin Holmes, Interim Chief Information Officer.For more information on where hotspots are located, please visit:http://www.cityofboston.gov/doit/wifi/Wicked Free Public Wi-Fi Metrics:Public Wi-Fi Areas include:"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the City of Bostons Department of Innovation Technology (DoIT) announced today that the City of Bostons free Public Wi-Fi is available with more than 170 access points within the public wireless network. Public Wi-Fi is reaching thousands of users across Bostons neighborhoods. The largest concentration of access points, covering approximately 1.5 square miles, is located in Grove Hall. Residents, businesses, and tourists are currently accessing the Grove Hall Wi-Fi network with an average of 9,800 users daily.Wicked Free WiFi Bostons Public Wireless Network, is the newly branded name to identify all of Bostons current and future investments in free Wi-Fi access. Street signage for hotspots will soon be posted at locations citywide.Closing the digital divide and providing free public Wi-Fi in our neighborhoods is essential, said Mayor Walsh. We want every Bostonian to have the same opportunities in todays digital world. Wi-Fi access plays a significant role in every aspect of our lives from learning to earning. Our goal is to strengthen and expand our public network, and reach more families and businesses.Public Wi-Fi has been rolled out in many of Bostons parks, schools, and downtown locations. The citys fiber network BoNet is supporting the internet connection in public areas.Wi-Fi was connected using resources from the City and its partners, as well as the United States Department of Housing and Urban Developments Choice Neighborhoods program.The largest major Wi-Fi installation includes the Choice Neighborhood Grant connecting the Grove Hall community and neighboring areas in 2013. This location is also the most widely accessed, with an average of 7,735 daily users and 89% repeat visitors.HUD is very excited about Bostons innovative use of Choice Neighborhood funding for the Grove Hall Wi-Fi project, said Barbara Fields, HUD New England Regional Administrator. This project is opening the door to opportunity for Boston residents, in particular students and we are proud to be a part of this out of the box thinking that is improving lives.Moving forward, Boston is focused on strategically connecting the city strengthening and expanding the Wicked Free Wi-Fi network. Plans are in progress to connect Bostons 20 neighborhoodMain Streetprograms, with an estimated 130 access points. Boston will continue to increase public Wi-Fi access points to drive economic development and develop municipal Wi-Fi to underserved areas.""Boston's goal is to use free public Wi-Fi to improve the lives of residents and increase the success of local business. We will continue to work towards connecting more of Boston's neighborhoods,"" said Justin Holmes, Interim Chief Information Officer.For more information on where hotspots are located, please visit:http://www.cityofboston.gov/doit/wifi/Wicked Free Public Wi-Fi Metrics:Public Wi-Fi Areas include:"
Mayor Walsh today presented the first budget of his administration, a $2.7 billion Operating Budget for Fiscal Year 2015 and a five-year, $1.9 billion capital plan.This years capital plan identifies 319 new and continuing projects and proposes $286.8 million in new project authorizations.This FY15 recommended budget balances the Citys need to spend responsibly while also meeting essential current needs and building toward Bostons future.While this budget reflects my own priorities, it also reflects the priorities of the people of Boston, Mayor Walsh said.Since January, we have listened to voices from all across this great city, and we have learned about peoples needs, ideas, and hopes for the future. This budget is balanced, smart, and invests in the people of this city.It invests in our children in opportunity, in well-being, and in our neighborhoods.I want to thank everyone who has worked on this budget this is a budget that combines deep experience with innovative ideas to produce an ambitious vision for Boston.The $2.7 billion recommended FY15 Operating Budget represents a 4.5 percent growth over last years budget, an increase of $118.2 million.Property taxes continue to be the largest source of the Citys revenue, along with hotel, meals, and other excise taxes.The Citys second largest source of revenue, net state aid from the Commonwealth, is expected to decline by approximately $15 million from FY14 mainly due to increased state assessment for charter school tuition.Net state aid (state aid less state assessments), has decreased by $164 million since FY08.The FY15 budget focuses on building toward Bostons future:Strengthening the Economy - Creating 21st Century Jobs and a 21st Century WorkforceA new Office of Economic Development will be charged with business recruitment and retention, and with establishing an environment that encourages, supports and promotes entrepreneurship and new business development.Enhancing neighborhoods: the heart of our cityBostons neighborhood public libraries will now be open on Saturdays year-round in addition, Bostons Main Streets districts will see increased funding and the rollout of free public WiFi.A new partnership between the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics and the Department of Neighborhood Development will crowdsource the way vacant storefronts are filled.Improving Public Safety & Combating Gun ViolenceUnder a new cross-functional safety initiative, City departments will work together in new ways to achieve public safety goals.Ensuring that Boston Public Schools Enable Every Child, in Every Neighborhood to SucceedKey initiatives are supported, such as the expansion of early education (K1) seats and Extended Learning Time (ELT) sites, as well as technology infrastructure upgrades throughout the school system.Housing that Meets a Range of NeedsA plan to guide the Citys housing policy over the next four years will be developed in order to lay out strategic and measurable goals for meeting all of Bostons housing challenges.Health & Human ServicesA new Office of Recovery Services in the Boston Public Health Commission will play a leading role in advocating for treatment options while improving existing services in the City.Capital projects included in this years plan include:
"It is clear that as a society, we need to do more to ensure that every home is safe. We need to make sure every victim of domestic violence has protection and support as they try to leave potentially harmful environments. This legislation takes an important step in the right direction, and I look forward to working with the Legislature to ensure that the Commonwealth takes a strong stance against perpetrators while supporting victims as they bravely work to break the cycle of domestic violence."""
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the city will collaborate with the Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts Foundation on a study of the current capacity of addiction and recovery services in the City of Boston. The study will focus on how to better align the citys addiction and recovery services with demonstrated best practices and will inform the creation of the citys first ever Office of Recovery Services. An advisory committee of experts in related fields will be created to assist with the study, which is slated for completion in 2014.My administration is committed to bringing new support to the recovery community as part of our public health and public safety plans, said Mayor Walsh. Were connecting the dots to make sure people get access to treatment. And were reaching out to our partners, so we can have the biggest impact and share the best ideas.Despite significant and historic health care reform in the Commonwealth, treatment for mental health and substance use disorders remains challenging in terms of access, capacity and cost. I think we can all agree that the current system is complex, overburdened and in need of reform. I applaud Mayor Walsh for addressing this issue and look forward to working with him and the advisory committee on a solution, said Foundation President Audrey Shelto.The Office of Recovery Services will be under the oversight of the Boston Public Health Commission, and is part of Mayor Walshs FY15 budget, which identifies $300,000 in new money to help fund its creation.The office will work to improve existing addiction and recovery services and create a continuum of high quality services for those battling addiction, help those fighting addiction navigate the citys available resources, and advocate for treatment options. This addiction and recovery study will be fundamental to the development, mission, and functions of the office.About the Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts Foundation:The mission of the Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts Foundation is to expand access to health care for vulnerable and low-income individuals and families in the Commonwealth. The Foundation was founded in 2001 with an initial endowment from Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts. It operates separately from the company and is governed by its own Board of Directors.
If you arent taking advantage of your local BCYF community center now is your chance! All of Boston Centers for Youth & Families 35 community centers and pools will be hosting open houses on Wednesday, April 16thfrom 5-7 p.m.Visitors to the centers during this time can meet the staff and find out about the centers or pools programming and about other programming opportunities through BCYF, the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. You can also view some of the improvements that have been made recently to many centers including new computing centers, updated teen spaces, the addition of rock walls and more. Like to swim? We have 17 pools just waiting for you!For a complete list of BCYF facilities, visit the facilities page atwww.cityofboston.gov/bcyfor call 617-635-4920.
Boston Public Library is offeringdedicated programs April 14-19in honor of the one-year anniversary of the 2013 Boston Marathon, all to be held at the Central Library in Copley Square. The library welcomes visitors not only to reflect and gather as one community but to experience and enjoy programs that serve as a respite during this week of remembrance.On Tuesday, April 15, there will be a delayed public opening of the Central Library public service hours will take place from 4-9 p.m. On Sunday, April 20, the Central Library will be open exclusively for viewing of theDear Bostonexhibition from 1-5 p.m. via the Dartmouth Street entrance only. All Boston Public Library locations will be closed on Monday, April 21, in observance of Patriots Day.All dedicated programs are free and open to all:The complete schedule of Boston Marathon programs is available atwww.bpl.org/press/boston-marathon.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
EXECUTIVE ORDEROFMAYOR MARTIN J. WALSHAn Order Relative to Open Data and Protected Data SharingWhereas, it is the policy of the City of Boston to practice Open Government, favoring participation, transparency, collaboration and engagement with the people of the City and its stakeholders andWhereas, information technologies, including web-based and other Internet applications and services, are an essential means for Open Government, and good government generally andWhereas, the City of Boston should continue, expand and deepen the Citys innovative use of information technology toward the end of Open Government, including development and use of mobile computing and applications, provision of online data, services and transactions andWhereas, the City of Boston also has an obligation to protect some data based upon privacy, confidentiality and other requirements and must ensure that protected data not be released in violation of applicable constraints andWhereas, clarification and definition of open data, privacy, security requirements, interoperability and interaction flows is necessary for the Citys Open Government agendaNOW THEREFORE, pursuant to the authority vested in me as Chief Executive Officer of the City of Boston by St. 1948, c. 452 Section 11, as appearing in St. 1951, c. 376, Section 1, and every other power hereto enabling, I hereby order and direct as follows:1. The City of Boston recognizes Open Government as a key means for enabling public participation, transparency, collaboration and effective government, including by ensuring the availability and use of Open Data, appropriate security and sharing of Protected Data, effective use of Identity and Access Management and engagement of stakeholders and experts toward the achievement of Open Government.2. The City of Boston Chief Information Officer (CIO), in consultation with City departments, is authorized and directed to issue a City of Boston Open Data Policy.a) The Open Data Policy shall include standards for the format and publishing of such data and guidance on accessibility, re-use and minimum documentation for such datab) The Open Data Policy shall include guidance for departments on the classification of their data sets as public or protected and a method to report such classification to the CIO. All departments shall publish their public record data sets on the City of Boston open data portal to the extent such data sets are determined to be appropriate for public disclosure, and/or if appropriate, may publish their public record data set through other methods, in accordance with API, format, accessibility and other guidance of the Open Data Policy.3. The City of Boston CIO, in consultation with City departments, is authorized and directed to issue a City of Boston Protected Data Policy applicable to non-public data, such as health data, educational records and other protected dataa) The policy shall provide guidance on the management of Protected Data, including guidance on security and other controls to safeguard Protected Data, including appropriate Identity and Access Management and good practice guidelines for compliance with legal or other rules requiring the sharing of Protected Data with authorized parties upon the grant of consent, by operation of law or when otherwise so requiredb) The policy shall provide a method to ensure approval by the Corporation Counsel of the City of Boston to confirm Protected Data is only disclosed in accordance with the Policy.4. This Executive Order is not intended to diminish or alter the rights or obligations afforded under the Massachusetts Public Records Law, Chapter 66, Section 10 of the Massachusetts General Laws and the exemptions under Chapter 4, Section 7(26). Additionally, this Executive Order is intended to be interpreted consistent with Federal, Commonwealth, and local laws and regulations regarding the privacy, confidentiality, and security of data. Nothing herein shall authorize the disclosure of data that is confidential, private, exempt or otherwise legally protected unless such disclosure is authorized by law and approved by the Corporation Counsel of the City of Boston.5. This Executive Order is not intended to, and does not, create any right or benefit, substantive or procedural, enforceable at law or in equity by any party against the City of Boston, its departments, agencies, or entities, its officers, employees, or agents, or any other person.6. The City of Boston CIO is authorized and directed to regularly consult with experts, thought leaders and key stakeholders for the purpose of exploring options for the implementation of policies and practices arising under or related to this Executive Order.Comment on the Open Data Policy Draft
"As communities across the Commonwealth continue to battle a rash of heroin overdoses, the Massachusetts Congressional Delegation joined Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Patrick Administration at Boston City Hall today and urged citizens to participate in National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day (Take-Back Day) on April 26, 2014. Take-Back Day is a national initiative aimed at encouraging the public to dispose of expired, unused or unwanted prescription drugs that are prone to abuse and theft.This years Take-Back Day will be held on Saturday, April 26 from 10AM to 2PM. During this time, members of the public can drop unwanted prescription drugs at sites sponsored by local law enforcement and the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA). The service is free and anonymous, no questions asked.Boston residents can currently dispose of unused or expired medication safely, easily, confidentially, and for free in a MedReturn Drug Collection Kiosk at eleven Boston Police Department Stations. The kiosks are open to all residents, 24 hours a day, seven days a week -- no questions asked.This permanent disposal system is a collaboration between the Boston Public Health Commission, Boston Police Department, and the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection. The MedReturn Drug Collection Kiosks were purchased by the Massachusetts Department of Public Health, Bureau of Substance Abuse Services.""I dont want to get another call from a mother or a father who is in fear of losing their child, because of a habit that began with pills from a neighbors medicine cabinet,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Substance abuse requires comprehensive approaches that include prevention, intervention, and treatment. But if we can get these unneeded drugs out of our neighborhoods, we will be taking a step in the right direction.""""It is time for renewed action to end the opiates epidemic that has swept through too many of our communities,"" said Governor Deval Patrick. ""In addition to the steps we are taking at the state level under the public health emergency declaration, National Prescription Take-Back Day will encourage residents to rid their homes of unnecessary prescription drugs. I thank Mayor Walsh and the Massachusetts Congressional Delegation for their leadership on this effort in Massachusetts.""In March, Governor Patrick declared a public health emergency in Massachusetts in response to the growing opioid addiction epidemic. The declaration allowed the Department of Public Health (DPH) to (1) make Naloxone (Narcan) more widely available to first responders and bystanders, (2) mandate prescription monitoring by physicians and pharmacies, (3) prohibit the prescribing and dispensing of any hydrocodone-only medication (Zohydro), and (4) retask the Commonwealths Interagency Council on Substance Abuse and Prevention to study long-term solutions to combat this epidemic.""Prescription drug abuse is affecting far too many families and communities across the Commonwealth,"" said Senator Elizabeth Warren. ""The problem is urgent, destroying lives and breaking up families, and it will take everyone working together to combat this epidemic. National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day is one way Massachusetts families can take action at home to stop this abuse and save lives.""""Emptying our medicine cabinets of old and unused prescription drugs is one simple thing we can all do to help rid our communities of the devastating epidemic of heroin and prescription drug abuse. We must take action now to do whatever we can to immediately confront this public health crisis and reduce its tragic effects,"" said Senator Ed Markey.""All of us have a part to play in solving this problem. It won't go away on its own,"" said Congressman Jim McGovern.""Far too often, opiate and heroin addictions begin at home through access to prescription drugs obtained from family and friends or even in one's own medicine cabinet. This take-back program is an important first step toward limiting the amount of unneeded prescriptions that are available for misuse and abuse and toward stemming this public health crisis that has taken a heavy toll on our communities,"" said Congressman John Tierney.""Safely disposing of old or unused prescription drugs in our own homes is one small step we can all take to limit the availability of drugs in our communities. I encourage everyone to take a few minutes to clean out their own medicine cabinets,"" said Congressman Mike Capuano.""We have seen evidence that prescription drug abuse can lead to severe addiction problems that involve powerful illicit narcotics such as heroin. Removing the latent prescription drug risk from American homes seems like a good place to start, said Congressman Stephen Lynch.""Community safety begins at home. Prescription drug take-back programs give us all an opportunity to help keep drugs off the streets. Partnerships at all levels of government and law enforcement make programs like this a success, and I encourage citizens to join the effort on April 26 to curb the epidemic of addiction,"" said Congresswoman Niki Tsongas.""Safely and properly removing unused prescription medications is an important step towards curbing drug addiction,"" said Congressman Bill Keating. ""Abuse of opioid-based painkillers is one of the most common ways a person eventually tries and becomes addicted to heroin. As Norfolk County District Attorney, I saw far too many families ripped apart by this vicious cycle. I encourage anyone who has unused drugs in their homes to dispose of them at one of the approved Take-Back sites.""""The heroin and opiate addictions we have seen wreak havoc on too many Massachusetts communities often originate in the most unassuming of places: the family medicine cabinet,"" said Congressman Joe Kennedy. Proactively ridding our homes of unused or unwanted ""prescription drugs are a small step concerned community members can take to help stem the tide of abuse cities and towns across our country are fighting today.""Prescription drugs left unattended or forgotten in family medicine cabinets are one of the most accessible gateways to opiate and heroin abuse. Rates of prescription drug abuse in the U.S. are alarmingly high, as are the number of accidental poisonings and overdoses due to these drugs. Studies show that a majority of abused prescription drugs are obtained from family and friends, including from the home medicine cabinet. In addition, Americans are now advised that their usual methods for disposing of unused medicinesflushing them down the toilet or throwing them in the trashboth pose potential safety and health hazards.Last October, Americans turned in 324 tons (over 647,000 pounds) of prescription drugs at over 4,114 sites operated by the DEA and its thousands of state and local law enforcement partners. When those results are combined with what was collected during previous Take Back events, DEA and its partners took in over 3.4 million poundsmore than 1,700 tonsof pills."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that Boston will be joining the C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group (C40), an invitation-only global network of cities on the front line of preparing for and helping prevent climate change. The Mayor also announced the creation of the 2014 Climate Action Plan Steering Committee, which will help guide the update of Bostons Climate Action Plan.The City of Boston is proud to join the C40 and be recognized as a global leader on climate action, said Mayor of Boston Martin J. Walsh. Boston must take a proactive position on the global stage on a variety of issues, and climate change is chief among them. Through the 2014 Climate Action Plan Update, Boston will continue its leadership tradition, ensuring that Boston stays on track to meeting its aggressive climate goals.Cities are invited to join the C40 based on population size, economic output, and commitment and leadership in taking action on climate change. Bostons participation in the C40 will open up greater opportunities for sharing what the city has done and benefiting from insights and partnerships with cities in C40s global network. Boston is the latest North American city to join C40  other recent additions include Washington, DC and Vancouver, Canada.I am excited to welcome Boston to the C40. Founded in 1630, the city has a history of developing and successfully implementing innovative solutions to urban challenges, said C40 Chair, Mayor Eduardo Paes of Rio de Janeiro. Boston, through a series of climate adaptation and mitigation strategies, is already a demonstrated leader and we have much to learn from them. In turn, our vast global network with their wealth of experience can help Boston tackle many of the challenges that lie ahead.Bostons Climate Action Plan is the citys strategic plan to reach its carbon reduction goals of 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050, as well as to prepare Boston for the impacts of climate change. This will mark the second update of this triennial plan. The Steering Committee will draw on Bostons talented community and business sustainability leaders, as well as subject matter experts to advise on the process and ensure that the city is on track to meeting its goals.This is a community-wide plan, and we must have broad support and buy-in from all neighborhoods and sectors, said Brian Swett, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space. The Steering Committee offers a superb group of diverse individuals to work with City staff, decision makers, and our consultants to create a world-class climate action plan.Working closely with Mayor Walsh and his Cabinet members, the Steering Committee will play an advisory role to the overall process, strategy development, and community engagement. Community input is already being collected online viaEngage.GreenovateBoston.org, and at community Meet-ups. The City is also hosting theGreenovate Boston Community Summiton May 31, which will include the8th Annual Mayor's Greenovate Awards, and provide a unique opportunity for residents, businesses and community organizations to connect with each other, learn, and help shape the future of sustainability in Boston.2014 Climate Action Plan Steering Committee MembersAndrew KendallHenry P. Kendall Foundation, Executive DirectorAnthony JanetosThe Frederick S. Pardee Center for the Study of the Longer-Range Future, DirectorBrian DohertyBuilding and Construction Trades CouncilBud RisNew England Aquarium, President and CEOChristine PoffBoston Parks Advocates, Lead Organizer Franklin Park Coalition, Executive DirectorCrystal JohnsonISES - Integrative Sustainability and Environmental Solutions, Energy & Sustainability StrategistCynthia LoeschCodman Square Neighborhood Council, Vice PresidentEdward GlaeserHarvard University, Eleanor Glimp Professor of Economics in the Faculty of Arts and Sciences Taubman Center for State and Local Government, Director Rappaport Institute of Greater Boston, DirectorJacqueline DouglasLivable Streets Alliance, Executive DirectorJhana SenxianSustainability Guild International, CEOKelly SaitoGerding Edlen, PresidentMagdalena AyerMaverick Association of ResidentsMarilyn Swartz-LloydMASCO, President and CEOMark LiuChinese Progressive Association, Deputy DirectorNancy KilburnGreater Boston Interfaith Organization Roxbury Presbyterian Church Social Impact Center, DirectorPenn LohTufts University Masters of Public Policy Program and Community Practice, DirectorRick DiminoA Better City, President and CEORobbin PeachMassPort, Program Manager for ResilienceRosanne FoleyFields Corner Main Street, DirectorStephanie PollackNortheastern University, Dukakis Center for Urban and Regional Policy, Associate DirectorDavid BrewsterEnerNOC, Inc, PresidentTom McShaneDewey Square Group, Principal Boston Harbor Island Alliance, DirectorVivien LiThe Boston Harbor Association, PresidentCity of Boston RepresentativesBrian SwettChief of Environment, Energy and Open Space Steering Committee ChairCouncilor Matt OMalleyBoston City Council, Environment and Parks Committee ChairJohn BarrosChief of Economic DevelopmentSheila DillonChief of HousingFelix ArroyoChief of Health and Human ServicesJames GilloolyBoston Transportation Department, CommissionerBarbara FerrerBoston Public Health Commission, DirectorMichael DennehyPublic Works Department, CommissionerAbout C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group (C40)The C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group (C40) is a network of large and engaged cities from around the world committed to implementing meaningful and sustainable climate-related actions locally that will help address climate change globally. C40 was established in 2005 and expanded via a partnership in 2006 with President William J. Clintons Climate Initiative. The current chair of the C40 is Rio de Janeiro Mayor Eduardo Paes the 108th Mayor of New York City, Michael R. Bloomberg serves as President of the Board. To learn more about the work of C40 and our Cities, please visit www.c40.org, follow us on Twitter @c40cities and like us on Facebook athttp://www.facebook.com/C40Cities.
In cooperation with local residents and the Mayors Office of Neighborhood Services, the Boston Transportation Department is expanding the Dorchester Resident Parking Program to include Ellington, Erie and a number of other streets in that vicinity. Neighborhood residents are reminded that it is necessary for them to apply for a Resident Parking Permit. Courtesy flyers are currently being distributed, but actual enforcement of the new regulations will begin on Monday, May 5.Bostons Resident Parking Program serves to give Boston residents preference to on-street parking spaces in the Citys neighborhoods, said Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Nearly 90,000 Resident Parking Permits are currently active city-wide, and now additional Dorchester residents will soon be participating in the program as well. I am pleased that, working together, area residents and city staff were able to find a solution to the parking problems in this neighborhood.In accordance with the new plan, the Resident Parking Program will be effective beginning May 5 at the following additional locations in Dorchester.To obtain a Resident Parking Permit, residents must present their vehicle registration showing their name and current Dorchester address. Residents must also present a current proof of residency, dated within 30 to 45 days, in the form of a utility bill, bank statement or credit card bill, with the same name and address as on the registration.Residents may apply for the permit online atwww.cityofboston.gov/parking, click on Resident Parking and then New Permit. Residents may also apply for the permit at the Office of the Parking Clerk, Room 224, City Hall, Monday through Friday, between the hours of 9 AM and4:30 PM, or at Bostons City Hall to Go Truck. The truck will be parked in front of#157 Washington Street in Dorchester on the following dates.Vehicles parked in violation of the Resident Parking regulations without a valid permit are subject to a $40 parking ticket fine.Residents should also be aware that all overdue City of Boston parking tickets must be paid before a permit will be issued. Payments may be made as follows.Interim Boston Transportation Department Commissioner James J. Gillooly said, I expect that the implementation of the Resident Parking Program will make convenient, on-street parking more accessible for residents in this neighborhood. BTD would like to thank the neighborhood residents, the Mayors Office of Neighborhood Services and the City Hall to Go Truck staff for their assistance on this project.
On Tuesday, April 1, Mayor Martin J. Walsh recognized National Service Day. The day focused on the impact of national service and appreciation for the 4 million service members serving at 70,000 sites across the country. Mayor Walsh was one of over 1,600 mayors supporting the 2ndAnnual Mayors Day of Recognition for National Service, an initiative led by Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter, the Corporation for National and Community Service, and the National League of Cities.Im proud of the work these national service leaders provide, continuing their commitment to service and making a difference in the lives of others, said Mayor Walsh. They help make Boston a stronger community by supporting the work of our nonprofits and advocacy organizations. There are several AmeriCorps alumni working for the City of Boston.There are 2,723 national service members in Boston making a difference in lives of residents, serving at 172 service locations. AmeriCorps and Senior Corps members serve with organizations that are working to alleviate poverty in the community, providing mentoring opportunities to support our seniors or our youth, supporting our youth to succeed in school and any many more service opportunities to improve the quality of life for the residents of Boston to across the country.This is an important opportunity for the City, service members and organizations to recognize the work and dedication of the national service members. These leaders are doing incredible work that helps our city to thrive, said Emily Shea, Bostons Elderly Commissioner. I look forward to seeing this collaborative effort continue so that we can achieve all our goals.This year, in response to Senior Corp Week, May 19  23, Senior Corp volunteers who participate in the Retired Senior Volunteer Program (RSVP) and Senior Companion and Foster Grandparents Program, are being asked to help survey older adults with disabilities in Boston Housing Authoritys (BHA) housing.These efforts are a part of the BHA and Elderly Commission collaboration: Making Connections, which connects BHA elderly residents with disabilities to useful resources provided by the City.In September, thousands of national service members serving in Boston will celebrate the 20thanniversary of AmeriCorps and the awarding of several RSVP grants, funded by the Corporation for National Community Service.For more information on the Mayors Day of Recognition for National Service, visitwww.nationalservice.gov/mayorsforservice.
As we pay our respects today and tomorrow, I am thankful to the Governor and Legislature for taking the first steps to increase the state's Line of Duty Death benefit. The Walsh and Kennedy families will need ongoing support in this immediate time of need and for years to come. We all know that no amount of money can replace Lieutenant Edward Walsh or Firefighter Michael Kennedy, but this benefit increase shows the Commonwealth's true commitment to supporting the families of our fallen heroes and our profound appreciation for the sacrifice that they have made.
"The survey asks respondents to share the characteristics they feel the next superintendent should demonstrate.We, as a community, are taking an active role in the future of the youth of Boston, said Mayor Walsh. This online survey helps to make this process a transparent one, in which the voices of the people will be heard and valued.We have been thrilled to see so many passionate individuals at our public hearings, Gallery said. This survey provides another channel for collecting input from those who havent been able to come out or those who may have more to share.Community members will be able to submit their opinions through Sunday, April 6. ""This survey will help ensure we hear from as many members of the community as possible, Coleman said. The feedback we have collected at our public hearings and through this survey will directly shape the superintendents profile and the job description we use to recruit candidates.Using feedback from the survey, public hearings, and interviews with numerous stakeholders, search firm Hazard, Young, Attea & Associates will present aLeadership Profile Reportto the Superintendent Search Committee in a public meeting onApril 16. After receiving the report, the Superintendent Search Committee will finalize the criteria desired in the next superintendent.""We've sought the public's input throughout the process and this online survey will allow residents to continue to provide comments that are a valuable part of the search for the next Boston Public Schools Superintendent,'' said Michael O'Neill, School Committee Chair.To date, the Superintendent Search Committee has held seven public hearings throughout the city to learn what traits community members are looking for in the next superintendent. OnFebruary 6, Mayor Walshand the Boston School Committeeannounced the formation of a Superintendent Search Committee to spearhead this effort, which was approved by the School Committee on February 26.The Committeeis a group of respected individuals who represent the diversity of the City of Boston. Each possesses a deep knowledge of BPS, and the group represents a wide array of perspectives which include teachers, current and former school administrators, higher education leaders, parents, business and philanthropy. The Superintendent Search Committee is tasked with:"
Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Department of Neighborhood Development Director Sheila Dillon joined the Jamaica Plain Neighborhood Development Corporation (JPNDC), Hyde Jackson Square Main Street, local business owners, and residents on Saturday to celebrate the completion of new neighborhood retail space and the grand openings of seven new businesses on Centre Street in Hyde/Jackson Square:Centre Street Sanctuary,Massachusetts Bay Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, The Bilingual Veterans Outreach Center, Peak Performance Chiropractic, Family Caregivers, Re/Max DestinyandTails.Todays ribbon cutting ceremony also marked a major milestone in the revival of Jamaica Plains Hyde/Jackson Square Main Street District with full occupancy of 7,500 square feet of new retail space developed by the JPNDC and New Atlantic Development Corporation. The mixed-use building at the corner of Centre and Creighton Streets is part of the partnerships $50 million redevelopment of the campus of the former Blessed Sacrament Church, one of the largest closed churches in the United States to be redeveloped for community use.Small businesses are the backbone of Bostons neighborhoods. Today, were celebrating the evolution of the Blessed Sacrament parish site, and the new life that these seven new businesses bring to the streetscape, the Hyde Square neighborhood, and the community at large, said Mayor Walsh. The progress that has been made at this once vacant church site would not be possible without the tremendous commitment of Hyde/Jackson Square residents, JPNDC, Hyde/Jackson Square Main Street, Hyde Square Task Force, New Atlantic, and their partners. I also have to commend the business owners we met today for their dedication to bringing new, quality, goods and services to Jamaica Plain community.These businesses opened with over $10,000 of investment from Hyde/Jackson Square Main Street and the Citys Office of Business Development that leveraged over $800,000 in private investment. The opening of these establishments marks another milestone for the thriving Hyde/Jackson Square business district having created more than 31new jobs. Hyde/Jackson Square Main Street is a volunteer-driven organization dedicated to the revitalization of Hyde/Jackson Square neighborhood commercial district. Since its designation as a Boston Main Streets District in 1998, Hyde Jackson Square Main Street has guided development along Centre Street by mobilizing hundreds of volunteers and working through partnerships with JPNDC, the Hyde Square Task Force, neighborhood groups, real estate developers, government, and business entities.The JPNDC, a 37-year-old non-profit community development corporation, partnered with New Atlantic in 2005 to purchase the 3.2-acre Blessed Sacrament campus. The Archdiocese of Bostons closure of the 115-year-old Blessed Sacrament parish in 2004 prompted parishioners, residents and small businesses to work with the City and local organizations to develop a suitable plan for its reuse. More than 1,400 signatures were collected in support of affordable housing and other uses that would benefit the Jamaica Plan community. Since 2005, the JPNDC/New Atlantic Development partnership has developed 81 affordable homes and new green space, as well as the retail space celebrated today.Only one month ago, another milestone was reached when the Hyde Square Task Force, a non-profit serving 500 youth weekly, purchased the former church building for redevelopment as cultural and civic centerpiece for Boston's Latin Quarter. The Task Force already owns one of the parishs former schools, where it operates numerous programs, including dance and music studios.Were thrilled at how much the businesses in the new retail space really fit in, how much they complement Bostons Latin Quarter, said JPNDC Executive Director Richard Thal. When we started marketing this space, our country was in the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression. So the process took nearly four yearsbut our goal was to recruit independent small businesses and we never lost sight of it, he added.
At a groundbreaking in Mission Hill today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the composition of the Mayors Housing Taskforce, which will assist the Walsh Administration in producing its housing plan. Building upon the work of the Mayors Transition Team for Housing, the task force will chart a strategic response and operation plan to meet Bostons housing challenges, including increasing the supply of housing to meet our economic growth, increasing the supply of housing for elderly and low-income households and incentivizing the development community to meet the housing needs of the middle class. Mayor Walsh has charged his panel with having a housing plan launched by June of this year that includes clear targets and firm deadlines.Whether young or old, individuals or families, low-income or middle class, all of Bostons residents need and deserve access to quality housing, Mayor Walsh said. Thats why weve created the Mayors Housing Task Force. We have to bring key community members and experts to the table to find diverse and creative solutions to these challenges.The task force will be made up of a diverse group of leaders, including developers from the for-profit and non-profit sectors academic experts and planning consultants tenant, neighborhood, and union representatives and elected officials. By early summer, these leaders will release a plan to guide the Citys housing policy over the next four years. This plan will lay out strategic and measureable goals for meeting all of Bostons housing challenges, with special areas of focus on innovative housing models controlling development costs senior and low-income housing and incentivizing private developers to meet the needs of the middle class.Mayor Walsh made the announcement as he joined Mission Hill Neighborhood Housing Services (MHNHS), local elected officials, and Mission Hill residents to celebrate the groundbreaking for a $15.9M transit-oriented affordable senior rental housing development, Roxbury Crossing Senior Building, located at 30 Gurney Street in Mission Hill. When built, this rental housing development, located on a once-vacant, half-acre site located by the Roxbury Crossing MBTA Station, in the heart of the Mission Hill Commercial District will house 39 low-income seniors in Boston.I want to congratulate Mission Hill Neighborhood Housing Services for breaking ground on Roxbury Crossing. This important development will provide safe and affordable housing for our seniors. Boston has an obligation to house our senior citizens, as they have made Boston the great City that it is, Mayor Walsh said.Construction of theRoxbury Crossing Senior Buildingwill generate approximately 45 new construction jobs. All of the rental units will be for people who are 62 years old or older and are earning at or below 50 percent of the area median income (AMI). The building will have 40 one-bedroom apartments including one managers unit, two elevators for accessibility, central air, an on-site laundry facility, and large community space for residents on the ground floor, and a beautiful rear courtyard .In accordance with the City of BostonsGreen Affordable Housing Program, the design of the four-story, wood-framed building utilizes green building strategies and will meet LEED Silver standards. The project also meets the U.S. Environmental Protection AgencysEnergy Starstandards.TheCity of Bostoncontributed over $2 million to the development of the Roxbury Crossing Senior Building, and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts contributed $2.8 million to the development of this project. The project has also received HUD support of $6.2 million in Section 202 capital funding and $400,000 program funding. Housing Taskforce MembersNon-Profit DevelopersVanessa Calderon-Rosado, CEO, Inquilinos Boricuas en AccinBart Mitchell, President and CEO, The Community Builders, Inc.Amy Schectman, President and CEO, Jewish Community Housing for the ElderlyJohn Drew, President and CEO, Action for Boston Community DevelopmentFor-Profit Housing DevelopersMy Lam, Founder/Manager, Escaz DevelopmentJohn Noone, Vice President New England, Lincoln PropertiesScott Kintner, Vice President, Avalon BayAcademic InstitutionsEric Belsky, Managing Director Housing Studies, Harvard UniversityConsultant/PlannersTim Davis, Consultant and Senior Research Fellow, University of Massachusetts BostonJennifer Raitt, Assistant Director of Land Use Planning & Chief Housing Planner, Metropolitan Area Planning CouncilSteve Fulton, Rehousing Contractor, Department of Housing and Community DevelopmentFoundationsRebecca Koepnick, Director for Neighborhood, The Boston FoundationAngela Brown, Director of Programs, Hyams FoundationHousing Member OrganizationsGreg Vasil, Chief Executive Officer, Greater Boston Real Estate BoardJoe Kriesberg, President and CEO, Massachusetts Association of Community Development CorporationKathy Brown, Coordinator, Boston Tenant AssociationLydia Lowe, Executive Director, Chinese Progressive AssociationMark Ehrlich, Executive Secretary-Treasurer, New England Carpenters UnionBrian Doherty, General Agent, Boston Metropolitan District Building Trades CouncilBob Van Meter, Executive Director, Local Initiative Support CollaborativeOtherChris Jones, Executive Director, Dudley Street Neighborhood InitiativeRep. Kevin Honan, 17thSuffolk DistrictRep. Daniel Cullinane, 12thSuffolk District
Are you 16 to 18 years and old and still in high school? We have a great opportunity for you  the BCYF Lifeguard Institute! This FREE training program will provide pool skills and classroom instruction to get you ready to qualify for Lifeguard Certification. Lifeguarding is a lifelong job you can do anywhere lifeguards are needed hotels, fitness clubs, beaches etc., part-time or full time, and is always in high demand.Over April school vacation week, the Lifeguard Institute will be offered at seven BCYF pools: BCYF Blackstone Community Center in the South End, BCYF Flaherty Pool in Roslindale, BCYF Curtis Hall Community Center in Jamaica Plain, BCYF Draper Pool at the West Roxbury Educational Complex, BCYF Leahy-Holloran Community Center in Dorchester, BCYF Mason Pool in Roxbury and BCYF Paris Street Community Center in East Boston.The requirements to participate include the ability to pass a swim test requiring swimming 300 yards continuously using different strokes, treading water, and a surface dive exercise. In addition, participants must be 16 to 18-year-old high school students. Upon completion of the Institute, a $35 fee for Red Cross Certification will apply.Interested? Space is limited so contact the pool directly for more information. Phone numbers and email addresses are available athttp://www.cityofboston.gov/BCYF.
"The Boston Firefighter's Credit Union has created a fund to help support the families of Lieutenant Ed Walsh and Firefighter Michael Kennedy.""In difficult times like these, I am so proud to be mayor of a city that comes together to help our neighbors in need,"" said Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""Since yesterday's tragic events, we've experienced an outpouring of support from across the city, state, and country. So many people have expressed a willingness to help, in some way, as we grieve the loss of Lieutenant Walsh and Firefighter Kennedy.""""Although no donation can heal the wounds suffered by the Walsh and Kennedy families, we are grateful to the Boston Firefighter's Credit Union for helping us create a focal point for peoples generosity, and to the people of Boston, of Massachusetts, and of the United States, who have once again shown the power of a community to help healing process begin.""Donations to the Lieutenant Walsh - Firefighter Kennedy Memorial Fund can be made by visiting the website of the Boston Firefighter's Credit Union athttps://www.bosfirecu.com/. Donations can also be made by mailing checks to the Fund, care of the Boston Firefighter's Credit Union, 60 Hallet Street, Dorchester, MA 02124."
Tonight the City of Boston mourns the loss of two of our own. Lt. Ed Walsh and Firefighter Michael Kennedy lost their lives battling the nine-alarm fire on Beacon Street today.Words cannot do justice to the grief that we feel tonight. Our hearts are heavy with the knowledge that these brave men gave their lives to protect the safety of our city and its people.The men and women of the Boston Fire Department are the brave heroes who run towards the danger when others run away. A day like today makes us all too aware of what they are risking in the course of doing their jobs. They are heroes simply by virtue of accepting this duty. They put themselves in harms way so that others might be safe.Thank you to the Boston Fire Department, Boston Police Department (Official), Boston EMS (Emergency Medical Services) and all other first responders and volunteers for your heroic work today.Our thoughts and prayers are with their families tonight as they face this terrible loss. We also hold close their fellow firefighters, who have lost friends as dear as brothers.
"Last night, Mayor Martin J. Walsh hosted Mondays with the Mayor, the first of a series of community town hall meetings to engage with constituents and to maintain a transparent administration. More than 250 people attended the meeting.As mayor of the City of Boston, I have to do my best to ensure that all Bostonians are heard, said Mayor Walsh. During my campaign, these kinds of meetings allowed our communities to approach issues and create solutions as a team.This town hall meeting allowed residents to share their questions and concerns with Mayor Walsh and his administration. Mayor Walsh responded to a variety of questions including park maintenance, affordable housing, and the quality of public education in Boston.Mayor Walsh was joined by members of his cabinet and department heads, who helped field inquiries from residents needing specific, departmental expertise. Questions were also addressed by: William Evans, Boston Police Commissioner Sheila Dillon, Chief of the Department of Neighborhood Development Brian Swett, Chief of the Department of Energy, Environment & Open Space Brian Golden, Director of the Boston Redevelopment Authority and others.The next meetings will be held on:Details on these meetings will be announced in the coming weeks.Mondays with the MayorMayor Walsh has committed to host ""Mondays with the Mayor"" town hall meetings every other month as a continuation of thesuccessful ""Mondays with Marty"" series leading up to his inauguration. The ""Mondays with the Mayor"" series is an opportunity for constituents to speak to Mayor Walsh, and share their questions and concerns about issues facing Boston. During these meetings, Mayor Walsh answers constituent questions. Constituents are also welcome to submit written testimony to the Walsh Administration."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that he is now accepting applications for the 2014 Mayors Greenovate Boston Awards, which recognizes sustainability leadership across the City of Boston, including businesses, community organizations, non-profits, residents and institutions. Nominations are due April 18th, 2014, and the awards ceremony will take place on May 31, 2014 at the Greenovate Boston Community Summit.""The City of Boston continues to work closely with our residents, business and institutions to make Boston the greenest city in the country,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""I am looking forward to celebrating our local leaders and participating in the Greenovate Boston Community Summit.""In their eighth year, the Greenovate Awards will again recognize leaders whom are helping reach the Citys goals of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050. This year, the awards will be a part of a much larger event, the Greenovate Boston Community Summit. The Summit is a citywide gathering for residents, businesses and organizations to connect, learn about and give feedback on the Citys 2014 Climate Action Plan update, and learn about ways they can take their own climate actions.""The Summit is an important part of the Citys community engagement plan for the Climate Action Plan update,"" said Brian Swett, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space. ""Were looking forward to honoring this years sustainability leaders, and engaging future leaders at this event.""The Greenovate Boston Community Summit will be held on Saturday, May 31st. In addition to the awards ceremony, the Summit will include world-class speakers, interactive workshops and trainings, and a Marketplace of Ideas to showcase local innovations, products, and services. This day-long event will help gather input and ideas from the community for the 2014 Climate Action Plan Update, which is due for completion by the end of the year.In the spirit of the Climate Action Plan and Summit, this years awards will focus on the themes of collaboration and engagement. Applicants should highlight a recent project or practice that demonstrates leadership in one of the following categories: Climate Preparedness, Waste Reduction, Sustainable Food Systems, Alternative Transportation, Energy Conservation, Renewable Energy, Behavior Change, or Water Conservation.Award winners from last year were a diverse group, representing all parts of Boston, including Charlestowns Spaulding Rehabilitation Hospital for its innovative climate change-adaptive design, Back Bays G20 Spa for its energy- and water-saving renovations, Dorchester-resident Elizabeth Charles for her home energy-savings efforts, and the Mei Mei Kitchen Food Truck for their locally-sourced food and sustainable practices.Greenovate Boston is a collective movement to ensure a greener, healthier and more prosperous future for the city by meeting City of Bostons goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050. Propelled by creativity and drive, Greenovate Boston will encourage continued sustainable growth within the city, making Boston the greenest in the United States. Visithttp://greenovateboston.orgfor details."
Boston Public Library now offers a free streaming media service for all cardholders, providing easy access to thousands of movies, television shows, music, and audiobooks for instant streaming or temporary download for smartphones, tablets, or computers. Library users can download up to ten titles per month and the automatic return ensures no late fees, with checkout times ranging from three days to three weeks.When we surveyed our users earlier this year, access to streaming content was the top-requested new service, said Michael Colford, Director of Library Services. Free digital streaming is an excellent addition to Boston Public Librarys growing online collection, and it is available twenty-four hours a day.The service enables access from the convenience of your home, local coffee shop, or anywhere  all you need is a library card, viewing or listening device, and Internet access if streaming content. The collection includes everything from new and notable titles to favorite classics for children and adults, including educational and instructional videos, foreign films, and top-selling music albums. The streaming media service is called hoopla and is accessible via the collections section of the Boston Public Library website. Library users log in with their Boston Public Library card and then create a hoopla reader account. In addition, users have the option of downloading an app for iOS and Android devices. All titles are available for simultaneous access with no waiting periods, and new content is added weekly. More information on the digital media service, along with getting started tips and check-out guides, is available on the Boston Public Library website atwww.bpl.org/collections/hoopla.htm.Digital streaming is the latest in a series of new online offerings available via the Boston Public Library. Other popular services include digital magazines, a mobile catalog, e-books, an ever-growing collection of digitized images from the librarys collection, and a range of career, research, and genealogical databases.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
"The Boston Transportation Department announced today that a new traffic circulation plan has been designed for Salcombe Street and Windermere Road in Dorchester. The design is the result of a collaboration between members of the Jones Hill Neighborhood Association, City Councilor Baker, the Mayors Office of Neighborhood Services and the Boston Transportation Department.""I am delighted that Bostons Transportation Department has had this opportunity to work with members of the Jones Hill Neighborhood Association, as well as my Neighborhood Services office staff and Councilor Baker and his staff, on this plan to improve traffic and pedestrian safety in the Salcombe Street/Windermere Road area, said Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh.He added, It is important that BTD and other city agencies work cooperatively with community representatives to determine the course of action that best meets the needs of those who live and work in our neighborhoods day in and day out. Id like to thank the members of the Jones Hill Neighborhood Association for their participation in this particular project and I look forward to other successful collaborations with them in the future.The purpose of the new design is to improve traffic and pedestrian safety in the area. In the current configuration, both Salcombe Street and Windermere Road are two-way streets with parking allowed on both sides. Residents have been becoming increasingly concerned that these residential streets could not safely accommodate this amount of vehicles. A second concern of residents is a visibility issue with vehicles coming down the hill on Windermere Road.City Councilor Baker said, I am grateful to the Boston Transportation Department and the residents of Jones Hill, who worked diligently and collaboratively with my office in an ongoing effort to improve the traffic patterns and public safety in Jones Hill. I am excited about these changes and I know the residents will be too.In accordance with the new design, Salcombe Street will become a one-way between Stoughton Street and Peverell Street, with traffic heading toward Peverell Street. Salcombe Street, from Peverell Street to Cushing Avenue, will continue to function as a two-way street. Windermere Road will become a one-way from Cushing Avenue to Stoughton Street, with traffic heading toward Stoughton Street. Both Salcombe Street and Windermere Road will continue to allow parking on both sides.BTD Engineering Division staff has created a Sign and Pavement Marking Plan indicating the details of the changes. The departments Operations Division staff intends to be in the neighborhood making all of the new traffic and parking changes on Friday, March 28.BTD Interim Commissioner James Gillooly said, BTD will be in the neighborhood in the coming days working to implement the on-street changes. We will continue to monitor traffic at this location over the next few weeks and we will make adjustments as necessary.Dorchester drivers are advised to slow down and look for new traffic signs in this area."
The Boston Board of Election Commissioners reminds voters that there will be a Special State Primary Election in the Fifth Suffolk Representative District on Tuesday, April 1. Additionally, voters in the Second and Thirteenth Suffolk Representative Districts will vote in the final election for their respective districts.The Massachusetts House of Representatives called for the election in the Fifth Suffolk Representative District in order to fill a vacancy caused by the expulsion of Carlos Tony Henriquez. The vacancies in the two other districts are a result of the resignations of the previous office holders: Eugene OFlaherty and Mayor Martin Walsh.There are five candidates vying for nomination on the Democratic ballot in the Fifth Suffolk. In alphabetical order, they are: Evandro C. Carvalho, Karen A. Charles-Peterson, Jennifer Anne Johnson, Barry Lawton, and Roy Owens. There are no candidates for this seat on the Republican ballot.The Fifth Suffolk District is comprised of 20 precincts. For a full list of precincts involved in this election, please review the Specimen Ballots on the website:www.boston.gov/elections.Polls will open in the City of Boston on Tuesday, at 7AM, and close at 8PM. In the Fifth Suffolks Primary, votersmusttake the ballot of the party in which they are enrolled. Unenrolled voters may choose either the Democratic or Republican ballot. Political Designation votersdo notparticipate in Primary elections. Any voter with questions regarding his/her registration may contact the Election Department at 617-635-3767 or via our website:www.boston.gov/elections.In the Second and Thirteenth Suffolk Representative Districts, there were no Republican candidates in the March 4 Primary. Only the name of the Democrat (Daniel Ryan in the Second, and Daniel Hunt in the Thirteenth) who finished with the highest number of votes in the Primary will appear on the final ballot.The Election Commission also reminds voters inWard 17, Precincts 1 and 3who have been voting at the Codman Square Tech Center, that they will be voting at Roxbury Prep (former Lucy Stone School, 22 Regina Road) on April 1, due to a scheduling conflict at the Tech Center. First class mailings have been sent to voters in these precincts informing them of the location change.
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced comprehensive plans to address gun violence in the City of Boston: a citywide gun buy-back program, an upcoming regional summit on gun trafficking, and renewed focus on funding for Boston's Summer Jobs program. Mayor Walsh was joined by Boston Police Commissioner William Evans, community advocates including Pastor Liz Walker and other clergy, and representatives from community and advocacy organizations addressing violence.""What you see before you today is that our community is united. And we are united with them, in the goal of making our neighborhoods, our homes, and our children safe,"" said Mayor Walsh at today's announcement. ""Were here to do much more than launch a single program. This is the first step in a long-term, city-wide mission to prevent violence. The people standing with me today have come together to support each other and better their communities. We are calling on everyone in the City of Boston to join us as we move forward, because everyone has a responsibility in this mission.""The 2014 Boston Gun Buy Back Program, called ""Your Piece for Peace,"" will take place beginning today. Guns will be accepted anonymously, no questions asked, Monday through Friday, 12:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. at district police stations and various designated drop-off sites throughout Boston. Arrangements for private exchanges may be made upon request, by calling 1-888-GUNTIPS between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 11:00 p.m. Those turning in firearms must follow a very specific protocol:If protocol is followed, the person dropping off the firearm will not be prosecuted for unlawful possession of that specific firearm. Amnesty will not be given for any other crime committed with that firearm or for any other crime committed while in possession of that firearm. All guns will be accepted, but incentives (a $200 Visa gift card) will not be issued for junk or antique guns, rifles or shotguns. Gift cards will only be issued for workable firearms, as determined by the police officer accepting the weapon. Guns will be sent to the Boston Police Ballistics Unit. They will be tested to determine whether or not the weapon has been involved in criminal activity. If the test is positive, the gun will be retained as evidence, and an investigation will follow. If the test is negative, the weapon will be slated for destruction.""This program is about empowering our community, and bringing everyone to work together to get illegal guns off our streets,"" said Commissioner Evans. ""Every gun turned in is a life potentially saved. If you have access to a gun, here is your opportunity to turn it in and help us break the cycle of violence.""Mayor Walsh will also be hosting a Regional Gun Trafficking Summit in Boston later this spring. Attendees will include elected officials and law enforcement from neighboring states, leaders in academia around violence, community partners and organizations focused on anti-violence work, and representatives from other local, state, and federal government agencies. The Summit will be an opportunity to bring all stakeholders to the table to discuss best practices and to build relationships and foster collaborative work to prevent illegal guns from crossing state lines.""The illegal trafficking of crime guns is one of the primary threats to the safety of our neighborhoods across this country,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""In the absence of federal action to close dangerous loopholes that allow criminals and prohibited purchasers to have easy access to crime guns, we must take action regionally to confront this problem head on.""Last week, Mayor Walsh launched a campaign to increase private sector engagement for the Mayors Summer Jobs Program by encouraging non-participating companies to join already committed Boston businesses that plan to hire youth this summer. For this initiative, the City of Boston partners with the Boston Private Industry Council to organize private sector employers, from the regions leading companies to neighborhood small businesses, to provide meaningful summer employment for Boston public high school students. This initiative is one part of the comprehensive Mayors Summer Jobs Program that places Boston youth in community based organizations, non-profits, and the private sector to gain valuable workplace skills including communication, teamwork, and time management. In his first budget for the City, Mayor Walsh will maintain the funding allotted for last year's program, and has pledged to create 10,000 jobs for youth in Boston this summer. For private sector employers seeking more information or to pledge to hire youth this summer, visitwww.bostonsummerjobs.org.""The summer months are a critical time. Without school to structure their days, young people can be drawn in many different directions, sometimes toward trouble,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""But with meaningful work, they can grow in a positive direction. When we talk about addressing the root causes of violence, that's what we mean. Its about providing young people with opportunity and putting them on pathways to success."""
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the filing of an amendment to the City of Boston's Rental Housing Inspection Ordinance that will help ensure that Boston residents who rent live in safe and healthy units. He has also given a directive to the Inspectional Services Department to begin inspecting rental units in Boston, focusing most of this years inspections on landlords with a history of code violations and compliance issues.""Boston has some of the oldest housing stock in the country, and too often we only find out about serious health and safety issues through tenant complaints or after a tragedy has struck. This is an important step in ensuring access to safe and healthy housing for all Bostonians,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Proactive inspections that will begin this spring will allow the city to correct housing problems sooner and connect landlords with services and programs that will help them repair their units quickly and at lower cost. We heard concern from our constituents that the registration fees may have been a barrier to some landlords, but this amendment strikes a balance with those concerns and addressing the real safety issues we see in neglected rental properties.""Mayor Walsh made the announcement today at 50 Evelyn Street in Mattapan, owned by an out-of-state loan company. The tenants of the residence were displaced following a complaint received by the Boston Fire Department involving frozen and leaking pipes, absent utilities, and a building flood. As of today, all violations remain outstanding, and the tenants remain without permanent housing. For today's announcement, Mayor Walsh was joined by Brian Swett, Chief of Environment & Energy for the City of Boston, and Dr. Megan Sandel, M.D. M.P.H., Boston University Schools of Medicine and Public Health, and pediatrician at Boston Medical Center.On Monday, Mayor Walsh will submit an amendment to the City Council proposing to waive the registration fees for rental units in 1-3 family owner-occupied buildings, and to provide for a hardship waiver for 4-6 family owner-occupied buildings where the owner is a senior (age 65 or older), or has an infirmity or other circumstances that makes the fee a hardship. In addition, under the proposed amendment, the City of Boston is making the commitment to refund registration fees that have been paid, to date, by properties that will now fall under this exemption. This is a shift from the ordinance's current form, which requires all owners of rental units to pay annual fees to the Inspectional Services Department as part of its registration program. There are currently over 108,000 registered units in the City of Boston from over 16,000 different landlords. Of these, approximately 10,000 units would be eligible for a registration fee refund.With the proposed changes to the fee structure, the City of Boston is maintaining its commitment to ensuring that residents have a safe and healthy place to live. Bostons proactive rental registration and inspection program will help the City correct dangerous housing conditions before tragedies strike and address longstanding health problems associated with non-code compliant housing conditions such as mold and pest infestations."
"Thousands of Chromebooks have just arrived to Boston Public Schools, and thousands more are coming, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced this morning at the Mildred Avenue K-8 School, where some students became familiar with the low-cost laptops that allow easy access to the internet and Google applications.This is the kind of investment that will pay long-term dividends, said Mayor Walsh. By providing low-cost computers to our students from elementary to high school, we are preparing them for the future. Watching students this morning at the Mildred, I witnessed the learning potential these laptops hold.""Walsh celebrated with Mildred students and staff the initial delivery of Chromebooks.By the end of April, the district expects to receive a total of 10,000 Chromebooks, a ratio of one laptop for every six students, providing increased computer access for virtually every class in every school. The devices use a simplified operating system that is similar to an internet browser, allowing more students to get online and increase their web research and typing skills.The School Committee is focused on closing the opportunity and achievement gaps for all our students, said Michael ONeill, Chair of the School Committee. It is clear that being conversant with technology is critical and the School Committee is pleased that we are working to put the right tools in the hands of our students, both for academic success and for demonstrating success with online testing.""Being adept at using a laptop for research and test taking is critical today,"" said John McDonough, Interim Superintendent. ""We want our graduates to have the skill to use a laptop, so that when they go to college or start their career, they can hit the ground running. With these Chromebooks, we are now in the position to offer our students the opportunity to gain that expertise.''Computer skills are increasingly necessary for success in college and careers, and the opportunity for students to use technology in schools will better prepare BPS graduates to lead productive lives. Most immediately, the Google Chromebooks will aid students in taking the PARCC assessment - a new online assessment that is being piloted in 70 Boston schools starting on March 24. Over the past months, our schools have been getting tech upgrades- more dedicated access points and additional wireless updates- to accommodate this new technology and testing procedure.Chromebooks use Google, providing a safe online environment. The laptops remain at the schools, but students can save all their work to iCloud so they can pick up where they left off each time they use one. Students will also have access to their work away from school simply by logging onto their Google account on their home computer or at a public library.BPS was one of the first school districts in the country to give every teacher a laptop, so our instructors have been working with similar technology for years. Their familiarity makes them suited to immediately incorporate the Chromebooks into their lessons.The Chromebook project is funded through a lease-purchase loan through City Hall. The City received a loan of $3 million and BPS is responsible for paying the loan across three years. The Office of Instructional and Information Technology (OIIT) at Boston Public Schools is covering half of the payment while schools receiving the Chromebook carts will pay the other half out of their school budget.An individual school will pay roughly $5000 over three years per classroom set of Chromebooks, a significant discount from the standard price for a classroom set.For more information about the Chromebook project, visit:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHFz-OfRoWs&list=UUeTUc6hmad8GwdZQyGG_HmA"
Boston Public Library will host lectures, author talks, and workshops at the Central Library in Copley Square and branch locations through the month of April, including Boston Marathon commemorative programs April 14-19, Money Smart Week workshops April 5-10, and authors from a variety of genres.The library welcomes two critically acclaimed authors in conjunction with the 2014Lowell Lecture Series, which is dedicated to the theme Gateway to Reading. Norton Juster, author of the childrens classicThe Phantom Tollbooth, visits the library onWednesday, April 2, at 6 p.m., and Jeff Kinney, bestselling author and illustrator of the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series, appears onSunday, April 27, at 2 p.m.Both talks take place in Rabb Lecture Hall.Additional program highlights in April include:The complete schedule of upcoming events at Boston Public Library locations is available atwww.bpl.org/calendar.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and The Boston Cultural Council (BCC) are proud to present this years awardees of the Boston Cultural Council Grant.The Boston Cultural Council (BCC), under the umbrella of the Mayors Office of Arts, Tourism and Special Events, annually distributes funds allocated by the Massachusetts Cultural Council, a state agency, to support innovative arts, humanities and interpretive sciences programming that enhances the quality of life in our city.This years recipients include Theatre Espresso, Grub Street, Boston Ballet, and The House of Blues Foundation. A total of 75 applications were received, of which 55 were funded: 43 Program grants and 12 Field trip grants. Equaling a total of $144,419 funds allocated.The BCC is comprised of Boston residents appointed by the mayor to serve for up to six years each. The BCC annually reviews applications during a series of fall meetings conducted to evaluate the overall quality of proposed programming and its potential benefit to diverse audience in neighborhoods throughout Boston.For detailed information visit www.cityofboston.gov/arts or call 617-635-3911.The Mayors Office of Arts, Tourism, & Special Events is responsible for advancing the arts, tourism and culture in the city of Boston by providing advocacy, support, promotional and technical assistance, and by producing special events and public celebrations that reflect the citys rich diversity.
As one of the coldest winters in memory winds down, severe weather, the rising cost of fuel, and diminished federal funds represent a dangerous mixture as vulnerablehouseholds in Boston and across the Commonwealth rely on fuel assistance to keep their homes safe and warm throughout the cold season. I want to thank Governor Patrick, Secretary of the Commonwealth William Galvin as Acting Governor, and the Massachusetts Legislature for appropriating $20 million in state funds tolessen the impact of federal cuts to the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program. While Massachusetts has stepped up to meet this urgent need,I will continue working with Mayors across the country to fight for increased federal funds for LIHEAP to ensure more adequate and stable funding for this vital program.
I've never known Tom Menino to back down from a fight, and I don't expect him to start now. Mayor Menino has always been here for the people of Boston, and we're behind him today, 100%. Our thoughts and prayers are with him, Angela, their family and many friends.
Due to the Evacuation Day Holiday that will be celebrated in Suffolk County, parking will be free at City of Boston parking meters and there will be no time limits placed on metered parked on Monday, March 17, 2014. The Boston Transportation Department is advising drivers, however, that all other parking regulations in the City of Boston will remain in effect. This includes enforcement of both neighborhood street cleaning and resident parking programs.Boston Transportation Department Parking Enforcement Officers will be working their regular shifts on Monday.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced an easy and secure way forBostonpet owners to apply for dog licenses online.The online application process, available now, will make registration much easier, and the review process more manageable for Animal Care and Control personnel. Owners can apply for a dog license and access more information on-line atwww.cityofboston.gov/animals.Not only does this protect the health of our local pets, owners, and neighbors, its also a great step toward streamlining the way we do business here inBoston, Mayor Walsh said.The City ofBostonis working with a third-party vendor, Invoice Cloud, to provide online pay services for pet licenses. There will be an online credit and debit card service charge of 2.95% associated with each transaction ($1.00 minimum).Over the summer, the City ofBostonwill embark on a new public education campaign to raise awareness of the importance of dog licensing. Dog owners may be subjected to fines if their pet remains unlicensed.Earlier this month, the City of Boston launched a series of dog licensing and low-cost rabies vaccine clinics. The clinics will be held in locations throughout every neighborhood, including:South End Saturday March 8 10AM2PMAnimal Rescue League of Boston 10 Chandler StreetRoslindale Tuesday March 11 4PM8PMBoston Animal Shelter 26 Mahler RoadDorchester SaturdayMarch 1510AM2PMBCYF Leahy-Holloran Community Center 1 Worrell StreetNorth End TuesdayMarch 184 PM7PMBCYF Nazzaro Community Center 30 North Bennet StreetRoxbury Saturday, March 2210AM2PMBCYF Tobin Community Center 1481 Tremont StreetCodman Square Saturday, April 510AM2PMBCYF Perkins Community Center 155 Talbot AvenueJamaica Plain Saturday, April 1910AM2PMBCYF Curtis Hall Community Center 20 South StreetHyde Park Saturday, April 2610AM2PMBCYF Hyde Park Community Center 1179 River StreetEast Boston Saturday, May 310AM2PMBCYF Martin Pino Community Center 86 Boardman StreetFormerly Orient Heights Community CenterWest Roxbury Saturday, May 1010AM2PMBCYF Roche Family Community Center 1716 Centre StreetSouth Boston Saturday, May 1710AM2PMBCYF Condon Community Center 200 D StreetCharlestown Tuesday, May 204PM7PMBCYF Charlestown Community Center 255 Medford StreetAllston/Brighton Saturday, May 3110AM2PMBCYF Jackson/Mann Community Center 500 Cambridge StreetRoslindale Tuesday, September 234PM8PMBoston Animal Shelter 26 Mahler RoadAboutBostonAnimal Care and ControlBoston's Animal Care and Control unit offers a variety of services to Boston residents. Its mission is to provide responsive, efficient animal control services, provide a high quality of animal care and to promote responsible pet ownership.
"In the days and weeks following the 2013 Boston Marathon, a makeshift memorial grew in downtown Bostons Copley Square. Comprised of thousands of items like flowers, posters, notes, t-shirts, and running shoes, the memorial offered messages of love, support, and hope to the victims and their families as well as the broader city of Boston. Beginning April 7, select pieces from that memorial will be on display at the Boston Public Library in an exhibition called ""Dear Boston: Messages from the Marathon Memorial,"" which aims to provide visitors with a place for reflection. The exhibition will open with a special ceremony led by Mayor Walsh at 10:00 a.m. in the Librarys McKim Exhibition Hall, located in the Central Library in Copley Square, 700 Boylston Street. Dear Boston is open to the public beginning at 11:00 a.m. on April 7.""Dear Boston represents our strength and solidarity not only as a city, but also as a community that supports one another through even the most difficult of times,"" said Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""I encourage people  residents and visitors alike  to visit the exhibition, experience the resilience of the people of Boston, and view the messages of hope and healing."" Open from April 7 through May 11, the exhibition invites visitors to experience the profound emotions and solidarity evoked by the original memorial. Divided into three major sections, it transitions visitors from reflection to action and from memories of the tragedy to messages of hope and courage for the future as they move through the exhibition and out into their community. The exhibition, curated by Rainey Tisdale, is organized by a partnership that includes the Boston City Archives, Boston Art Commission, New England Museum Association, Boston Public Library, and Iron Mountain. For more information, visitwww.bpl.org/dearboston.  ""Boston Public Library is proud to host this exhibition,"" said Amy E. Ryan, President of the Boston Public Library. ""Libraries are places for community gathering and lifelong learning, in good times and in challenging times. We invite Bostonians and Bostonians at heart to visit our Copley Square location during this important time of remembrance."" In June of 2013, thousands of items from the memorial were transferred to the Boston City Archives for safekeeping after the memorial was dismantled. Now, after months of preservation and organization, selected iconic items will be displayed in the exhibition, including personal notes of condolence signs and posters from towns all over Massachusetts and the world with messages of support and encouragement items left by spectators, runners, and Marathon volunteers declarations of hope and compassion and 150 pairs of running shoes. Following the exhibition, all of the items will be preserved by Iron Mountain and available to the City for as long as needed. ""As a company with its global headquarters in Boston, the events of April 15, 2013 resonated with us deeply,"" said William Meaney, president and CEO of Iron Mountain. ""We are honored to be an organizing partner by providing our resources and expertise to the city of Bostons Marathon Memorial, affording us an opportunity grounded in the principles Iron Mountain was founded upon over 60 years ago: protecting, preserving and creating access to some of the worlds most treasured ideas, information and memories. Rest assured these precious items are safe with us."" The Dear Boston exhibition is one part of a larger community arts effort called #BostonBetter, where area museums, libraries, and archives will host various programs associated with the one-year anniversary of the 2013 marathon. For more information on this project, visitbostonbetter.org. ""Like the original memorial in Copley Square, exhibitions like Dear Boston can help us find meaning from tragedy and bring us closer together,"" said New England Museum Association Executive Director Dan Yaeger. ""We hope that #BostonBetter can provide that, helping to inspire people to act for the betterment of their communities moving forward. Were happy to help bring together the museums and museum professionals who made the exhibition and supporting events possible."" "
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City has sold general obligation bonds (Series A) via competitive sale at an interest rate of 2.88% to fund $170 million in new capital projects. Seven different firms bid on the series.""Taking advantage of our firm financial footing, the City was able to borrow at very favorable rates to invest in what counts the most when it comes to strong, vibrant neighborhoods - our schools, our libraries, and our open spaces,"" Mayor Walsh said.Bond proceeds will help finance various capital projects throughout the Citys neighborhoods, including the DudleyMunicipalCenter.The City budget includes several maintenance projects,such as targeted improvements for school facilities designated as turnaround schools, as well as the Eliot K-8 School, and Fenway High School.Other investments include significant expansion of children's and teen spaces at the central Boston Public Library location,core technology projects, fire equipment, and upgrades to parks and playgrounds.Standard & Poors Rating Services raised its investment rating toAAAfrom AA+, while Moodys affirmed theirAAArate. These ratings, the highest possible to achieve and a first in the Citys history, send a clear signal of the strength ofBostons deep and diverse economy. Additionally, this favorable interest rate translates into real savings for Boston taxpayers."
"On Tuesday, April 1, residents and visitors in three areas  Copley Square, Boston University, and Northeastern University  will have new late-night dining options: food trucks. Mayor Martin J. Walsh's Mobile Food Truck Committee, along with input from the Boston Police Department, selected the threefood truck sites based on area foot traffic and public safety. Trucks vending at these sites will keep their doors open for an extra hour, until midnight, on Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays.Food truck owners and customers have been asking for later hours for foodtrucks, and we've been listening,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""Well be looking at this pilot to see if it's something we can expand to more sites.""As of April 1, the trucks participating in the late-night pilot are:** Trucks that are vending on the public way for the first time.Pending the success of this program, including feedback from Food Truck owners and customers, as well as other involved City agencies, the Mobile Food Truck Committee will consider expanding this pilot to other appropriate sites throughout Boston."
On behalf of Mayor Martin J. Walsh, Felix G. Arroyo, Chief of Health and Human Services, today joined the Mayors Office of NewBostoniansand the Haiti Fund at theBostonFoundation to launch the Capacity-Building Initiative (CBI). The initiative was created to strengthen and increase sustainability among nine under-funded, immigrant-led, not-for-profit organizations that provide critical services to the immigrant community.These organizations work tirelessly on a daily-basis to provide educational, workforce and legal services to nearly 16,000 youth and families from diverse populations. said Mayor Walsh. Its important that they are able to continue this work for years to come. As footholds in the communities they serve, they work across cultural groups to ensure that all immigrants are able to fully participate in the civic and economic life of their neighborhood.The initiative is funded through a public-private partnership between the City ofBostonand theBostonFoundation and is designed to occur in two phases, the assessment and the implementation phase. The organizational assessment carried out by Navin Associates, along with the implementation activities, are designed to lay the groundwork for organizational change that will help these organizations to become high performing, sustainable and effective, while enabling them to develop partnerships and collaborations to achieve improved long-term outcomes for their diverse communities.Through this partnership we will be able to allow the organizations to pull through for the long haul and be able to do more, said Pierre-Andr Noel, Director of the Haiti Fund at theBostonFoundation. By strengthening immigrant organizations, the City ofBostonand TheBostonFoundation are making the whole city stronger.The nine organizations were selected due to their proven record of serving immigrant communities and the various organizational and funding challenges that they are facing. The participating organizations include A BetterTomorrowServices Inc., Brazilian Womens Group, CVC Unido, GreaterBostonNazarene Compassionate Center, La Alianza Hispana, Somali Development Center, South Shore Haitians United for Progress, Vietnamese American Civic Association, Youth and Family Enrichment Services Inc.
The exhibition City of Neighborhoods: The Changing Face of Bostonopens at the Norman B. Leventhal Map Center at the Boston Public Library on Saturday, March 22, with an open house, tours, and activities for families from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. The exhibition examines the changing landscape of Bostons neighborhoods which, during the last decade, have become younger and more ethnically and racially diverse.City of Neighborhoodscelebrates the diversity of the City and the traditions that are reflective of both Bostons great history and those that are unique to each neighborhood, said Evan Thornberry, co-curator. The exhibition explores not only the people, but the institutions in each community that grow and support the cultural identities of people from around the world who now call Boston their home.The opening of the exhibition features activities for children ages 2-12 and include coloring, geography games and crafts, and story time, all to be held in the Boston Room and the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square. Boston-based band Cruzamante will perform Cape Verdean-inspired music and then lead a show and tell of their instruments and musical style. Guided tours of the exhibition take place at 11 a.m. and 12:30 p.m. in the Norman B. Leventhal Map Center.The 45 photos, objects, and maps, many of which are based on recent census data, show where newer immigrant groups have settled and how the streets and features of a neighborhood reflect who live and work there. Today, more than 18,000 Bostonians were born in China, and nearly 9% of Bostons total population is of Asian descent. Modern Central Square in East Boston is home to restaurants and businesses that illustrate the dynamic mix of cultures and the fact that East Bostons population is almost 50% foreign-born, the highest percentage of all Bostons neighborhoods. Those with Dominican Republic heritage make up the largest foreign-born group in Boston, with the largest communities in Jamaica Plain, Roxbury, and Dorchester.The maps and research featured in the exhibition include the Map Centers historic map collection and items provided by Boston Redevelopment Authority, Research Division, Office of Digital Cartography and GIS, and the Mayors Office of New Bostonians. Exhibition translations are available in Haitian Creole, Spanish, and Chinese. The exhibition is curated by the Norman B. Leventhal Map Centers Michelle LeBlanc, Director of Education, and Evan Thornberry, Cartographic Reference Librarian. The exhibition runs through August 22, 2014, in the Norman B. Leventhal Map Center inside the Boston Public Librarys Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.The Leventhal Map Center is open Monday  Thursday: 10 a.m.  7 p.m. Friday and Saturday: 10 a.m.  5 p.m. and Sunday: 1 5 p.m.About theNORMAN B. LEVENTHAL MAP CENTER AT THE BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYThe Norman B. Leventhal Map Center is ranked among the top 10 map centers in the United States for the size of its collection, the significance of its historic (pre-1900) material, and its advanced digitization program. It is unique among the major collections because it also combines these features with exceptional educational and teacher training programs to advance geographic literacy among students in grades K-12 and enhance the teaching of subjects from history to mathematics to language arts. The collection is also the second largest in the country located in a public library, ensuring unlimited access to these invaluable resources for scholars, educators, and the general public. The Leventhal Map Center, created in 2004, is a nonprofit organization established as a public-private partnership between the Boston Public Library and philanthropist Norman Leventhal. Its mission is to use the Boston Public Librarys permanent collection of 200,000 maps and 5,000 atlases and a select group of rare maps collected by Mr. Leventhal for the enjoyment and education of all through exhibitions, educational programs, and a website that includes thousands of digitized maps atmaps.bpl.org. The map collection is global in scope, dating from the 15th century to the present, with a particular strength in maps and atlases of Boston, Massachusetts, and New England.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today kicks off the City's first-ever participatory budgeting process, inviting youth from around Boston to share their ideas for how to spend $1 million in City capital funds. Starting tonight and spanning the month of March, youth can participate by attending one of seven in-person assemblies, or by submitting ideas online. Throughout April and May, a youth committee will review ideas, and youth in Boston will be able to vote on their favorites to be funded this fall.Young people in Boston have a pulse on what is vibrant, exciting, and important to the future of our city, Mayor Walsh said. Youth Lead the Change provides them a way to have a voice in their local government and make important funding decisions.One of the few cities to adopt a direct democracy approach to budgeting, Boston is the first city in the nation to implement a participatory budgeting program targeted specifically towards youth. This program is called Youth Lead the Change. Led by Shari Davis of the Department of Youth Engagement & Employment, the City organized a steering committee of 30 local youth organizations to help design and oversee the process.Youth Lead the Change is the first of its kind in the entire country! This is super exciting for Boston, said Teena-Marie Johnson, Co-Chair of the Steering Committee. Young people all across the city work so hard to ensure that youth voices are at the center of decision making and this process is a step in the right direction.""The first step starts tonight with the inaugural youth assembly. Here youth will learn more about participatory budgeting and pitch their ideas for the City. The assemblies are scheduled for:Youth can also submit ideas on-line atboston.citizinvestor.com/.Ideas submitted on-line and through the assemblies will be reviewed by a group of volunteer Change Agents ages 12-25, in consultation with design and construction experts. During this stage projects may be combined, modified or dropped, based on further research and feedback.In June, the Change Agents will present a ballot with the final project proposals and Boston residents ages 12-25 will vote on which projects they want to see funded. The top vote-getting projects that add up to $1,000,000 will be submitted to the Mayors Office for approval.Youth Lead the Change empowers youth, teaches them about the budget, and provides them with an opportunity in shaping the city around them, said Will Fan, Co-chair of the Steering Committee. We hope that through this process more young people will realize their values and inject their vigor into the city to build a more healthy and tight-knit community.The Participatory Budgeting Project (PBP) and Citizinvestor are helping the City to implement Youth Lead the Change."
The PeopleForBikesGreen Lane Projecthas selected Boston as one of six new U.S. cities to join its intensive two-year program to build protected bike lanes. Boston will receive financial, strategic and technical assistance to create protected bike lanes, also known as cycletracks. These low-stress streets help increase vitality in urban centers and are shown to dramatically increase bike ridership, particularly among novices. The six cities, including Boston, were chosen from more than 100 U.S. cities that submitted letters of interest for the program. Other selected cities include Atlanta, GA, Denver, CO, Indianapolis, IN, Pittsburgh, PA and Seattle, WA.Launched in 2012, the Green Lane Project works with U.S. cities to speed the installation of protected bike lanes around the country. These on-street lanes are separated from traffic by curbs, planters, parked cars or posts to make riding a bike an appealing option for more people.It was extremely difficult to narrow down our selection to just six cities we are seeing an upsurge of interest in accommodating bikes on busy city streets, said Martha Roskowski, PeopleForBikes Vice President of Local Innovation. Boston has ambitious goals and a strong vision supported by the elected officials and the community. They are poised to get projects on the ground quickly and will serve as an excellent example for other interested cities.Over the next six years, I want to take Boston from one of the best bicycling cities in the country to one of the best in the world. Investing in protected bike lanes is a critical path to that success, Bostons Mayor Martin Walsh said.Since 2007, Boston went from the worst bicycling city in the country, according to Bicycling Magazine, to one of the best. Boston launched one of the first bike share systems in the country, the New Balance Hubway system, which has since grown to 130 stations and more than 1100 bicycles. Boston has added 82 miles of bike lanes and1500 bike racks and created one of the most successful community bike programs in the country, donating 1,000 bikes to low income residents and training 5,000 youth in 2013.Under Mayor Walshs leadership, Boston will begin investing in protected bike lanes consistent with the recently completed Bike Network Plan, implement a womens cycling program and expand Hubway into the neighborhoods. With Connect Historic Boston planning underway, we are on track to see some incredible improvements over the next few years, not just for people on bikes, but for all road users, said Boston Director of Bicycle Programs, Nicole Freedman.In the first two years of the program (2012 and 2013), the Green Lane Project worked closely with other major U.S. cities  Austin, TX, Chicago, IL, Memphis, TN, Portland, OR, San Francisco, CA and Washington, DC  to build protected bike lanes. Since then, the number of protected bike lanes on city streets nationwide has nearly doubled from 80 to 142  with more than half of all growth coming from the Projects six focus cities. The founding cities will continue as mentors to the new class while continuing to build their bicycling networks with the momentum driven by the Project.Boston leaders will join the Green Lane Project at an official kickoff event in Indianapolis in late April.About Boston Bikes:Boston Bikes is part of Mayor Walshs vision for a vibrant and healthy city that benefits all its citizens. It seeks to make Boston a world-class bicycling city by creating safe and inviting conditions for all residents and visitors. Boston Bikes focuses on improvements in all six universal bike planning areas: Equity, Engineering, Enforcement, Education, Encouragement and Evaluation. For more information visit:www.cityofboston.gov/bikes.About the Green Lane ProjectTheGreen Lane Projectis a program of the nonprofitPeopleForBikes, a movement to unite millions of people to improve bicycling in America. The Project helps cities build better bike lanes to create low-stress streets. It is focused on protected bike lanes, which are on-street lanes separated from traffic by curbs, planters, parked cars or posts.
"In his first address to theBostonMunicipalResearch Bureau, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today unveiled a series of commitments to makeBostona world-class, international city. The Mayor spoke of efforts underway to recruit and retain both local and international businesses, enhanceBostons cultural offerings, and embrace efficiency, data and innovation to spark progress.[Remarks as prepared for delivery attached]Were going out into the neighborhoods, around the country, and across the globe to promoteBostonas a place to do business, Mayor Walsh said. Were going to bring new economic opportunity to our city.Next week, as part of efforts to recruit businesses internationally, Mayor Walsh will meet with the consuls general stationed inBostonand pitchBostons 21stcentury workforce, thriving ecosystem of creative work spaces, and rich concentration of medical, scientific and cultural innovators. My message to the Consular Corps will be this, Mayor Walsh said in his remarks. Bostonwants to be your nations number one business partner.In addition to ongoing international efforts, Mayor Walsh announced a number of initiatives underway that will make doing business in the city ofBostonmore predictable and transparent.The Citys Inspectional Services Department has been directed to meet aggressive new benchmarks, including responding to all questions within one business day and approving 75 percent of as-of-right permits in fewer than 20 days. A hackathon will tapBostons innovation community to create a more user-friendly permitting experience.In an effort to open up more of the development process to the public, theBostonRedevelopment Authority will soon make documents under discussion at its board meetings visible in real time on the web.The Mayor also outlined a number of efforts to enhance the citys cosmopolitan culture, including the creation of a late night task force to examine how the city can foster a safe and vibrant late-night culture. Forward-thinking efforts around transportation in the city ofBostonwill take shape under theBostonMobility Action Plan, a public process to guide and envision the Citys transportation future, cutting travel times and aligning with the Citys environmental goals.In a global economy, retaining talent is just as important as recruiting employers, Mayor Walsh said. For that reason, an international business hub needs a truly cosmopolitan culture. Diversity is already a strength of ours. And Logan Airport now connects us to more cities around the world than ever before. But again, we have to be proactive.""In his address, Mayor Walsh urged the Legislature to expandBostons access to the Commonwealths Infrastructure Investment Incentive Program, or I-Cubed, to finance new public infrastructure improvements necessary to support major new private development.Mayor Walsh also announced that, for the first time in the citys history,Bostonhas received perfect Triple-A ratings from both Moodys and Standard & Poors. He committed to presenting a balanced and smart budget this spring: Embracing efficiency, we can be lean and provide the same level of service. Embracing innovation, we can take our services to another level.Mayor Walsh also discussed building positive relationships with the Citys workforce to pave the way for firm fiscal footing. Negotiations with employee labor unions have thus far resulted in: branch libraries opening on Saturdays and the central library opening on Sundays transferring the Citys Code Enforcement division from Inspectional Services to Public Works police and firefighters carrying and administering the lifesaving overdose medicine Narcan as well as constructive talks underway to reach new contracts for firefighters, superior officers, and detectives."
"Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston School Committee announced the upcoming dates for public hearings to engage the community in the search for a Boston Public Schools (BPS) superintendent.""Boston parents, students and other stakeholders have shared valuable thoughts and suggestions as we begin the process of finding a permanent school superintendent,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Engaging these voices is a fundamental step in this search, and our selection should be shaped by what our community believes that we need for our kids. Holding public hearings has been a successful tactic throughout my transition and in the early days of my administration. I look forward to hearing what our community members have to say as we begin to host these meetings.""Boston School Committee Chair Michael ONeill said the Search Committee will finalize the Superintendents job description and begin the process of attracting highly qualified candidates. ""These public hearings will allow for a wide range of input from the public at-large and from partners and groups that know our district well,"" O'Neill said. ""The School Committee saw great public input during last years external advisory committee work on student assignment as well as the Committees work on strategic planning, so we know that thoughtful and deliberate feedback will be gained by holding these hearings.""""We will rely on community input to find the right person to lead our district,"" said Search Committee Co-Chair, Hardin Coleman. ""The next superintendent must be someone who can work collaboratively with our parents, teachers, and students, as well as the greater nonprofit and business community, to give all of our children the opportunity to succeed.""""The number of hearings we will hold and their locations throughout Boston reflect our commitment to including as many perspectives as possible in this process,"" said Search Committee Co-Chair, Robert Gallery.All hearings will take place from 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. The hearing dates and locations include:In addition, the Search Committee is working with a series of youth organizations to plan a youth hearing. Details will be finalized in the coming days. The Boston School Committee has hosted public roundtables to begin this process. The information gathered through these roundtables, combined with the information gathered at the upcoming hearings, will be compiled and incorporated into their long-term strategic vision for the search process. The School Committee has begun drafting aspirational goals, which are available online for public view:http://www.bostonpublicschools.org/Page/1092.The Superintendent Search Committee will be discussing the search firm at a public meeting on March 10, from 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., at the Boston Public Schools central office (26 Court Street), in the Edward Winter Chamber. The Search Committee willthen recommend a search firm to the Boston School Committee at their March 12 meeting.Three final candidates for School Superintendent will be presented to the School Committee in June.On February 6, Mayor Walshand the Boston School Committeeannounced the formation of a Superintendent Search Committee to spearhead this effort.On February 26 the School Committee approved the Superintendent Search Committee.The Committee is a group of respected individuals who represent the diversity of the City of Boston. Each possesses a deep knowledge of BPS, and the group represents a wide array of perspectives which include teachers, current and former school administrators, higher education leaders, parents, business and philanthropy. The Superintendent Search Committee is tasked with:"
"Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the selection of a search firm to identify the permanent Commissioner of the Boston Fire Department. FACETS management consulting firm has been retained by the City of Boston and has begun the process of a nationwide search.""Following the departure of Roderick Fraser, I made a commitment to conduct a national search for his permanent replacement,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""FACETS brings significant experience to this task, and has previous experience working with the Boston Fire Department. Im confident in their skills this process will ensure that no stone is left unturned as we seek the best possible fit for our department.""FACETS will conduct a multi-phase process, including information gathering, engaging with stakeholders and the community, recruiting and vetting of qualified candidates nationwide, and creating a short list of candidates for selection by Mayor Walsh. The final list of candidates will be presented for consideration in late spring.Founded in 2006, FACETS provides management consulting services to a wide range of organizations. FACETS has completed work for organizations such as the International City/County Management Association, the International Association of Fire Chiefs, the International Association of Fire Fighters, and the National Fallen Firefighters Foundation, among others. In 2010, FACETS conducted a safety review of the Boston Fire Department. The consultants conducting this process each have over 20 years of municipal government experience in fire departments and within city government operations in peer cities to Boston."
The exhibitionPublic Women, Private Livesopens at the Boston Public Librarys Copley Square location on Friday, March 7, and runs through May 30 this year. March is Womens History Month and the exhibition celebrates distinguished female writers from the 17thcentury onward whose works influence the tastes and perceptions of generations of readers. The feelings and daily lives of these women are brought to life through exploration of their published text and personal correspondence with friends and family.The women featured in the exhibition reveal much about their personalities through their writing and give a glimpse not only into their lives, but provide context for a time that brought forth pioneers in the literature field, said curator Kimberly Reynolds.American women have been writing and publishing novels, poetry, essays, childrens literature, biographies, histories, and short stories since the 17thcentury. The majority of the writers represented in the exhibition came from or lived in Boston and surrounding areas and established a strong literary tradition in the area. The books and manuscripts illustrate the lives of reputed writers such as Emily Dickinson, Louisa May Alcott, and Julia Ward Howe, as well as those of lesser-known authors such as Hannah Adams, Helen Hunt Jackson, and Annie Fields. The breadth of topics range from Anne Bradstreets poems concerning religious and domestic themes to Sarah Orne Jewetts stories about country life.The exhibition materials are part of Boston Public Librarys rich collection of 17th-19thcentury books and manuscripts written by women. The Emily Dickinson manuscripts are a feature of theGalatea Collection, comprised of books by and about women donated by Thomas Wentworth Higginson in 1896. Additional items come from the Longfellow Memorial Collection (Artz Collection) and contain literary works from American authors, including first edition works.The Rare Books Lobby is located on the third floor of the McKim Building at the Central Library in Copley Square. It is open Monday through Friday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Learn more atwww.bpl.org/exhibitions.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first publicly supported municipal library in America, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
"A high rate of participation helped Renew Boston Solarize achieve its goal of 500 kilowatts (kW) of solar power and qualify for the lowest costs in the tiered pricing structure.Hundreds of Boston residents are now choosing to save money on their energy bills by taking advantage of this great program and going solar,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""At the same time, we're adding to the clean energy economy in the city of Boston.""The 106 new solar installations that will be installed through Renew Boston Solarize is in addition to the 460 existing residential and 100 commercial solar installations, which total 12.3 megawatts of installed solar power in Boston, equivalent to powering 1,875 homes. The four month program was designed to increase adoption and reduce the cost of solar energy by offering residents and businesses solar pricing lower than traditional sources of electricity.Renew Boston Solarize provides Bostonians with a streamlined process to install renewable energy on their homes and reduce their utility bills, says Brian Swett, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space. The program is a great model of partnership with the private sector to drive down costs and enable residents to reduce their carbon footprint.Renew Boston Solarize was a partnership with Next Step Living, a leading whole-home energy solutions company, which conducted the programs solar home assessments and brought competitively priced solar panels to Boston homeowners by providing more affordable rates and streamlining the process for going solar.As energy costs continue to rise, the City of Boston will continue to find partnerships to offer similar programs that will allow residents and businesses a better option to reduce their energy use and take advantage of affordable renewable energy.GreenovateBoston is a collective movement to ensure a greener, healthier and more prosperous future for the city by meeting City of Bostons goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050. Propelled by creativity and drive,GreenovateBoston will encourage continued sustainable growth within the city, making Boston the greenest in the United States. Visithttp://greenovateboston.orgfor details."
On behalf of the city of Boston, I wish to extend my very best wishes to Malcolm as he prepares to leave the position that he has held with great distinction.Malcolms diligent work in making the Museum of Fine Arts more accessible and welcoming to the general public and the community has made Boston an international center of arts and culture. His tenure has been marked by broad achievement and growth and the city is a richer place to live and visit because of his outstanding contributions.
Boston teens are invited to check out the Boston Public Library duringTeen Tech Week, which takes place March 10-15. Seven neighborhood locations in the Boston Public Library system have events planned, ranging from coding and programming workshops to finding creative ways to re-use and recycle technology components via art.Digital literacy and creative literacy are important parts of a well-rounded learners skill set, said Jessi Snow, Coordinator of Youth Services. Teen Tech Week is a way for the Boston Public Library to welcome teens to the library and to all the opportunities that libraries make possible.Teen Tech Week is an annual and national initiative of the Young Adult Library Services Association. In 2014, the theme isDIY @ your library(do it yourself) with the goal of raising awareness about how Boston Public Library creates a space to extend teens learning beyond the classroom where they can explore, create, and share content, and learn to be competent and ethical users of digital media.The seven Boston Public Library locations participating in Teen Tech Week are: East Boston, Egleston Square, Hyde Park, Grove Hall, Mattapan, Uphams Corner, and the Central Library in Copley Square. The complete schedule of events for Teen Tech Week and beyond can be found by searching for Teen Tech Week in the Boston Public Library calendar, which is available viawww.bpl.org/calendar.A special highlight is a Lego Mindstorm Robotics session with the Best Buy Geek Squad. This event will take place onThursday, March 13, at 4 p.m.at the East Boston Branch, located at 365 Bremen Street. The robotics session is made possible through a partnership between the Young Adult Library Services Association and Best Buy.To learn more about Boston Public Library teen programs, visitwww.bpl.org/teens.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first publicly supported municipal library in America, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.The full list of Teen Tech Week programs at the Boston Public Library is as follows:
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Main Streets today announced seven awardees for the Boston Main Streets Foundations Innovation and Impact Grants. Winners received grants for a range of projects including public art projects, two branding initiatives, marketing support, a series of business fairs, and an innovative social media/local shopping initiative hybrid.Grants were awarded both to Bostons oldest Boston Main Streets district, Roslindale Village Main Streets (RVMS), as well as the newest, Mattapan Square Main Streets. RVMS submitted a winning $5,000 request for a project that engages residents to shop locally via a tailored app they can use to log purchases and share with the community of users. Not only will theLocal Shopping/Rozzie Bucksapp aim to increase sales in the micro-local economy, it will also allow participants to earn Rozzie Bucks by committing their time in volunteer hours.Mattapan Square Main Streets was awarded $3,000 for a series of local business fairs.Think Big!,will not only reach out to current business owners to give them more tools and understanding of how to improve and expand their business reach, but will also seek to empower new entrepreneurs toThink Big!, and then plan and execute their ideas.Were funding a range of innovative projects through this initiative with the Boston Main Streets Foundation, Mayor Walsh said. This is a public-private partnership that really works our Main Streets districts can enhance what makes them unique and support their business owners.In 2013, the Boston Main Streets Foundation revised their mission to serve Bostons 20 Boston Main Street districts by including direct funding of winning proposals that deliver new or enhanced programming, services or partnership opportunities. Innovation and Impact Grants provide up to $5,000 for winning proposals. Designed to give Boston Main Streets Districts a burst of funding for new projects, the program is already into its second funding round, and has a third scheduled for late spring.Phase II winners of Innovation and Impact Grants also include:We sincerely congratulate these winners for their thoughtful proposals, and the hard work that theyre doing every day to improve their local Boston Main Streets District, said Boston Main Streets Foundation President Joel Sklar. I know that I speak for the rest of the Board when I say that Im looking forward to seeing these innovative and impactful proposals become reality to the benefit of Boston's small businesses and neighborhoods.Established in 1995, Boston Main Streets is a program of the Department of Neighborhood Development (DND), the City agency charged with expanding affordable home ownership opportunities, and directly supporting Bostons neighborhood business districts.These grants can have a profound impact, said Director Sheila Dillon. Last week, I had the pleasure of attending a graduation of an ESL Business English Class that was funded in the first round. Business owners from Hyde Jackson and Egleston Square Main Streets collaborated to make their idea a reality, partnering with their local YMCA. It was a wonderful proposal, and one Im sure will have far-reaching effects.
More than 4,000 seniors and persons with disabilities living in the Boston Housing Authoritys elderly/disabled developments will soon be getting a knock on their doors from a volunteer asking them how they are doing.Mayor Martin J. Walsh joined staff from the BHA and citys Commission on the Affairs of the Elderly today to kick off Making Connections, a new initiative to better connect BHA elderly and disabled residents with needed services, at theTorre Unidad development in the South End.Its imperative that we lend our seniors and persons with disabilities a helpful hand and provide them with the services they need, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. There are a number of valuable services available to our residents, and we want to make sure they can take advantage of the resources we provide.The joint initiative aims to survey a resident living in each of the 4,339 households in the BHAs elderly/disabled public housing developments in the city by the end of July. Trained volunteers will ask a series of questions to identify the service needs of the household following the surveys, the Commission on Affairs of the Elderly will then follow up with individualized referrals to insure that the needed services are being provided. Surveys will be conducted at individual sites on a scheduled basis for the next several months.Were pleased to begin the resident phase of this initiative, said BHA Administrator Bill McGonagle. We very much look forward to having conversations with our residents who are elderly and disabled we want to hear what they have to say and to ensure they are getting what they need to have a good quality of life.The program came about as a response to staffing and budget reductions in 2013. In May of last year, the BHA eliminated its Resident Services program for elderly/disabled residents as a result of deep federal budget cuts. Going forward, the BHA joined in partnership with the Commission on Affairs of the Elderly to better explore the needs of its elderly and disabled residents and to insure that residents were better connected to the various resources in the community that will meet those needs for them.In order to assist with this effort, an Elderly and Disabled Housing Service Committee was created by the Mayor in June 2013. The Committee included experts in public housing management, service delivery to elders and persons with disabilities, resident organizing, affordable housing law, private sector affordable housing management, and affordable housing policy. In addition, the Committee included two residents of BHA elderly and disabled housing. The Committee was charged with:The Committee will be providing recommendations to Mayor Walsh in several months.
February 24, 2014President Barack ObamaThe White House1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NWWashington, DC 20500Dear Mr. President:As Mayors of major cities across the United States, we are writing to request that you include no less than $4.7 billion for the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) in your Fiscal Year (FY) 2015 budget proposal.Seniors and low-income households in our communities rely on targeted, short-term assistance from the LIHEAP program to help cover a portion of their heating costs in the winter and cooling costs in the summer. While we understand the challenging federal fiscal constraints, we are concerned that funding for LIHEAP has declined more than 30 percent in recent years. In fact, total funding has been reduced from $5.1 billion in FY2010 to $3.4 billion in FY2014. During this period the number of households served fell from approximately 8.1 million to 6.7 million.Meanwhile, the nations poverty rate is at 15 percent, with almost 22 percent of children living in poverty, up from 18 percent at the start of the recession. These troubling poverty figures coupled with increased energy burden underscore the importance of the program. We're already seeing the demand for LIHEAP surge this year. With winter temperatures diving to their lowest in decades in some parts of the country, States of Emergency were declared all over the United States due to life-threatening winter weather. Many states are expressing concern that demand is quickly outstripping their resources as local LIHEAP offices face unprecedented requests for assistance.The Energy Information Administration projected that the cost of home heating this winter will rise six percent to $977. These cost increases are happening at a time when households are receiving smaller benefits resulting in diminished purchasing power. The average LIHEAP payments have been reduced by more than $100 since 2010, dropping from $520 in FY2010 to $406 in FY2013. Millions of seniors and low-income families on fixed incomes will have to choose between paying their energy bills and paying for food or medicine.We want to emphasize the urgency of our request given the severe weather, the rising cost of fuel, the diminished payments and the large number of households that need to be served. Again, we ask that you include no less than $4.7 billion for the core LIHEAP program in your FY2015 budget. We thank you for your consideration and look forward to working with you to address this priority.
The Boston Transportation Department is reminding drivers that City of Boston-issued resident parking permits for Allston and Brighton will expire on Monday, March 31, 2014. Notices have been sent to current permit holders advising them of the process for renewing their permits by mail, on-line, or in person at City Hall. To further ensure the convenience of the resident parking permit process, residents may also renew an existing permit, or apply for a new permit, at Bostons City Hall to Go truck, which will be stationed in the neighborhood each week during the month of March.The City Hall to Go trucks upcoming schedule is as follows.Allston:Brighton:To renew a resident parking permit at the truck, residents must make available their current permit number, the license plate number, and the make of their vehicle. If renewing for a leased vehicle or company car, the current Massachusetts motor vehicle registration, indicating that the vehicle is principally garaged in Boston, must also be provided. To request a new permit, the resident must present a completed City of Boston resident parking permit application, the vehicles Massachusetts motor vehicle registration, and current proof of residency in the form of a major credit card bill, utility bill, or monthly bank statement with the same name and address as on the vehicle registration.In addition, to both renew and apply for a new resident parking permit, residents must first pay any overdue City of Boston parking violations. Payments may be made by telephone with MasterCard or Visa by dialing (617)-635-3888 via the web atwww.cityofboston.gov/parking or in person at the Office of the Parking Clerk, Room 224, Boston City Hall.Vehicles displaying a resident parking permits are allowed to park in spaces designated Resident Permit Parking Only. Vehicles parked in violation of the resident parking regulations are subject to a $40 fine.
Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is pleased to bring back the popular Indoor Golf Clinics and invites Boston young people ages 7 and older and adults to learn how to play golf so youre ready to hit the links once spring arrives!The Indoor Golf Clinics will be taught by highly qualified golf instructors. Equipment will be provided or you may bring your own. Each session is one hour long and the sessions are once a week for six weeks. The first hour is youth instruction and the second hour is adult instruction. Select which day of the week and location works best for you from the list below and call the center directly to register. Class size is limited to 25 and reservations are first come, first served.Mondays starting March 3rd:BCYF Curtis Hall Community Center  6-8pm20 South Street, Jamaica Plain  617-635-5195Tuesdays starting March 4th:BCYF Nazzaro Community Center  5-7pm30 North Bennett Street, North End  617-635-5166BCYF Leahy-Holloran Community Center 6-8pm1 Worrell Street, Dorchester  617-635-5150Wednesdays Starting March 5th:BCYF Tynan Community Center 6-8pm650 East Fourth Street, South Boston 617-635-5110BCYF Cleveland Community Center  5-7pm11 Charles Street, Dorchester  617-635-5142Thursdays starting March 6th:BCYF Charlestown Community Center 7-9pm255 Medford Street, Charlestown  617-635-5169BCYF Hyde Park Community Center  6-8pm1179 Hyde Park Ave, Hyde Park  617-635-5178Saturdays starting March 8th:BCYF Recreation Center at Madison Park 12-2pm55 Malcolm X Blvd, Roxbury MA 02120  617-635-5206For any general questions about the clinics, please call Mike Devlin at BCYF at 617-635-5206 ext. 105.
Boston Public Library will host lectures and author talks at the Central Library in Copley Square and branch locations through the month of March, highlighting the works of writers and experts in a variety of genres.Local history enthusiasts can enjoy talks on the neighborhoods of Jamaica Plain, Mattapan, and Dorchester and also learn about the Charles River and the unique power of oral history in recapturing family stories.One special highlight for families is the appearance of Marc Brown  the creator, author, and illustrator of the acclaimed Arthur series  on Sunday, March 9, at 2 p.m. Mr. Brown is speaking at the Central Library in Copley Square in conjunction with the librarys 2014Lowell Lecture Series, which is dedicated to the theme Gateway to Reading.March talks and lectures include:Kim Harrison speaks about her newest novelThe Undead Pool, the twelfth in the bestselling urban fantasy series The Hallows, onWednesday, March 5, at 6 p.m.in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.Jamaica Plain resident Kathleen Hirsch describes her neighborhood using personal observations and interviews with community members in her recent bookA Home in the Heart of a City.Thursday, March 6, at 6:15 p.m.at the Jamaica Plain Branch of the Boston Public Library, located at 12 Sedgwick Street. Part of the JP Writes & Invites Series.Christopher Klein details the life of one of Americas first Irish-American sports heroes inStrong Boy: The Life and times of John L. Sullivan, Americas First Sports HeroonThursday, March 6, at 6 p.m.in Rabb Lecture Hall at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.Marc Brown, the creator, author, and illustrator of the beloved Arthur series, appears at the Central Library as part of the Lowell Lecture Series onSunday, March 9, at 2 p.m.in Rabb Lecture Hall in the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.Rebecca Goldstein and the audience eavesdrop on Plato as he encounters the modern world in her talk highlighting her latest bookPlato at the Googleplex: Why Philosophy Wont Go AwayonTuesday, March 11, at 6 p.m.in the Abbey Room at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.President and CEO of the Jewish Community Housing for the Elderly Amy Schectman discusses how outmigration from Mattapan and Dorchester is connected to Jewish migration patterns in and around Boston. Dr. Kerri Greenidge speaks about the evolution of Mattapan from mid-nineteenth century to today.Wednesday, March 12, at 6 p.m.in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street. Part of the Local & Family History Lecture Series,www.bpl.org/localhistory.Carolyn Wyman discusses chocolate chip cookies and their history in her bookThe Great American Chocolate Chip Cookie Book: Scrumptious Recipes & Fabled History from Toll House to Cookie Cake PieonSaturday, March 15, at 2 p.m.in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.Ted Clarke discusses the 400-year history of Bostons main riverin The Charles River: A History of Greater Bostons WaterwayonThursday, March 20, at 2 p.m.in Rabb Lecture Hall in the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.Susanna Kaysen, bestselling author ofGirl, Interrupted, speaks about her newest workCambridge, which tells the story of a girl growing up in the 1950s among the academics and artists of Cambridge, Massachusetts.Thursday, March 20, at 6 p.m.in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.Thomas Mickey speaks about his bookAmerica's Romance with English GardensonMonday, March 24, at 6:30 p.m.at the Adams Street Branch of the Boston Public Library, located at 690 Adams Street in Dorchester.Marian Pierre-Louis describes the role oral history plays in recapturing family stories and building stronger bonds, particularly within immigrant communities.Wednesday, March 26, at 6 p.m.in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street. Part of the Local & Family History Lecture Series,www.bpl.org/localhistory.The complete schedule of upcoming events at Boston Public Library locations is available atwww.bpl.org/calendar.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first publicly supported municipal library in America, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
February school vacation week is fast approaching and Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is urging young people to make plans today to attend one of the many programs and activities being offered in February.Highlights of the weeks activities are outlined below but a complete schedule is available at www.cityofboston.gov/bcyf.Summer Warm-UpA free, fun-filled event with an Olympic theme to help jump-start summer planning. It will be held at the Reggie Lewis Track & Athletic Center at Roxbury Community College on Wednesday, February 19th from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m. Information on Bostons summer programs will be given out in goody bags so parents and guardians can begin enrolling their children. There will also be guest speakers, youth performances, and other surprises. An adult must accompany children under 12. Attendees are encouraged to celebrate their cultural heritage in the true spirit of the Olympics by wearing clothing or bringing a small flag from their country.Softball Indoor Skill Sessions:Girls ages 9  18 will get a chance to work on the fundamentals of hitting, running and throwing taught by expert clinicians and college coaches. The sessions will be offered at the BCYF Tobin Community Center in Mission Hill on Tuesday, February 18ththrough Thursday, February 20thfrom 4 7:00 p.m. For more information or to sign-up, please contact Kate Hennigan at the BCYF Tobin, 617-635-5216.Frog Pond Ice Skating PartyYouth who RSVP ahead of time are invited to skate for free on Tuesday, February 18thand Thursday, February 20thfrom 10:00 a.m.  12 noon only. Join us for a morning of frost and frills at the skating rink on Boston Common. Seasoned skaters and new comers alike will have a great time. Everything is free but pre-registration is required and there is a limited number of slots available. For more information, please contact Barbara Hamilton at 617-635-5206 x101.Lifeguard Intern Institute:The Lifeguard Internship program at BCYF was developed to give teenagers in Boston ages 15-17 the opportunity to become a lifeguard as they learn first-hand about the job. Register with the HOPELineand then contact BCYF Aquatics Manager Tony Rosario to find out where skills training classes are being offered during February vacation. Attend the skills training class then BCYF will provide lifeguard training at one of our training sites after the completion of the internship. The Intern will get certification and will be able to apply for a position as a Lifeguard.Youth Track Meet with the USA Track and Field TeamBoston youth ages 16 and under are invited to participate in the annual USA Track & Field New England Youth Track Meet hosted by BCYF and USA Track and Field. It will be held on Wednesday, February 19that the Reggie Lewis Track & Athletic Center at Roxbury Community College. Registration begins at 9:30 a.m. and the event runs from at 10:00 a.m. to 12 noon. Registration fee is $1 for Boston Residents. For more information call 617-566-7600 or email office@usatfne.orgBut wait, theres more! BCYFs community centers located throughout Boston offer a variety of vacation week activities and programs. Call or stop by your local community center for more information or go to cityofboston.gov/bcyf for further information.
BOSTON  February 11, 2014  Boston Public Library offers numerous programs for children, teens, and families during school vacation week including Olympic-themed events, musical performances, Black History Month commemorations, and more.Saturday, February 15:Tuesday, February 18:Wednesday, February 19:Thursday, February 20:Friday, February 21:Saturday, February 22:Sunday, February 23:The Central Library in Copley Square will be closed on Sunday, February 16, and all Boston Public Library locations will be closed on Monday, February 17, in observance of Presidents' Day. For the complete list of programs at the Central Library and branches, visitwww.bpl.org/calendar.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first publicly supported municipal library in America, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and a coalition of community and business partners kicked off the 2014 Boston Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) campaign and celebrated the opening of 24 community-based tax preparation centers. The centers, open now through April, will assist low- and moderate-income families with filing their taxes and identifying their eligibility for the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC), an often-overlooked federal and state income tax credit.What this is all about is helping people move out of poverty and build up wealth. We have to make sure Boston is a city where everyone can climb the economic ladder to success, said Mayor Walsh. The EITC Campaign is important part of our plan to make sure everyone in Boston shares in our economic growth. My message to all Bostonians is: Get your taxes done for free at one of our sites across Boston so you can put some money back into your pocket for you and your families.The Boston EITC campaign is being supported by community and business partners, including the Boston Chinatown Neighborhood Center, Boston Federal Reserve Bank, Work INC, Action for Boston Community Development, Boston Housing Authority, Greater Boston Legal Services, 1199SEIU, Codman Square Health Center, Dorchester House, and more. At the tax centers, community partners provide free tax preparation and asset-building services staffed with IRS-certified community and business volunteers.Families, individuals and seniors who meet certain financial guidelines are eligible for the following tax credits:Senior citizens may be eligible to receive up to an additional $1,030 from the State of Massachusetts through the Circuit Breaker Tax Credit. This credit is available to all eligible seniors who pay unsubsidized rent or property taxes and is retroactive for three years. The Circuit Breaker offers a tremendous financial opportunity for those who qualify. It is important to note that seniors must file a tax return in order to receive the Circuit Breaker credit.Free Tax-Preparation Sites:To find a FREE tax preparation site near you visitwww.bostontaxhelp.orgor call617-918-5259. You can also go towww.bostonabcd.orgor call617-348-6583, visit the Mass Cash Back website athttp://masscashback.ehs.state.ma.us/, or visithttp://irs.treasury.gov/freetaxprep. Other statewide resources can be seen atwww.MassSaves.org.
"Today, during a visit to Future Chefs in the South End, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the appointment of John Barros as Chief of his Economic Development Cabinet. The appointment is a significant step towards revitalizing the way Boston approaches economic development.""John shares my belief that we have to do more than better organize our efforts  we have to ensure those efforts lead to more opportunities for all of Bostons residents and business owners,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Bostons economy is in a good position, but we can do better. With John, our job creators, and our communities all working together, we will create more economic opportunities throughout our city and take Boston to the next level.""In his role, Barros will focus on fostering economic development in all of Boston's neighborhoods through marketing Boston on a national and international scale ensuring access to employment, pathways to careers, and strong job growth streamlining licensing and permitting processes and supporting small businesses, particularly women- and minority-owned businesses.At just 17 years old, Barros was the first youth elected to the Dudley Street Neighborhood Initiative (DSNI) Board of Directors, dedicated to community collaboration in neighborhood development. Barros served as Vice President of the DSNI Board and of Dudley Neighbors, Inc., a community land trust created to assure permanent affordable housing. He went on to serve as the Executive Director of DSNI.Barros is a graduate of Dartmouth College, where he studied Economics and African/African-American Studies. During his time there, Barros was accepted into an executive training internship and placed at Chubb Group of Insurance Companies, where he worked full-time following his graduation. At Chubb, Barros helped underwrite initial public offerings for dot-com startups, supporting new business growth.Barros is a member of the 2005 Fellows class in the South African-United States Center for Leadership and Public Values and is a 2007 Barr Foundation Fellow. He has served on the Community Advisory Board for Northeastern Universitys Race and Justice Institute and the Board of the New Democracy Coalition, and was elected Co-Chairperson of the Center for Community Builders, a national practitioner network. He was a member of the Aspen Institutes Roundtable on Community Change. He is also a member of the Skillman Foundation Board of Trustees Program Committee, based out of Detroit, with a special focus in neighborhood revitalization.Barros has received numerous awards for his work, including: the inaugural Community Service Award from the Boston Day & Evening Academy in 2008 the Robert Leo Ruffin Award for his work with youth from the Archdiocese of Boston in 2004 and the Action for Boston Community Development Roxbury Community Award in 2000."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston School Committee Chair Michael ONeill announced today the formation of a Superintendent Search Committee. The Search Committee will be tasked with spearheading the national search for a permanent Superintendent of the Boston Public Schools (BPS).The selection of a permanent school superintendent will be our community's most important decision, said Mayor Walsh. We are glad to have the space to make the right choice, given that the District is in great hands with interim Superintendent John McDonough. This Search Committee represents every facet of education, from elementary school to college, from parents to teachers to administrators. With their broad knowledge base and vast experience, I know they will work diligently to search every corner of the U.S. to help the Boston School Committee make the best possible choice for our students.Members of the Boston School Committee have been working to update our vision, objectives and priorities as a District, and the natural next step is to engage a search committee to find the very best permanent Superintendent to lead our schools into the future, said Boston School Committee chair Michael ONeill. BPS is nationally regarded as one of the best urban school systems in the nation, and our next Superintendent will build on our progress to make sure every classroom leads the way in excellence, equity and ensures a high-quality education for all. We look forward to working closely with the Mayor and the community to achieve our shared vision, eliminate achievement gaps and build on our successes.The Search Committee is a group of respected individuals who represent the diversity of the City of Boston. Each possesses a deep knowledge of BPS, and the group represents a wide array of perspectives which include teachers, current and former school administrators, higher education leaders, parents, business and philanthropy. The Superintendent Search Committee will:Finalists will be interviewed by the Boston School Committee and Mayor Walsh, and will participate in community/stakeholder forums.The Search Committee includes co-leads:Hardin L.K. Coleman, Ph.D., has nearly 40 years of experience with youth development and education, serving as a classroom teacher for elementary, middle and high school, and a school counselor at the middle and high school levels. He currently serves as a Professor of Counseling and Human Development and as the Dean of the School of Education at Boston University. Dr. Coleman was appointed to the School Committee in June 2013 to fill the seat vacated by John Barros, and served as a co-chair for the External Advisory Board for School Assignment to BPS. He holds a B.A. in Psychology from Williams College, a M.Ed. from the University of Vermont, and a Ph.D. in Counseling Psychology from Stanford University. Dr. Coleman resides in the Kenmore Square area of Boston.Robert Galleryserves as Bank of America Massachusetts president, providing business, civic and philanthropic leadership for the company throughout the Commonwealth. He previously served as Chair, and currently serves on the Executive Committee, of the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce, and serves on several local nonprofit boards. Since 2007, Gallery has been a Trustee of the Boston Plan for Excellence, committed to supporting optimal student success and organizational excellence within BPS. He is a graduate of Loyola University Chicago, and received his M.B.A. from Northwestern University.The Committee also includes:Michael Contompasisretired from BPS following 42 years of service, including serving as Superintendent of Schools and Chief Operations Officer. He has received numerous awards for his work in education, and is active in local, regional and national educational leadership associations. He is a graduate of Boston University, and received a Masters Degree in Education from Boston State College, a Masters Degree in Administration, Planning and Social Policy from Harvard Graduate School of Education.Pam Y. Eddinger, Ph.D., is President of Bunker Hill Community College (BHCC), the largest community college in Massachusetts. Dr. Eddinger has served community colleges since 1993 in various leadership posts, including instruction, student services, marketing, institutional advancement and legislative relations. After immigrating to the U.S. from Hong Kong at age 11, Dr. Eddinger grew up in Miami, Florida. She is a graduate of Barnard College, and earned both her Masters Degree and Doctorate in Modern Japanese Literature at Columbia University.Bill Hendersonstarted teaching in Boston in 1973, and in 1989 was appointed principal of the Patrick O'Hearn Elementary School with a mandate to include students with significant disabilities. The school gained widespread recognition for inclusion, academic progress, arts, and family involvement. Upon his retirement in 2009, the O'Hearn was renamed the Dr. William W. Henderson Inclusion School. Bill continues to advocate for inclusion and quality education through consulting and by presenting at universities and conferences.A product of BPS,Michael ONeillwas first appointed to the School Committee in July 2008, and is currently serving his second term as Chair. ONeill has spent over 25 years as a leader in Bostons banking and insurance industries, and is active in Bostons nonprofit community, focusing on youth advocacy. He is a graduate of Boston Latin School, Boston College, Babson College and the Stonier Graduate School of Banking, and currently resides in Charlestown with his family.Laura Perilleis the CEO of EdVestors, a Boston-based nonprofit organization focused on accelerating improvement in urban schools. Prior to EdVestors, Perille worked as a consultant to schools, foundations, and nonprofit organizations serving children and families, including the Greater Boston Food Bank, Crittenton Hastings House, and Community Catalyst/Families USA. She previously served on the External Advisory Committee on School Choice, charged with forming recommendations to design a new student assignment system for the BPS. Perille is a graduate of Brown University, is a Boston resident, and is a parent of one BPS student and one BPS graduate.Jeri Robinsonis the Vice President of Early Childhood Initiatives at the Boston Childrens Museum, and has over 40 years of experience in teaching and consulting in the fields of early childhood and museum education. Robinson has been honored for her work in education by a number of organizations. She received her B.S., M.S. Ed. and an honorary Doctorate in Education from Wheelock College, and serves on numerous boards dealing with family, community, multicultural, and early childhood education issues. Robinson also served as the co-lead of Mayor Walshs Education Transition Team.Regina Robinsonis the Dean of Student Affairs at Cambridge College, focused on providing strategic leadership towards college completion and student satisfaction. Since 2008, Robinson has provided collaborative leadership throughout the Boston community with Boston Metro Early Intervention, Operation House Call, Roosevelt K-8 Parent Council, and the Massachusetts Early Intervention Consortium. Additionally, Robinson serves as an advisory board member for Thrive in Five, and is an executive Board member for the Special Education Parent Advisory Council (SPEDPAC) and Boston School Committees Inclusion Task Force team to increase the practices of inclusion and provide a voice for BPS parents. Robinson earned a Masters Degree from Liberty University, and resides in Hyde Park with her family.Richard Stutmanhas been President of the Boston Teachers Union (BTU) since June 2003, and serves as a vice president of the AFT-Mass and a vice president of the Massachusetts AFL-CIO. Prior to his union service, Stutman taught math at the middle school and high school levels for a decade. His wife, now retired, served as a Speech and Language Pathologist in BPS. Stutman is a graduate of the University of Massachusetts, and holds a diploma in Financial Planning from Boston University.Dr. Dania Vazquezserves as the headmaster of the Margarita Muiz Academy, an innovation school focused on dual language education. Dr. Vazquez has been an educator for over 31 years serving urban children and families, with expertise in ESL, language development, literacy, curriculum development, organizational development, and school transformation. She previously served as the Associate Executive Director at the Center for Collaborative Education, focusing on key initiatives including leadership development and school governance. Dr. Vazquez is a graduate of Columbia University, and received her M.S. in Bilingual Special Education from Bank Street College.Andrew Vegateaches 8th grade English/Language Arts at Orchard Gardens K-8 Pilot School, a Boston Public School in Roxbury. Vega was named a College Board AP Fellow in 2009, a Teach Plus Teaching Policy Fellow in 2011, and is currently an American Achieves Teacher Fellow. He serves as a teacher advisor for a number of national foundations, and has advised state, local, and national policymakers on education and teaching, including President Obama's top education advisors and US Secretary of Education Arne Duncan. Vega holds a degree in English from UCLA and a Masters in Teaching from Loyola Marymount University.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston is now accepting applications for the Mayors Commission for Persons with Disabilities. The commission is made up of nine members who work to help the City of Boston meet the needs of persons with disabilities who live, work and visit Boston. The Commission informs and advises the City on policies and procedures affecting the disability community.""As Mayor of the City of Boston, I represent all our residents, and ensuring the voice of our disability community is heard is a priority for me,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""I'm looking forward to working with the Commission on new ideas that will make the City of Boston more accessible and welcoming to all.""The City is currently seeking applications from people with disabilities that reflect the diverse needs of Bostons neighborhoods and communities. Members will be appointed by the Mayor and serve in a volunteer capacity for a term of three years. Applicants must be residents of the City of Boston.Letters of interest are due by March 1, 2014, and should be sent to the attention of: Kristen McCosh, Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities. Any questions can be directed to Kristen McCosh atkristen.mccosh@boston.govor by phone at 617-635-3682. For more information, visit:http://www.cityofboston.gov/disability/commission.asp."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) invite Boston youth and families to BCYFs Summer Warm-Up, a free, fun filled event during February School Vacation Week to help jump-start summer planning. It will be held at the Reggie Lewis Track & Athletic Center at Roxbury Community College on Wednesday, February 19thfrom 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.Organized by Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) the Summer Warm-Up is a high-energy event that will make participants feel like they are at the Olympics with music, youth performances, interactive games, and most importantly--summer resources. This event provides young people and their families with a fun school vacation week event while urging them to think about summer plans now. Summer information will be highlighted throughout the event and in goody bags distributed at the end. Most programs are enrolling and this event provides all kinds of information about whats available. Dont get left out!Boston residents of all ages are welcome. Children under 12 must be accompanied by an adult. Attendees are encouraged to celebrate their cultural heritage in the true spirit of the Olympics by wearing clothing or bringing a small flag from their country.If you are a program or organization that will be hosting programs/events this summer that you would like to highlight, let us know! We will be putting together resource bags to be given away to youth and families attending this event. Please bring 1,000 copies of your summer information to BCYFs Administrative Offices, 1483 Tremont Street, Roxbury Crossing, ATTN: Meagan by Friday, February 14th at 5pm.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh visited a city-run shelter at Long Island today to meet guests and staff, to learn more about programs, and to release the findings of Bostons 34th Annual Homeless Census. Conducted six weeks ago by city officials, community leaders, and more than 350 volunteers, this years results show a 3.8% increase in the number of homeless men, women, and children in the City of Boston. The point-in-time count found 7,255 homeless persons, compared to 6,992 the previous year.These numbers are very troubling, and paint a stark picture of vulnerable populations in our city, said Mayor Walsh. Major cities around the country are seeing these kinds of increases, as rents go up and incomes dont. My vision for Boston is that we want to be a City that works for all of our residents, where stable families have safe and stable housing, in stable neighborhoods. I am asking our whole community to work with me and rally around these issues.Mayor Walsh called on city agencies and Bostons network of homeless service providers to expand successful housing strategies and to continue to develop innovative approaches to respond to the rising need. Recent efforts have helped to decrease the number of people living on the street to transition frequent users of emergency services out of hospital emergency rooms and into housing with intensive stabilization services and to reduce homelessness among veterans. Last fall, city, state, and federal agencies worked together to house more than 100 veterans in 100 days.Relative to most major cities, Boston has few homeless adults living on the streets. The street count made up approximately 2.5% of the total homeless count.The rise in family homelessness and homeless children is a serious cause for concern, however. There were 1,234 homeless families in Boston on the night of the census, a 5.8% increase over the previous year. The number of families living in congregate shelter increased by 26%, a reflection of the states effort to move away from sheltering families in motels by increasing the number of congregate shelter beds. For the first time since the city began the annual census, the number of homeless children in Boston surpassed 2,000. Census volunteers counted 2,056 homeless children, an increase of 4.3% over the previous count.The number of adults in emergency shelter also rose for the second consecutive year, this time by 10.5%. Bostons shelters continue to see both increased seasonal demand in the winter and increased regional demand throughout the year. Preliminary findings from the December count show that over a third of emergency shelter guest in Boston came from a community outside of the city.Homeless adults in substance abuse treatment programs increased by 7.6%, including a 10.6% increase in adults in recovery homes.The Mayor announced several steps that city agencies and community partners would begin to take to provide improved housing support to those in need:Mayor Walsh released the census results after touring programs at the Long Island Shelter, an emergency shelter with 400 beds that has been operating at capacity in recent months, illustrating the housing and economic strain that an increasing number of people are facing in Boston. The shelter is unique in that it is home to a continuum of services for homeless and formerly homeless adults. The Wyman Re-Entry Center, a 90-day residential substance abuse and recovery program supports court-involved men, for example. Transitional housing programs, such as Safe Harbor, which serves adults with HIV, and Project SOAR help clients maintain sobriety and move to permanent housing.One of the shelters more well-known initiatives is Serving Ourselves, a work rehabilitation program where clients help staff to prepare meals and tend to an organic farm that produces 25,000 pounds of fresh fruits and vegetables, much of which is used in meals for shelter guests at Long Island and at Woods-Mullen, the citys other emergency shelter.Operated by BPHC, the citys two emergency shelters serve 800 adults each night, making the BPHC the largest shelter provider in Boston.Clickherefor the complete results from the 2013 Homeless Census.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that Boston will join the City Energy Project (CEP), a new joint initiative of the Institute for Market Transformation (IMT), the National Resources Defense Council (NRDC) and select cities with ambitious strategies to save energy and reduce their buildings greenhouse gas emissions. The CEP will help 10 cities develop their locally tailored plans to advance energy efficiency and reduce waste in their largest buildings.In Boston, the City Energy Project will support the outreach and implementation around the citys Building Energy Reporting and Disclosure Ordinance (BERDO) and its Renew Boston energy programs large-building strategy, efforts which could save the commercial sector hundreds of millions of dollars in energy costs in the next 10 years.We are proud to partner with the City Energy Project as well as the other world-class cities participating in this important initiative, Mayor Walsh said. Last year, Boston was ranked the most energy-efficient city in the United States, and we know that through collaborations like this one, well continue our progress towards being an even greener, healthier city with a growing economy.The CEP will also offer expertise to guide cities in promoting strong private and municipal building energy performance, private investment in building improvements and transparency of buildings energy performance. As part of its work with Boston, the City Energy Project will provide on-site staff to assist outreach around the Citys 2014 roll-out of BERDO, which requires all large buildings to rate and publicly report annual energy and water usage to improve resource management and to reduce emissions.This capacity, as well as CEPs support of the Renew Boston Strategic Plan for commercial, industrial and large residential buildings, will directly support Bostons Climate Action Plan, which sets out the Citys strategies for reducing its greenhouse gas emissions by 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050. The Plan, which is being updated in 2014, recognizes that Bostons buildings produce over two-thirds of the citys emissions.By providing for staff and programming devoted to our large building energy-efficiency efforts, the City Energy Project is in turn helping us meet one of our single most important greenhouse gas reduction goals, said Chief of Environment and Energy Brian Swett. Wed like to thank IMT and NRDC for helping create meaningful action against climate change in Boston.Joining Boston in the launch of the CEP are Atlanta, Chicago, Denver, Houston, Kansas City, Los Angeles, Orlando, Philadelphia and Salt Lake City. The 10 cities combined are estimated to be able to reduce carbon emissions by a total of 5 million to 7 million tons of carbon emissions annually, which is equivalent to taking more than one million passenger cars off the road per year.City skylines have long been symbols of aspiration and innovationthis project takes that to a new level, said Laurie Kerr, Director of the City Energy Project at the Natural Resources Defense Council. These mayors are showing there is the political will to put people to work to build a healthier, more prosperous future for Americas cities. In the face of a changing climate and increasingly extreme weather, these city leaders know they cannot wait for the state or federal government to make them more resilient and sustainable  they are taking action now.We have the skills and technology to make buildings more efficient, but we need a coordinated effort by major cities and the private sector to make it happen, said Cliff Majersik, executive director of the Institute for Market Transformation. The City Energy Project will give city leaders and the real estate industry the support they need to make buildings better, improving the lives of millions of city residents.Todays announcement follows the release of The American Council for Energy-Efficient Economys 2013 scorecard, which ranked Boston as the most energy-efficient city in the United States for its climate policies and programs.About the City Energy ProjectTheCity Energy Project is a multiyear partnership between two non-profit groups, the Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC) and the Institute for Market Transformation (IMT), and 10 leading U.S. cities. Working together, the City Energy Project and participating cities will ramp up energy efficiency in their communities buildings, cutting expensive energy waste and reducing harmful carbon pollution.The City Energy Project is made possible from funding in a partnership of Bloomberg Philanthropies, the Doris Duke Charitable Foundation, and The Kresge Foundation. Visitcityenergyproject.orgto learn more.About Greenovate BostonGreenovate Boston is a collective movement to ensure a greener, healthier and more prosperous future for the city by meeting The City of Bostons goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 25% by 2020 and 80% by 2050. Propelled by creativity and drive, Greenovate Boston will encourage continued sustainable growth within the city, making Boston the greenest in the United States. Visithttp://greenovateboston.orgfor details.
Boston Public Librarys 2014 Gateway to Reading Lowell Lecture Series beginsThursday, February 6, at 6 p.m.in Rabb Lecture Hall and features an appearance from Nnive Calegari, the co-founder of 826 National, which she helped grow from a local tutoring program into an influential education phenomenon that partners with organizations across the country. The series runs through May, welcoming highly acclaimed writers, illustrators, and educators in the childrens literature field.A former teacher, Nnive Calegari is the president of the Teacher Salary Project the co-author ofTeachers Have It Easy and the co-producer ofAmerican Teacher, a documentary by Oscar-winning director Vanessa Roth, with narration by Matt Damon. With Dave Eggers, Ms. Calegari started 826 Valencia, a student writing program that has spawned 826 National as well as many other local 826 chapters. She received her teaching credential at Harvard's Graduate School of Education and spent her first year teaching in a classroom setting at Cambridge Rindge and Latin School.The series continues with recipients of the highest honors in the childrens literature field for their groundbreaking and timeless works:Marc Brown, the creator, author, and illustrator of the Arthur seriesNorton Justerof the classicThe Phantom TollboothandThe Dot & the Line Diary of a Wimpy Kid series author and illustratorJeff Kinney andJack Gantos,creator of the Rotten Ralph picture book series and Joey Pigza novels.The complete schedule is available online atwww.bpl.org/lowell. All Lowell Lectures take place in Rabb Lecture Hall at the Central Library in Copley Square. The Lowell Lecture Series is generously sponsored by the Lowell Institute, established in 1836 with the specific mission of making great ideas accessible to all people, free of charge.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first publicly supported municipal library in America, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
Today, my thoughts and prayers are with the families of Martin Richard, Lingzi Lu, Krystle Campbell, Sean Collier, and the brave survivors whose lives have been forever changed by the events of April 15, 2013. I cant imagine what they are feeling today. Over the past nine months, the people of Boston have shown the world that we are a city full of heart and courage. We stand together as One Boston in the face of evil and hatred. Attorney General Holder has applied the law in this case, and I support the process that brought him to this decision.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today unveiled his plans for a comprehensive reorganization of the cabinets and departments of the City of Boston.Our role as a government is to improve peoples lives, and the purpose of this reorganization is to better deliver services to the people of Boston, Mayor Walsh said. As a new administration serving a rapidly changing city, weve had an opportunity to take a good hard look at what worked, what could work better, and make changes to become more efficient and improve outcomes for the people we serve.The structure will include 12 cabinets: Arts & Culture Chief of Staff Economic Development Education Environment, Energy & Open Space Finance & Budget Health & Human Services Housing & Neighborhood Development Information & Technology Operations & Administration Public Safety and Streets, Transportation & Sanitation. The leadership team will also include,ex officio, the Corporation Counsel, Chief of Policy, and Chief Communications Officer. With this reorganization, two cabinets have been consolidated: Advocacy & Strategic Investment, and Public Property. Departments previously under these cabinets have been realigned within the new structure.Improving Delivery of ServicesMany of the changes to the cabinet are intended to streamline services and improve collaboration among departments with common goals. The cabinet of Streets, Transportation & Sanitation, for example, will better align operations of the Department of Public Works, the Boston Transportation Department and Boston Water & Sewer, departments that frequently work together in different capacities.Elevating the ArtsThe Arts & Culture cabinet will be a partner in all creative, economic and tourism discussions and initiatives. The addition of this cabinet fulfills Mayor Walshs pledge to create a vehicle through which the City can work to increase diversity and inclusion, seek grants and sponsorship opportunities, and secure funding and support for Bostons arts community.Economic DevelopmentThe creation of the Economic Development cabinet is the first step in a broad effort to streamline and support the areas of focus that contribute to Bostons economy, including tourism, jobs and employment, businesses development, and real estate development. Mayor Walsh has consistently emphasized the need for increased transparency and accessibility for all Bostonians  especially women- and minority-owned businesses, and local businesses  to share in and benefit from the economic boom in Boston.ProcessThe cabinet review and restructure began in the transition period, as Mayor Walsh worked closely with the transition committee co-chairs to seek input from transition committee members, Boston residents and businesses, and other stakeholders. Over the course of the transition and the early weeks of the administration, Mayor Walsh received input internally, through the web, phone calls and meetings, and a number of public hearings.Looking ahead, there may be additional organizational changes and consolidation at the department level. The cabinet changes will be implemented over the coming months some changes will be reflected in the upcoming fiscal year budget, but the timeframe for some changes will be influenced by current vacancies and the timing of audits and studies on the reform of an agency (e.g., the Boston Redevelopment Authority).
We cannot become complacent to the death of any young person in our City we need to stop these events from happening in the first place.Yesterday, I asked Boston Police Commissioner Bill Evans, Chief William Gross, and Superintendent Bobby Merner to brief me on recent violent events in our City. Here is what we know:In the coming days, I will be convening several groups to discussactionswe can take in several of the areas that I discussed with Commissioner Evans and his Command Staff. We will work with all levels of government, law enforcement, and the community toreduce the trauma in our neighborhoods, get guns off the street, and address the underlying causes of violence.While there is no single solution, improving public safety is among my highest priorities.This kind of violence cannot become commonplace we should be shocked every time we hear of another shooting, of another death in our community.
I applaud President Obama for focusing tonight on economic mobility and income equality across our country. Every kid in every neighborhood deserves the chance for a pathway to higher education and a good career. Nowhere in the United States of America should your zip code define your destiny.  President Obama's proposals for strengthening our economy and creating jobs are good ones. He is right to define this year as one of action. Workers earning the minimum wage cannot wait. The long-term unemployed cannot wait. Entrepreneurs and small businesses looking to innovate and grow our local economies cannot wait. Our broken immigration system cannot wait. Cities - the economic engines of our country - we can't wait.  Finally, I want to thank the President and First Lady for recognizing two people who represent the indomitable spirit of the City of Boston, Jeff Bauman and Carlos Arredondo. Their courage in the face of tragedy is something we can all be proud of.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the Massachusetts Department of Public Health has awarded the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) nearly $250,000 through the Commonwealths Prevention Wellness Trust Fund to implement the first phase of a partnership to reduce health care costs through prevention and improved chronic disease care. The BPHC and a host of partners, including community health centers, the Boston Public Schools, child care facilities, and the citys Commission on Elderly Affairs, will collaborate on a project to address hypertension, pediatric asthma, and elder falls in Roxbury and North Dorchester, where residents are burdened by some of the states most substantial health inequities. Boston is one of nine award recipients statewide.This grant will allow us to focus on the neighborhoods where our residents are most impacted by health inequities, and leverage our network of community health centers to provide better access and proactive care, Mayor Walsh said. At the same time, were looking ahead to establishing best practices that can be expanded to every neighborhood in the city of Boston.The first phase of the project involves a six-month capacity building effort by the partners. After demonstrating readiness to implement interventions in community and clinical settings, the BPHC and its partners will receive an additional $900,000 to $1.5 million for each of the next three years to carry out the interventions.As a lifelong asthmatic I know firsthand the importance of what this grant will allow us to accomplish, said Felix Arroyo, Chief of Health and Human Services for the City of Boston. Not only will we be able to reduce health care costs, we'll be working towards chronic disease prevention and improving chronic disease care.Black, Latino, and low-income residents who face disproportionately high burdens of asthma and hypertension and elders of all races and ethnicities who face a high risk of falls are the target populations. Black and Latino residents make up 65% of the population in Roxbury and North Dorchester, where between a quarter and a third of families live below the poverty level.We are deeply honored to receive this award, which gives us a unique opportunity to work with an accomplished group of committed partners to reduce major health inequities that affect our neighborhoods, said BPHC Executive Director Dr. Barbara Ferrer. Our team is organized to help residents overcome the economic, cultural, and linguistic barriers that have historically limited their access to clinical and community-based services.The rate of pediatric asthma emergency department visits and hospitalizations in the two neighborhoods is substantially higher than city- and state-wide rates. Similarly, residents of both neighborhoods, where obesity rates surpass those of Boston as a whole, are approximately 30% more likely to suffer from hypertension. The prevalence of smoking, which contributes to asthma and hypertension, is higher in these areas than Boston overall. The project area is also home to over 12,000 seniors, an age group that accounted for 84% of fall-related deaths in Massachusetts in 2010.Led by the BPHCs Medical Director Dr. Huy Nguyen, the project will take a population health management approach to creating interventions that address hypertension, pediatric asthma, and elder falls in an integrated way across all of the provider organizations involved in the initiative. Dr. Nguyen is a practicing pediatrician at Dorchester House Multi-Service Center, one of eight community health centers participating in the project. The others are Bowdoin Street, Codman Square, Geiger Gibson, Neponset, Harvard Street, Uphams Corner, and Whittier Street.The project plan calls for health centers and community partners to utilize evidence-based practices that help patients better manage their health to strengthen mutual referral and service relationships to identify, track, and better serve at-risk individuals and to build, test, and refine sustainable clinical-community linkages to reduce health inequities. Every health center serving Roxbury and North Dorchester is a partner on the project, and each center will address all three health conditions. The neighborhoods shared community assets and network of providers, residents, and existing prevention and wellness initiatives will be leveraged to address common health challenges and inequities that impact the communities.Pediatric asthma work will focus on improving care for high risk patients by providing smoking cessation tools and by integrating asthma management across clinical, day care, school, and home settings. Expanded care teams that include area pharmacists and community health workers will engage hypertensive patients to improve their blood pressure. To strengthen fall prevention efforts, providers will identify at-risk seniors through an assessment process and connect them to balance and mobility programs as well as services to improve the safety of their homes.The working group hopes Roxbury and North Dorchester, with a combined population of 140,000 residents, will serve as a proving ground for strategies that could be expanded citywide in the future. Planners will look at ways in which the interventions and lessons learned can be shared with the broader community by engaging hospitals and health centers outside of the project area, for example, in developing and disseminating successful strategies.
The arts community is a vital piece of our Citys infrastructure that not only brings depth to Boston, but also supports tourism and civic engagement here.Berklee is a cultural beacon that draws talent from around the world to Boston.We need to continue to foster and retain this talent in Boston. Id like to extend sincere congratulations to those Berklee College of Music alumni nominated for this years Grammy Awards. A special congratulations to the seven Berklee alumni who won in their respective categories: Ben McKee, Daniel Platzman, Wayne Sermon, Lalah Hathaway, Terri Lyne Carrington, Stephen Oremus, and Gil Goldstein.
Boston Public Library will observe Black History Month in February with a series of activities and events for all age groups. Highlights from the months programming include a variety of music programming, crafting, and themed talks:The complete schedule of upcoming events at Boston Public Library locations, for Black History Month and beyond, is available atwww.bpl.org/calendar.Also in February, Boston Public Library publishes its annualBlack is booklist, a staff compilation of recent books by and about African Americans for adult readers. The 2014 list includes a variety of genres and works by authors such as Maya Angelou, Alice Walker, and Sidney Poitier.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first publicly supported municipal library in America, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced he has appointed Lisa Mansdorf Pollack as the City of Bostons Chief Communications Officer. Pollack will be responsible for shaping communications strategy for the City of Boston and its departments and agencies. Pollack most recently served as director of media and public relations at the Department of Neighborhood Development, a City agency responsible for economic development, housing policy and the creation of affordable housing.Lisa brings a unique blend of skills and a wealth of experience in both the private and public sectors, Mayor Walsh said. She loves the City of Boston, knows the inner workings of city government, and shell play a huge role in bringing City communications to the next level.Pollack will serve as Mayor Walshs adviser on communications issues, lead crisis communications for the City, continue to expand the Citys use of new media, and unify the Citys communications across departments and platforms.Pollack began her career as a staff photographer in the Office of Mayor Thomas M. Menino and later as a senior media liaison for Mayor Menino, where she helped shape and deliver the Administration's message through the Democratic National Convention, several election cycles, and the crisis of September 11, 2001.In 2004, Pollack joined Denterlein, a strategic communications firm, where she rose to the position of Vice President. In nearly nine years with Denterlein, Pollack counseled C-level executives and their senior leaders in developing strategies that embraced internal communications, social media, thought leadership and media relations.Pollack is a 1994 graduate of Brandeis University, where she earned her bachelors degree in sociology. She lives with her husband Lou Mansdorf and their daughter in West Roxbury.
Boston Public Library and Massport, the states public authority that operates Boston Logan International Airport, Hanscom Field in Bedford, Worcester Regional Airport and the public terminals in the Port of Boston, have partnered to enrich and grow library services at the new East Boston Branch. Massport generously donated $25,000 in order to support a year of programs for the branch, which is located at 365 Bremen Street.The generosity of Massport ensures the library programs at the East Boston Branch will thrive, said Amy E. Ryan, President of the Boston Public Library. We are immensely grateful for Massports investment in providing learning opportunities to the residents of East Boston.Massport sponsored the November 2, 2013, opening day program at the East Boston Branch. Program planning for 2014 is well underway and includes author and speaker appearances, performances, and events for library users of all ages, including anupcoming bike programfor teens that focuses on building skills in basic bike maintenance and safety.Massport is proud to support an outstanding community resource like the Boston Public Library, said Massport CEO Thomas P. Glynn. We can already see how successful it is, and we are happy to have played a role in bringing a new library to our neighbors in East Boston.At nearly 15,000 square feet in size, theEast Boston Branchfeatures an open floor plan with dedicated areas for children, teens, and adults. The creation of an early literacy nook in the children's area is the first in the Boston Public Library system. The branch was designed for building and energy efficiency and will achieve LEED Silver certification from the United States Green Building Council.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, a literacy center, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first publicly supported municipal library in America, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.About the MASSACHUSETTS PORT AUTHORITYThe Massachusetts Port Authority (Massport) owns and operates Boston Logan International Airport, public terminals in the Port of Boston, Hanscom Field and Worcester Regional Airport.Massport is a financially self-sustaining public authority whose premier transportation facilities generate more than $8 billion annually, and enhance and enable economic growth and vitality in New England. No state tax dollars are used to fund operations or capital improvements at Massport facilities. For more information please visitmassport.com.
The City of Bostons Transportation Department announced today that a new pedestrian activated traffic signal has been installed on Bennington Street in East Boston, directly in front of the Wood Island MBTA Station. The new equipment is expected to better ensure pedestrian safety on this busy stretch of Bennington Street.East Boston residents have for many years taken full advantage of the MBTA Blue Line that provides public transportation service in the neighborhood, said Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh. I want to make sure that when residents are walking to and from the five T stations located in East Boston, they are able to make their way safely across our local streets. This new pedestrian activated traffic signal will go a long way toward this goal for neighborhood residents from the Wood Island Station area.The new traffic signals are pedestrian activated, meaning that the red light to stop vehicular traffic will only come on when the pedestrian pushbutton on the base of the signal pole is pressed. At all other times, the signals will remain green. In addition to the new traffic signals, Stop Signs have been installed for vehicles exiting both Wood Island Station and the commuter parking lot located on the opposite side of Bennington Street, under the Route 1 overpass.We have appreciated this opportunity to work with the East Boston community on this pedestrian safety project, said Acting Boston Transportation Department Commissioner James Gillooly. In an effort to keep our streets free of traffic congestion, BTD consistently encourages people to leave their cars at home and take the MBTA. It is rewarding to have this opportunity to install this equipment designed specifically to assist those residents who are, in fact, commuting each day via the T.East Boston drivers are advised to drive carefully in the vicinity of all MBTA Stations in the neighborhood and watch for pedestrians in the roadway at all times.
Boston Public Librarys 2014 Gateway to Reading Lowell Lecture Series begins February 6 and runs through May. The library welcomes esteemed writers of childrens literature from toddler to teen genres. Bestselling authors and award winners are joined by noted experts and scholars in the field who explore major issues, questions, and scholarship around the creation of books for children and the importance of childhood literacy.The series features recipients of the highest honors in the childrens literature field for their groundbreaking and timeless works:Marc Brown, the creator, author, and illustrator of the Arthur seriesNorton Justerof the classicThe Phantom TollboothandThe Dot & the Line Diary of a Wimpy Kid series author and illustratorJeff Kinney andJack Gantos,creator of the Rotten Ralph picture book series and Joey Pigza novels.The complete schedule is available online atwww.bpl.org/lowell. Speakers appearing in the 2013-2014 Lowell Lecture Series include:Nnive Calegari is the co-founder with Dave Eggers of 826 National, which she helped grow from a local tutoring program into an influential education phenomenon that partners with schools, families, and community organizations across the country. A former teacher, Calegari is the president of the Teacher Salary Project the co-author ofTeachers Have It Easy and the co-producer ofAmerican Teacher, a documentary by Oscar-winning director Vanessa Roth, with narration by Matt Damon.Marc Brown is the creator, author, and illustrator of the beloved Arthur series, featuring his iconic little aardvark with a big agenda. More than 66 million Arthur books are now in print in the United States and the PBS television showArthuris the networks most-watched childrens program and the winner of six Emmy Awards. It is enjoyed by children and families in more than 100 countries around the world. Brown and his wife Laurie Krasney Brown are also the creators of the critically-acclaimed nonfiction Dino Life Guides for Families series.Norton Juster is perhaps best known for his childrens classic,The Phantom Tollbooth. The year 2011 marked the 50th anniversary ofThe Phantom Tollbooth, which has sold close to four million copies since its publication. In addition toThe Phantom Tollbooth, he has also penned a number of other highly acclaimed childrens books, includingThe Dot & the Line, which was made into an Academy Award-winning animated film, and the recentThe Hello, Goodbye Window, illustrated by Chris Raschka, which was awarded a Caldecott Medal.Jeff Kinney is the bestselling author and illustrator of the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series, which has more than 100 million copies in print in 44 languages around the world.Diary of a Wimpy Kidwon Favorite Book at the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards three times, and Kinney was twice voted Author of the Year at the Children's Choice Book Awards. Kinney was named one ofTimemagazine's 100 Most Influential People in the World and is the creator of Poptropica.com, a virtual world for kids.Maria Tatar is the John L. Loeb Professor of Germanic Languages and Literatures at Harvard University, where she chairs the Program in Folklore and Mythology. The author ofClassic Fairy Tales,The Annotated Brothers Grimm,The Annotated Peter Pan, andEnchanted Hunters: The Power of Stories in Childhood, she is a frequent contributor to theNew Yorkerand theNew York Times. She is currently at work on a volume of African American folktales.The Different Paths to Reading discussion features moderatorCathryn Mercier, Director of the Center for the Study of Childrens Literature at Simmons College and the Director of the Childrens Literature graduate degree programsAlexandra Kennedy, the Executive Director of The Eric Carle Museum of Picture Book ArtSonia Nieto, Professor Emerita of Language, Literacy, and Culture for the College of Education at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, and award-winnerGrace Lin, author and illustrator of picture books, early readers, and middle grade novels.Jack Gantos is the author of more than 40 books for children, including the Rotten Ralph picture books and collections of Jack Henry short stories upper elementary and middle school Joey Pigza novels young adult novelsLove Curse of the RumbaughsandDesire Lines and a memoir,Hole in My Life. His works received a Newbery Award, Scott ODell Award, Newbery Honor, Printz Honor, Sibert Honor, National Book Award Finalist Honor, and he is the 2010 recipient of the NCTE/ALAN Award for his contribution to the field of Young Adult and Childrens Literature.Dead End in Norveltreceived both the 2012 Newbery Award and the Scott ODell Award for Historic Fiction. The companion novelFrom Norvelt to Nowhereis his most recent release.All Lowell Lectures take place in Rabb Lecture Hall at the Central Library in Copley Square and are held on weeknights and weekends to accommodate people of all ages. Book sales and signings follow the lectures and children are encouraged to participate and craft questions for their favorite authors.Video highlights from prior years lectures are available online atwww.bpl.org/lowell. Past Lowell Lecture Series themes include Common Ground, Remembering the Civil War, and Bostons Best. The Lowell Lecture Series is generously sponsored by the Lowell Institute, established in 1836 with the specific mission of making great ideas accessible to all people, free of charge.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first publicly supported municipal library in America, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Denver Mayor Michael B. Hancock today spoke via phone to set a friendly wager in advance of Sundays AFC Championship game between the New England Patriots and the Denver Broncos. The two mayors will be together next week in Washington, D.C. for the U.S. Conference of Mayors, and under the terms of the wager, the Mayor of the AFC Champions will have the opportunity to bask in the glory of his teams win in person.Watch an Instagram clip from today's phone call:http://instagram.com/p/jPmf9EyrK-/Download photos from Flickr here:http://www.flickr.com/photos/96737207@N08/sets/72157639836207996/If the Patriots are victorious on Sunday, Mayor Hancock will:- Wear Mayor Walshs New England Patriots jersey during a session of next weeks U.S. Conference of Mayors.- Ship to Boston a sampling of Denvers fabulous ""green chile,"" as well as a hoodie, cap and handmade skis from Denvers locally grown Icelantic Skis.In the event that the Denver Broncos defeat the Patriots, Mayor Walsh will:- Wear Mayor Hancocks Denver Broncos jersey during a session of the U.S. Conference of Mayors next week.- Deliver Mayor Hancock 5 lbs. of Bostons famous chocolate turtles from Phillips Candy House in Dorchester.- In honor of Denvers expanded library hours, make a donation to Denver Public Libraries of inscribed books by Bostons hometown authors, including Dennis Lehane, James Carroll, Doris Kearns Goodwin, David McCullough, Jackie MacMullan, Kevin Cullen and Shelley Murphy, Joe Finder, Irene Smalls, Kevin O'Connor and Mike Casey, Jarrett Krosoczka, Casey Sherman, Brian McGrory, Paul Harding, Hank Phillippi Ryan and more. "
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Target in partnership with The Museum of African American History and the Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras present A Day of Service and Celebration in Honor of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. on Monday, January 20, 2014 at 1pm in Faneuil Hall. The music and spoken word tributes to Dr. King will feature family-friendly classical and spiritual pieces performed by BYSOs Intensive Community Program and leaders in their own fields and in community service evoking the themes of community and youth engagement.The program will feature a moving selection of classical music, spirituals and freedom songs performed by the Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras Intensive Community Program, conducted by Marta Zurad.The City of Boston has the great privilege of working with the Museum of African History and the Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras for its 6th annual Day of Service and Celebration in Honor of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Dr. Kings message of justice and peace is just as relevant today as it was during the Civil Rights Movement. What better way to honor this iconic civil rights leader, then by uniting communities through music, spoken word, history and volunteer service opportunities. I invite all Bostonians to join us in this celebration of the life and legacy of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.-Mayor Martin J. WalshLocal filmmaker and educator, Judy Richardson will deliver the keynote speech. Judy Richardson began her career in filmmaking as associate producer of Eyes on the Prize, a 14-hour documentary series on the history of the civil rights movement. Eyes on the Prize was broadcast on PBS in 1987 and 1990, and nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature in 1988.Serving as a senior producer for Northern Light Productions in Boston, Richardson produced historical documentaries for broadcast and museums, with a focus on African American historical events, including: a one-hour documentary on the 1968 Orangeburg Massacre (South Carolina) for PBS two History Channel documentaries on slavery and slave resistance and installations for, among others, the National Park Services Little Rock Nine Visitors Center, the National Underground Railroad Freedom Center (Cincinnati), the New York State Historical Societys Slavery in New York exhibit, and the Paul Laurence Dunbar House (Dayton). Richardson and five other SNCC women, edited Hands on the Freedom Plow: Personal Accounts By Women in SNCC. The anthology, published by University of Illinois Press, includes the courageous stories of over fifty SNCC women. It was the Press best-selling title in 2011 and was issued in paperback in August 2012. Richardson received an Image Award for Vision and Excellence from Women in Film and Video. She lectures, writes, and conducts professional development workshops for teachers about the history and values of the Civil Rights Movement and their relevance to current issues. Richardson was awarded an honorary doctorate by Swarthmore College and became a visiting professor at Brown University in the fall of 2012.In addition to the keynote speaker, a distinguished roster of leaders will read from some of Dr. King's most memorable writings and speeches. This roster includes Michael A. Curry, Esq., President, Boston NAACP and Legislative Affairs Director and Senior Counsel Geraldine Hines, Associate Justice, Massachusetts Appeals Court and Farrah Ridore, Alumni, Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras Intensive Community Program and Sophomore at Drew University in Madison.In keeping with the spirit of Dr. Kings legacy, the Mayors Office and Boston Caresare organizing a service event at Reggie Lewis Center. Hundreds of volunteers will have the opportunity to choose from various service projects including assembling toddler beds, making fleece blankets, making flash cards, lap desks and other items.There will be two volunteer sessions the first session will be from 10:00-12:00 pm and the second will be from 1:30-3:00 p.m. Registration will be available through the Boston Cares website athttp://www.bostoncares.org/mlk_day.A Day of Service and Celebration is presented by TARGET and produced by the Mayors Office of Arts, Tourism and Special Events. Events are free and open to the general public. For further information visitwww.cityofboston.gov/artsor call 617-635-3911.
In celebration of the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), the Boston Scholar Athletes (BSA) and the Boston Public Schools, will host the inaugural MLK Invitational basketball showcase on Sunday, January 19, at the Wentworth Institute of Technology.These games will bring together basketballs best from the Boston City League and surrounding area high schools to compete in this inaugural showcase. This years matchups for the girls are New Mission High School vs. St. Marys at 12:00pm, and Fenway High School vs. Westford Academy at 2:00pm. The matchups for the boys are New Mission High School vs. Walpole High School at 5:00pm, and Brighton High School vs. Catholic Memorial at 7:00pm.The competing teams from the Boston City League will also be partnering with the BCYF Roslindale, BCYF Jackson Mann, and BCYF Tobin Community Centers to work with their members on educational projects related to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. New Mission High School will be at the Roslindale Community Center on Monday, January 13, at 3:30pm to take part in these projects, and on Wednesday, January 15, at 4:00pm, Brighton High School will be at the BCYF Jackson Mann Community Center and Fenway High School will be at the BCYF Tobin Community Center.For more information on the games, please contact Billy Sittig, BCYF Program Manager, at william.sittig@boston.gov or at 617-635-5206 x104.
Robert Quinn dedicated his life in service of the Commonwealth, and his legacy as a statesman and advocate for justice will be felt for generations to come. He championed his namesake bill and, through this work, was able to open the doors for young men and women to pursue successful and fruitful careers in law enforcement.I was honored to represent his former House district, and proud to have him stand with me at my inauguration one week ago today. General Quinn held a deep love for Dorchester  in particular for his neighborhood of Savin Hill  and I will always hold great respect for him as a friend and as an outstanding state representative and House Speaker.I extend my deepest condolences to the Quinn family during this difficult time.
Boston Public Library will host winter author talks at the Central Library in Copley Square and branch locations, highlighting the works of historians, journalists, award-winners, and local authors. January and February talks feature the rich history of Boston, bestsellers, and more:The complete schedule of upcoming events at Boston Public Library locations is available atwww.bpl.org/calendar.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first publicly supported municipal library in America, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
"Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that he will appoint Interim Police Commissioner William B. Evans as Police Commissioner of the Boston Police Department, and Superintendent William Gross as Superintendent in Chief of the Boston Police Department.Commissioner Evans shares my belief that we all must work together  in the community, across departments, and with state and federal partners  to build collaborations to attack the root causes of violence and make sure everyone feels safe in our city, said Mayor Walsh. He understands that we cant just react to crime  we must work together to prevent it from happening in the first place.Commissioner Evans is a 33-year veteran of the Boston Police Department and has held leadership roles within the Department for several years. Evans has had notable roles in the successful, peaceful handling of the 70-day occupation of Dewey Square by Occupy Boston, the Citys response in the aftermath of the Boston Marathon bombings, and the capture of alleged terrorist Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.William Evans joined the ranks of the Boston Police Department as a patrol officer in 1982 and rose through the ranks becoming Captain of area D-4 in 2006, a post that brought him in close contact with religious leaders, community groups, and business owners and most recently to the management team as Superintendent of the Bureau of Field Services. Commissioner Evans is a 2008 graduate of Harvard University, John F. Kennedy School of Government, and recently completed a certificate program for Senior Executives in State and Local Government and participated in the National Preparedness Leadership Initiative, John F. Kennedy School of Government/Harvard School of Public Health as well as National Post-Graduate School & U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Executive Leaders Program.""Ive known Chief Gross for many years, going back to the early days of my career as a state representative in Dorchester, said Mayor Walsh. I know his deep ties to our community and broad experience give him a uniquely qualified perspective on addressing violence in Bostons neighborhoods.William Gross is a 28-year veteran of the Boston Police Department. As a Patrol Officer he spent many years in the Gang Unit and Drug Control Unit, as well as serving as an Academy Instructor. He rose through the ranks, achieving the ranks of Sergeant and Sergeant Detective, and was promoted to Deputy Superintendent in 2008, where he became a member of the Command Staff of the Department. As Deputy Superintendent, Gross served as the Commander of Zone 2, which is comprised of Area B-2 Roxbury & Mission Hill, Area B-3 Mattapan, Area C-11 Dorchester and Area C-6 South Boston. In this role, he coordinated with District Captains in their development of strategies to address crime trends, and attended community meetings to address specific neighborhood crime concerns.In 2010 Deputy Superintendent Gross became the commander of the Field Support Division, which included command over the Youth Violence Strike Force (Gang Unit) and the School Police Unit. In 2012 he was promoted to Superintendent, Night Commander, responsible for oversight of all police responses to incidents on a city-wide basis in the evening hours. Throughout his career, Chief Gross has maintained a strong connection with the community, and has been awarded numerous awards for bravery, meritorious service, and community partnership"
Mayor Martin J. Walsh this morning visited Boston Medical Center to participate in a roundtable discussion with Boston Medical Center (BMC) President & CEO Kate Walsh, the Citys Chief of Health and Human Services Felix Arroyo, the Executive Director of the Boston Public Health Commission Barbara Ferrer, and several members of BMC's Violence Intervention Advocacy Program (VIAP), founded in 2006 to assist victims of violence in their recovery from physical and emotional trauma. In his first press event outside City Hall since his inauguration, Mayor Walsh pledged to address trauma and violence early in his term.We must reduce the number of homicides and shootings and take the illegal guns off our streets, Mayor Walsh said. But we must also take on the less visible  but no less significant  effects of violence: the trauma that too many Boston families experience.The VIAP collaborates with the Boston Public Health Commission to help shooting and stabbing victims from the moment they enter the emergency room, offering everything from legal and housing support to education and employment counseling. This program helps people move away from a life of violence to become productive and contributing neighbors in a safe community.All of us at Boston Medical Center are eager to support and collaborate with Mayor Walsh in his efforts to reduce violence in our City, said Kate Walsh, President and CEO of Boston Medical Center. Tackling urban violence is a public health issue that requires the involvement of organizations throughout the City and we are fortunate to have Mayor Walshs commitment and leadership in this effort.BMCs Community Violence Response Team (CVRT) is an essential part of the VIAP. Ninety-five percent of VIAP clients exhibit mental health issues, and the Team has two full-time clinicians who see every VIAP client and use a non-threatening approach in their work. BMC recently secured a grant through the Department of Justices Victims of Crime Act to fund CVRT. Boston Medical Center is the only hospital in the country that has a clinical mental health component to the VIAP program.In prepared remarks following the discussion, Mayor Walsh said: Our entire city must rally around this issue  not simply to offer a hand after acts of violence but to work together to prevent them from happening in the first place. We need a continuum of care to address the underlying causes of violence, not just the symptoms. And we need to make sure there are more trauma experts out in the neighborhoods helping people right away.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today appointed several key staff members as the Administration begins work on the priorities outlined by Mayor Walsh in his inaugural address. Joyce Linehan will serve as Chief of Policy, Joseph Rull will serve as Chief of Operations, and Eugene OFlaherty will serve as the Citys Corporation Counsel. Mayor Walsh has also appointed Trinh Nguyen Interim Director of Jobs and Community Service Alejandra St. Guillen Interim Director of the Office of New Bostonians and Keith Williams Interim Director of the Office for Small & Local Business Enterprise.This is a team of talented, dedicated people who are committed to public service and to Boston, said Mayor Walsh. Each individual brings practical experience and fresh, innovative ideas to this Administration, and I know we are all eager to get started.Joyce Linehan, Chief of PolicyJoyce Linehan served as Policy Director on Mayor Walshs mayoral campaign and as a co-chair on his Transition Team. Linehan is Chair of the Boston Ward 17 Democratic Committee, and has held leadership roles in the grassroots campaigns of Senator Elizabeth Warren, Governor Deval Patrick and Congressman Mike Capuano, as well as the campaign for Equal Marriage in the Commonwealth. Linehan is also the director of Ashmont Media, a public relations company that serves Boston arts organizations, including ArtsEmerson, Boston Book Festival, the Institute of Contemporary Art and others. She is the founder of the Dorchester Arts Collaborative and serves on the board of Interim House, a residential substance abuse treatment center.Linehan holds a B.A. and an M.A. in American Studies from the University of Massachusetts Boston. Linehan is a lifelong resident of Dorchester.Joseph Rull, Chief of OperationsIn his role as Chief of Operations, Joseph Rull will work closely with Mayor Walsh in overseeing personnel and labor functions, intergovernmental relations, and neighborhood services.Rull worked as a senior advisor on Mayor Walshs election campaign and in his transition. Prior to joining Mayor Walshs team, Rull served the Commonwealth in the Division of Capital Asset Management and Maintenance and in the Executive Office of Labor and Workplace Development. From 2008-2010, Rull was a special adviser in the office of Mayor Thomas M. Menino. He served as a community representative for Massport from 2006 to 2008 and from 2002-2006 served as a neighborhood liaison to South Boston in the Mayors Office of Neighborhood Services.Eugene L. OFlaherty, Corporation CounselState Representative Eugene L. OFlaherty, Democrat of Chelsea, represents the Second Suffolk Representative District of Massachusetts, consisting of Charlestown and most of the City of Chelsea. Currently in his ninth term in the House of Representatives, Representative OFlaherty serves as the House Chairman of the Joint Committee on The Judiciary. He has held this Chairmanship under three different Speakers of the House and has been a staunch advocate for the legal community since he was first appointed in 2002.Representative OFlaherty received a Bachelor of Science degree from Suffolk University. He was awarded a Juris Doctorate from the Massachusetts School of Law and was admitted to the Massachusetts bar and the Federal bar in 1994. In addition to his legislative duties, Representative OFlaherty is a practicing lawyer and is a Partner in the law firm of ODonovan, Dwyer & OFlaherty, P.C.Trinh T. Nguyen, Interim Director, Office of Jobs and Community ServiceThe Office of Jobs and Community Service works to promote economic self-sufficiency to ensure the full participation of all Boston residents in the citys economic vitality and future. In her role as interim director, Trin Nguyen will oversee the offices work to advocate for lifelong learning, job training and placement, and support services to empower Bostonians to fulfill their educational and employment aspirations.Nguyen most recently served as Chief of Staff at the Boston Housing Authority, where she is responsible for overseeing an annual $350 million budget structure and developing operational programs to achieve the BHAs philosophy, mission, and annual strategic goals and objectives towards its housing programs. From 2007-2010, Nguyen previously served as Vice President of Development for the Urban League of Eastern Massachusetts. Previous roles also include Director of Development & Public Relations at the Boston Womens Fund and Resource Development Manager in the Mayors Office of New Bostonians.Keith Williams, Interim Director, Office of Small & Local Business EnterpriseIn his role as Interim Director of the Office of Small & Local Business Enterprise, Keith Williams will be responsible for promoting small and local participation in the City of Boston, connecting small and local business owners to City resources, and fulfilling the Boston Residents Jobs Policy.Williams currently serves as Associate Director of the Mayors Office of Neighborhood Services, where he is responsible for supervising a staff of 20 neighborhood coordinators, and oversees the offices participation in all regulatory meetings and hearings. He is well versed in a variety of complex, neighborhood-specific issues, City emergency response. Prior to joining the Mayors office in 2001, Williams spent two years in the Office of Neighborhood Development and three years in the Boston City Council. Williams was born and raised in Bostons Dorchester/Roxbury communities.Alejandra St.Guillen, Interim Director, Mayors Office of New BostonianThe Mayors Office of New Bostonians seeks to strengthen the ability of diverse cultural and linguistic communities to play an active role in the economic, civic, social and cultural life in the City of Boston. As interim director, Alejandra St. Guillen will oversee the offices work to provide opportunity, access and equality for immigrants, and highlight the contributions and essential role immigrants have played and continue to play in making Boston the world class city that it is.Alejandra St. Guillen currently serves as the Executive Director of Oiste, the Latino civic and political organization. As Executive Director, St. Guillen has collaborated with elected officials in the development and promotion of public policy initiatives that have directly impacted the Latino community in Massachusetts, including education reform, economic justice policy, and electoral reform. St. Guillen has been honored by a number of organizations for her work in the Latino community, including El Planeta, Somos Latinos, and the Hispanic Heritage Foundation. St. Guillen holds a B.A. in Economics and African-American Studies from Wesleyan University and a M.Ed. from the City College of New York.
"Ante una multitud de miles de personas, incluyendo residentes, partidarios, lderes polticos, lderes religiosos y dignatarios, esta maana el alcalde Martin J. Walsh tom posesin de su cargo y fue juramentado como54 Alcalde de la Ciudad de Boston. En una ceremonia que adems incluy la toma de posesin del Consejo Municipal de Boston, el alcalde Walsh present su discurso inaugural, comprometindose a mover hacia adelante la ciudad de Boston, una ciudad que ofrece un sentido de comunidad, oportunidades e igualdad para todos sus residentes.Ampliaremos las oportunidades de manera que puedan llegar a cada persona en cada sector de nuestra ciudad. No podemos tolerar una ciudad dividida por el privilegio y la pobreza, dijo el alcalde Walsh en su discurso. ""Vamos a proteger y cultivar nuestro sentido de comunidad. Ya que es la mayor fuente de la fuerza de Boston. Y aseguraremos la igualdad para todos: No importa la edad, raza, religin, orientacin sexual. Pase lo que pase.En su discurso, el alcalde Walsh expuso las principales prioridades a medida que comience su mandato, entre ellas: el fortalecimiento de la economa de Boston y la creacin de puestos de trabajo, la mejora de la seguridad pblica y poner fin a la violencia a mano armada insensata asegurar que las escuelas de Boston ayuden a todos los nios a triunfar, y aumentar la confianza y la transparencia dentro del gobierno de la Ciudad.El alcalde Walsh dijo que comenzar la tarea de abordar la violencia insensata desarrollada en los vecindarios de Boston esta tarde, donde convocar a un grupo diverso de promotores de la seguridad pblica para seguir hacia adelante en el aumento de los esfuerzos de prevencin del crimen en la Ciudad y renovando el compromiso de la Ciudad a la seguridad de todos sus residentes. El alcalde Walsh habl particularmente acerca de la importancia para mejorar la respuesta al trauma, el apoyo familiar y los programas ofrecidos para el abuso de sustancias.El alcalde Walsh dijo que tambin comenzar inmediatamente la bsqueda de un lder destacado en la educacin urbana para la Superintendencia de las Escuelas Pblicas de Boston. El compromisopara mover hacia adelante a las Escuelas Pblicas de Bostondel alcalde se enfocar en la eliminar la diferencia en el rendimiento acadmico, la educacin temprana universal, la reforma de la escuela superior, la inclusin y programas en diferentes idiomas, y entrenamiento en carreras de alta calidad y capacitacin tcnica. El alcalde Walsh enfatiz la necesidad de asegurar que cada dlar gastado en la educacin se invierta de la mejor manera y eficientemente, y se comprometi a una Auditora de Desempeo de Escuelas Pblicas de Boston para asegurar que el dinero se gaste de manera eficaz y eficiente.Todos los nios de Boston se merecen una buena educacin que les conceda la oportunidad de poder salir adelante. Todos los nios dentro de cada vecindario se merecen la oportunidad de poder encontrar un camino hacia la educacin superior o una buena carrera, dijo el alcalde Walsh.Otras prioridades indicadas por el alcalde Walsh incluyeron obtener una mejor comprensin de las necesidades de las personas de edad avanzada de Boston, el fortalecimiento de los requisitos de tica de la Ciudad revitalizar el apoyo a los negocios en los vecindarios, y la reestructuracin de la Autoridad de Reurbanizacin de Boston para lograr que Boston sea un lder en el aumento de empleos y empresas de manera simplificada, transparente y eficaz.La fe y la confianza se ganan, dijo el alcalde Walsh. Tenemos que hacer lo necesario para ganarnos ambas, de la gente a que servimos.El cardenal Sean P. O'Malley entreg la oracin de apertura de la ceremonia, y comentarios por la Senadora de los EE.UU. Elizabeth Warren, y el gobernador Deval Patrick precedieron el discurso inaugural. El Presidente de la Corte Suprema de Massachusetts Roderick L. Ireland administr el juramento del cargo como Alcalde.Me siento inspirado, cada da, por la gente de nuestra ciudad - por sus esperanzas, por sus sueos, por su determinacin. Los estoy escuchando. Y continuar escuchando, dijo el alcalde Walsh. Juntos moveremos a Boston hacia adelante."
Before a crowd of thousands, including residents, supporters, political leaders, faith leaders and dignitaries, Mayor Martin J. Walsh this morning took the oath of office and was sworn in as the 54th Mayor of the City of Boston. In a ceremony that also included the swearing-in of the Boston City Council, Mayor Walsh delivered his inaugural address, committing to moving a united Boston forward, a City that provides community, opportunity, and equality to all its citizens. [Remarks as prepared for delivery attached.]We will expand opportunity so it reaches every person in every corner of our city. We cannot tolerate a city divided by privilege and poverty, Mayor Walsh said in his address. We will protect and grow our sense of community. For it is Bostons greatest source of strength. And we will ensure equality for all: No matter your age, race, religion, sexual orientation. No matter what.In his address, Mayor Walsh outlined major priorities as he begins his term, including: Strengthening Bostons economy and creating jobs Improving public safety and bringing an end to senseless gun violence Ensuring Bostons schools helpeverychild succeed and Increasing trust and transparency in City government.Mayor Walsh said he will begin the work of addressing the senseless violence that takes place in Bostons neighborhoods this afternoon, when he will convene a diverse group of public safety advocates to move the City forward in redoubling crime prevention efforts and recommitting the City to the safety of every citizen. Mayor Walsh spoke of the particular importance of improved trauma response, family support and substance abuse programming.Mayor Walsh said he will also immediately begin a search for a proven urban education leader to serve as the next Superintendent of the Boston Public Schools. The Mayors commitment to moving Boston Public Schools forward will focus on eliminating the achievement gap, universal early education, high school reform, inclusion and dual language programs, and high quality career and technical training. Mayor Walsh emphasized the need to ensure every dollar spent on education is put to the best and most effective use, and committed to a Performance Audit of Boston Public Schools to ensure money is being spent effectively and efficiently.Every kid in Boston deserves a great education that will give them opportunity to get ahead. Every kid in every neighborhood deserves the chance for a pathway to higher education or a good career, Mayor Walsh said.Other priorities Mayor Walsh outlined in his address include gaining a better understanding of the needs of Bostons seniors strengthening City ethics requirements revitalizing support to neighborhood businesses and restructuring the Boston Redevelopment Authority to make Boston a leader in streamlined, transparent, and effective job and business growth.Faith and trust are earned, Mayor Walsh said. We must do what it takes to earn both, from the people we serve.Cardinal Sean P. OMalley delivered the ceremonys opening prayer, and remarks by U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren and Governor Deval Patrick preceded the inaugural address.Massachusetts Supreme Court Chief Justice Roderick L. Ireland administered the Oath of Office to the Mayor.I am inspired every day by the people of our city  by your hopes, by your dreams, by your determination. I am listening. I will keep on listening, Mayor Walsh said. We will move Boston forward together.
Boston Public LibrarysLocal and Family History Lecture Seriescontinues in January with a focus on Bostons changing neighborhoods and includes in-depth looks at three of todays most diverse neighborhoods: East Boston, Mattapan, and Allston-Brighton.Now in its eleventh year, theLocal and Family History Lecture Seriesincludes information about the history of Boston and its neighborhoods and features tips and guidance for those beginning their own genealogical research. Lectures take place on select Wednesdays from January through May in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square, which is located at 700 Boylston Street.The series includes the following lectures, all of which are listed with additional detail atwww.bpl.org/localhistory:About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, a literacy center, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first publicly supported municipal library in America, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.
