If youve checked out the City of Bostons YouTube account  or follow the City of Bostons social channels  you might have noticed a recent uptick in our video output. This year, we worked with New Urban Mechanics and the City's Press Office to hire two digital storytellers, and the results have been amazing.Our storytelling team uses video to promote residents voices, and share information about important City services. One of our biggest project this year was the Citys first short-form documentary about the Boston Marathon markers that commemorate the lives lost in the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing. They also support other City staff and departments, teaching others to fish, where possible.Over the past year, weve launched a few different video series that cover a number of topics. You can learn more about our work below:Were highlighting Bostons rich history and how the City is trying to preserve it. The series features a range of voices, from the City Archaeologists latest findings to stories told from the City Archivist, to local community advocates working to preserve historic sites.Each In Your Shoes episode serves as a window into the life of a specific person and how theyve received support from City services. Our goal is to elevate the voices of those often marginalized or misrepresented. This is a platform for Boston residents to tell their own stories. And, we hope, inspire even more community spirit for one another.This series shows how Boston Public School students are learning outside of the classroom. Well highlight programs and educators that have done something different, innovative, or creative in the City. Email us at digital@boston.gov if you have a teacher or a program you would like to nominate!Our team is examining how future-focused policies and ideas are helping to shape a better Boston. These videos will look at the current work as it is happening, with our five main topic areas for next year being:This series will showcase policy work, City tech, mayoral priorities, infrastructure updates, climate change, and more.Working with Human Resources, we created a video series highlighting interesting careers at the City of Boston. Our goal with each episode is to pique peoples interest in applying to City jobs. We also spotlight current City workers and showcase the important work they do everyday.Aside from our ongoing series, there are special circumstances for one-off, interesting videos when the need arises. And, were always open to suggestions.Have a topic or area of the City you want us to focus on? Please tell us by emailing feedback@boston.gov. If theres a great City story that needs to be told, we want to help give it life.
Shem Drowne, the Boston metalworker who had fashioned the grasshopper, repaired the grasshopper and restored it to its place on top of Fanueil Hall. However, only a few years later, in 1761, the grasshopper was again damaged by a fire at the Hall. This time, it was repaired by Shems son, Thomas.The grasshopper continued to find its way to earth. On Evacuation Day in 1889, a flag being lowered knocked it to the ground. In 1974, it was stolen and missing for more than six months. Despite its adventures, the grasshopper always seems to return to its perch!
BOSTON - Friday, November 15, 2018 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined City officials at the Public Works yard on Frontage Road to discuss winter preparations currently underway in the City of Boston, and resources available to residents."The most important thing we can do every winter is be prepared, before, during and after every storm," said Mayor Walsh. "As a City, our top priority is to keep our residents safe, and during the winter season, I'm asking each and every resident to stay alert, and look after your family, friends and neighbors, especially those who may be isolated or have health concerns. The City of Boston is ready to tackle any weather that comes our way, and I encourage residents to take advantage of the resources the City has to keep you informed, safe and prepared."The Public Works Department (PWD) currently has 48,000 tons of salt on-hand to treat City streets. Along with 110 pieces of in-house snow clearing equipment, the Public Works Department has the capability to place over 600 additional pieces on the roads during larger storms. As part of their neighborhood plowing operations during winter storms and to ensure the safety of riders, the Public Works Department allocates pieces of equipment to clear snow from Boston's dedicated bike lanes.Rules on Clearing Snow:Property owners must fully clear snow, sleet and ice from sidewalks and curb ramps abutting the property within three hours after the snowfall ends or three hours after sunrise if the snow ends overnight.Curb and pedestrian ramps to the street should be cleared fully and continually over the duration of the storm to ensure accessibility for individuals with disabilities. If a storm will last over an extended period of time, property owners are asked to continually check ramps abutting their property for compliance. Failure to comply can result in a fine issued by PWD's Code Enforcement Division.Removal of snow, ice from a private property to the street or sidewalk is prohibited and can result in a fine issued by PWD's Code Enforcement Division.Do not throw snow onto the street. Fines associated with improper removal of snow can be foundhere.Remove space savers within 48 hours after a snow emergency has been lifted. Please note: space savers are NOT allowed in the South End.Safety Tips:Remember to keep catch basins and fire hydrants clear. For a map of catch basins and fire hydrants, visithttp://www.bwsc.orgShoveling snow requires significant exertion please be cautious and pay attention to symptoms. Stop if you feel chest pain, shortness of breath, lightheaded, nauseous/vomiting. Call 911 if those symptoms do not resolve quickly when you stop exertion.Snow piles can make navigating intersections dangerous for walkers and drivers, please take extra care when turning corners with snow piles that might limit visibility.Carbon Monoxide poisoning is a concern during winter weather, especially with the use of generators. Residents should be sure to use their home heating systems wisely and safely, and have a working carbon monoxide detector on each floor of your home. Call 911 immediately if you suspect carbon monoxide poisoning.Sitting in a car while idling can be deadly if the tailpipe is blocked. Do not let children sit in an idling car while shoveling. Clear any household exhaust pipes of snow. For example, gas exhaust from heating system or dryer.Please check on neighbors, especially the elderly and those with disabilities.Have a contractor check the roof to see if snow needs to be removed. If roof snow can be removed from the ground with the use of a snow-rake, do so with caution. Avoid working from ladders and be mindful of slippery surfaces.Preventing Hypothermia and FrostbiteDress for the weather:Wear several layers of loose-fitting, lightweight, warm clothing rather than one layer of heavy clothing.Outer garments should be tightly woven and water repellent.Wear mittens over gloves layering works for your hands as well.Always wear a hat and cover your mouth with a scarf to protect your lungs.Dress children warmly and set reasonable time limits on outdoor play.Restrict infants' outdoor exposure when it is colder than 40 degrees Fahrenheit.Watch for signs of frostbite:These include loss of feeling and white or pale appearance in extremities such as fingers, toes, ear lobes, and the tip of the nose.If symptoms are detected, get medical help immediately.Watch for signs of hypothermia:These include uncontrollable shivering, memory loss, disorientation, incoherence, slurred speech, drowsiness and apparent exhaustion.If you or someone you know shows any of these symptoms, get in touch with a healthcare provider immediately. If symptoms are severe, call 911.Heating SafetyNever try to heat your home using a charcoal or gas grill, the kitchen stove, or other product not specifically designed as a heater. These can cause a fire or produce dangerous levels of carbon monoxide very quickly. Using faulty or improper heating sources is the number two cause of home fires in Massachusetts.Have your heating system cleaned and checked annually.Install and maintain smoke alarms and carbon monoxide detectors on every level of your home. Carbon monoxide (CO) is an invisible gas produced whenever any fuel is burned. Common sources include oil or gas furnaces, water heaters, fireplaces, stoves, and some space heaters. It has no smell, taste, or color. It is a poison and is deadly.Vulnerable PopulationsIf you see homeless and vulnerable individuals out in the cold who appear immobile, disoriented or underdressed for the cold, please call 911.The Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) coordinates a city-wide network of emergency shelters, outreach providers, city agencies and first responders to assist those in need of shelter.Boston's emergency shelters are open 24 hours and will accept any person in need. Men can access shelter at the 112 Southampton Street Shelter, and women should go to the Woods-Mullen Shelter at 794 Massachusetts Ave. BPHC and the City are working closely with shelter providers in the city to ensure that no client is without shelter, food, resources, and a warm respite from the cold.During extreme cold weather, street outreach teams operate with extended hours and provide mobile outreach vans on the streets in the evening and throughout the day.Heat Guidelines for Property Owners and TenantsIn accordance with the Massachusetts State Sanitary Code, the heating season officially begins on September 15 and runs through June 15. Property owners must heat habitable spaces at a minimum temperature of 68 between 7 a.m. and 11:00 p.m. and 64 between 11:01 p.m. and 6:59 a.m.In case of emergency, property owners are encouraged to keep a list of licensed contractors (electrician, plumber and general contractor) on file. Tenants experiencing problems with their heating system should check the thermostat, ensure the dial is turned on, and report insufficient or no heat problems to the property owner or manager immediately.If your landlord or property manager is unresponsive, contact the Inspectional Services Department (ISD) at (617) 635-5300 to file a complaint, or call 311.Tips to keep water flowing and pipes unfrozen during extreme coldThe Boston Water and Sewer Commission recommends that during the upcoming cold snap homeowners remember the words locate, insulate, and circulate.Locate a home's main water shut off valve, and learn how to use it. Should a frozen pipe burst, shutting the main valve quickly will minimize flooding and property damage.Insulate pipes in unheated areas like basements, garages and crawl spaces. Use inexpensive hardware store materials to prevent pipes from freezing and to keep warm water flowing.Circulate warm air around pipes by keeping cabinet doors open. Circulate a trickle of tap water through pipes during extreme cold to help prevent them freezing up.Locate your water meter, protect it from drafts, and make sure basement doors and windows are shut tight.If pipes do freeze, slow thaw with a hair dryer. If water is lost in all taps, call BWSC 24-hour Emergency Assistance Line at 617-989-7000.Increasing Home Energy EfficiencyDisconnect water hose from the home.Wrap or cover exposed spigots.Caulk or putty windows.Ensure kitchen and bathroom dampers close properly.Close all storm windows and doors.Apply weather stripping.Properly insulate all pipes that are exposed.Cover vents.Install insulated or heavy drapes to keep cold drafts from coming in.Don't forget to close the damper to wood burning fireplace after each use. Consider a chimney balloon if you don't have a damper.For more energy efficiency tips for your home, call Renew Boston at 617-635-SAVE (7283).Emergency Home RepairIncome eligible homeowners and Boston's residents over age 60 can receive assistance with winter emergencies and repairs, such as fixing storm damage, leaking roofs, furnaces and leaking/frozen pipes. For assistance, residents should call the Mayor's hotline at 311 or the Boston Home Center at 617-635-HOME (4663).A grant up to $5,000 is available for income eligible homeowners over age 60 to ease unexpected financial burdens caused by an emergency situation with their home.In addition, the Mayor's Seniors Save program helps income eligible Bostonians over the age of 60 replace old, inefficient heating systems with a new brand new heating system even before a catastrophic failure occurs during the cold winter months. Older adults can also call 311 or the Boston Home Center at (617) 635-HOME (4663) to be connected with a City staffer to provide additional details.Emergency OperationsThe City of Boston Office of Emergency Management (OEM) remains in constant contact with the National Weather Service to receive detailed forecasts for the City of Boston. It also ensures each City department has a plan in place to handle the forecast. If the storm warrants, the City's Emergency Operations Center will be activated and City representatives will coordinate response and recovery efforts.Residents who sign up for notifications will receive a message from the City about winter storms and extreme cold weather. This notification system also alerts residents when a snow emergency/parking ban is in effect and when it is being lifted.Trash and RecyclingDuring severe snowstorms, recycling and trash collection may be cancelled, but this is extremely rare. Most often, severe snowstorms can cause delays in service, so we ask for your cooperation and patience. To view your neighborhood recycling and trash schedule and to find out what items youCANandCAN'Trecycle, please visit:boston.gov/trash-dayand download the Trash Day App.Crews have a difficult time reaching trash barrels and recycling carts placed behind snowbanks. Please clear an area at the curb for collection or place containers next to or in front of snowbanks.Residents are encouraged to sign up for emergency notifications throughAlertBostonand utilize the311call center for non-emergency related issues. To get news about snow emergencies, parking bans, school delays and cancellations, please visitboston.gov/snowand follow@CityofBostonon Twitter.###
BOSTON - Friday, November 15, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that a proposal by Pine Street Inn and The Community Builders, Inc. to create 202 units of supportive and income-restricted housing at3368 Washington Streetin Jamaica Plain will move forward, following approval from the Boston Planning & Development Agency. The project makes significant progress on Mayor Walsh's commitment to end chronic homelessness in the City of Boston."In Boston, we are committed to making sure that every individual has a place to call home and build a better life," said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. "This project is only possible because of the commitment of Pine Street Inn, The Community Builders, and many partners and stakeholders across the City who have joined our call to bring an end to chronic homelessness."The project includes 140 units of supportive housing designated for individuals receiving services from Pine Street Inn. The remaining 62 income-restricted units will be available to low- and moderate-income households with a range of incomes, from less than 30 percent of area median income (AMI), up to 80 percent of AMI. The existing building, currently owned by Pine Street Inn, houses operations and administrative offices that supports the mission of Pine Street Inn, but no shelter beds or housing units. The offices will be temporarily relocated during construction."This project represents a major step forward in our efforts to solve homelessness in Boston," said Pine Street President Lyndia Downie. "The number of units in this building will allow us to scale up our housing to a new level, bringing us close to 1,000 units of supportive housing throughout Boston and in Brookline. With the average age of our tenants at 55, this will provide a safe, secure community as they grow older."The services will be funded byBoston's Way Home Fund. Launched by Mayor Walsh in January 2018, Boston's Way Home Fund has a set goal of raising $10 million over four years, to be used to create supportive, sustainable, long-term housing for chronically homeless individuals. The $10 million raised from the fund will allow the City to leverage a significant public and private investment.The project is consistent with the community goals outlined in the BPDA'sPLAN: JP/Rox, approved in 2017, to enhance livability, honor the existing diversity of the neighborhood, use creative design that celebrates the character of the district, and facilitate the creation of more income-restricted housing along the Washington Street corridor.Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh proposed dedicating $5 million in new hotel tax revenue towards achieving the City's housing goals. In the first year, $4 million of this new funding is dedicated to the development of supportive housing for formerly homeless individuals through the City's Department of Neighborhood Development.###
BOSTON - Friday, November 15, 2019-Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the newly-reconstructed Dana Avenue Bridge in Hyde Park will be named the "Grimk Sisters Bridge" in honor of Sarah and Angelina Grimk, known for being prominent activists for abolition and women's rights. There will be a public dedication with the Hyde Park Historical Society, Massachusetts Historical Society, Barbara Lee Family Foundation, elected officials, and residents tomorrow, November 16, 2019 at 10:30 a.m."Sarah and Angelina Grimk are perfect examples of what the City of Boston stands for and it is a fitting honor to name this beautiful new bridge after them," said Mayor Walsh. "The Grimk Sisters worked their entire lives so that women and African-Americans had the same rights and privileges as white men, and it is a testament to their hard work and sacrifices that this bridge is built right in the neighborhood they loved and called home."Daughters of wealthy slaveholders in South Carolina, the Grimk Sisters became nationally known social reformers. Their work was informed by an unwavering belief in the humanity and dignity of all, regardless of race or gender. The sisters moved to the corner of Fairmount Avenue and Highland Street in Hyde Park in 1864, where they lived until their deaths. They were among the first American women to take part in social justice movements.They spent time traveling the United States recounting their experiences with slavery on their family's plantation. In 1837, Angelina Grimk became the first woman to address a legislature when she presented a petition to end slavery at the Massachusetts State House. They were early supporters of the women's suffrage movement. In March of 1870, a full 50 years before the 19th Amendment granted women the right to vote,they led a group of 50 women in Hyde Park to the ballot box, where they cast ballots that would not be counted. The Hyde Park Historical Society houses these ballots in its collection."The Hyde Park Historical Society is thrilled that the Grimk Sisters, two of Hyde Park's most distinguished residents, are being honored with the naming of this bridge,'' saidElisa Birdseye from the Hyde Park Historical Society."Their places in both the abolition and women's suffrage movements are long overdue for recognition and restoration to prominence. It is impossible to overemphasize the role they both played in the struggle for justice in both these fields. A bridge, as a symbol of movement and connection, is a fitting way to honor all they worked for."The bridge dedication is part of theGreater Boston Women's Vote Centennial, a special project led by the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement that commemorates 100 years since the 19th Amendment was adopted in 1920, enabling women to vote. This special project is made possible in collaboration with theBarbara Lee Family Foundation."I am thrilled to see the Grimk sisters receive this special recognition," said Barbara Lee, President and Founder of the Barbara Lee Family Foundation. "What we see and who we see- depicted in our landmarks, and in our town squares - influences how we think about the world. When young girls see women recognized as leaders and heroes, they believe that they too can become leaders and heroes. Thank you to Mayor Marty Walsh, The Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement, and Hyde Park Historic Society for bringing this to fruition."The soon-to-be-named Grimk Sisters Bridge spans the Neponset River in Hyde Park and is one of the oldest city-owned bridges left in the City of Boston. Built originally in 1908, the bridge was reconstructed in just six months using accelerated techniques to reduce impacts to the community and provide much-needed new infrastructure to the corridor. Mayor Walsh allocated $4,000,000 to the reconstruction of the bridge out of his$2.79 billion five-year capital plan.Under Mayor Walsh, the Public Works Department (PWD) is reconstructing 14 miles of sidewalks, resurfacing over 52 miles of roadway, and continuing to make Boston's streets safe, equitable and efficient for all cyclists, pedestrians, and drivers. Along with the Grimk Sisters Bridge project, PWD is also making significant investments in the other bridges, such as the North Washington Street Bridge and the Northern Avenue Bridge.Other neighborhood investments in Mayor Walsh's Capital Plan include $300,000 for renovations to the Hyde Park Branch of the Boston Public Library, $5,125,000 for the renovation of Reservation Road Park, $500,000 for the upgrade of Amatucci Play Lot, $3,100,000 for the upgrade of traffic signals to the Father Hart Bridge, and $500,000 for the upgrade of the Stonehill Playground Play Lot.For more information on the Boston Women's Vote Centennial, please visitboston.gov/suffrageFor more information on Mayor Walsh's Capital Investments, please visitbudget.boston.govAbout the Mayor's Office of Women's AdvancementThe Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement creates specific programming and opportunities that support three priority areas: economic equity, safety, and empowerment and representation. Some of the office's most recent work includes: research on childcare affordability a multi-pronged approach to closing the gender pay gaps reducing the demand for commercial sexual exploitation and creating specific programming for women entrepreneurs. Learn more on theirwebsite.About the Public Works DepartmentTheBoston Public Works Department(PWD) provides core services essential to neighborhood quality of life. PWD directs general construction, maintenance, and cleaning of approximately 802 miles of roadways throughout the City. PWD operates two major drawbridges, maintain 68,055 street lights, and supervise contracts for the removal and disposal of approximately 190.000 tons of solid waste, and also operates Boston's recycling program with an annual diversion of approximately 45,000 tons.###
BOSTON - Thursday, November 14, 2019 - Building on his commitment to investing in positive pathways for residents in the City of Boston,Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced 20 organizations have been awarded funding through the 2020 Positive Youth Development Fund and Young Adult Development Fund, increasing the availability of development programs and providing positive opportunities for Boston youth and young adults."Community programs throughout the city provide opportunities to guide young people in a positive direction and away from violence," said Mayor Walsh. "By supporting their needs and future aspirations, these nonprofits help to support our young Bostonians' futures, and improve the quality of life in our city and public safety in our neighborhoods."Awardees of the Youth Development Fund will increase the number and variety of programs available to Boston youth ages six to 21 to ensure they have access to fun and safe opportunities for enrichment and personal development. Awardees of the Young Adult Development Fund are organizations that work to increase opportunities for Bostonians over 24 struggling to find gainful employment after criminal justice involvement, or experiencing negative impacts as a result of poverty and limited access to educational opportunities."The City's investment in youth development programs is a critical piece of our violence prevention and intervention efforts, and I am proud to continue to partner with Mayor Walsh and the Boston Police Department to award these grants," said City Council President Andrea Campbell. "These programs each have a tremendous impact on youth and young adults in our communities, providing mentoring, tutoring, job readiness, and most importantly, safe spaces for them to grow and thrive.""BAM Boston is thrilled that the City has further cemented its commitment to empowering youth to reach their potential," said Shawn Brown, executive director ofBecoming a Man (BAM)Boston. "We are grateful for the support of the Walsh Administration and proud to join this community of like-minded organizations working to improve the lives of Boston's young people."Funding priorities for this cycle were given to programs that demonstrate understanding and use of the positive youth development framework and those that support marginalized youth populations that need specialized programming and services. This year, $400,000 was collectively awardedto further these programs in individual awards of $25,000.The following organizations and programs were granted the Youth Development Fund awards:Casa Myrna - Teen Peer Leader Program/Girls Leadership ProgramCenter for Teen Empowerment - Teen Empowerment BostonCharlestown Lacrosse and Learning Center - Youth Mentoring WorkforceEast Boston Ecumenical Community Council - GOALs-Youth Leadership/Civic Engagement ProgramFriends of the Children-Boston - Long-Term, Professional Mentoring for Highest-Risk Children & YouthGirls' LEAP - Lifetime Empowerment Awareness Program (LEAP)Mildred C. Hailey Tenant Organization - Mildred C. Hailey Tenant Organization Youth ProgrammingMore Than Words - Youth Development and Job Training, More Than WordsThe Phoenix-Massachusetts - Youth and Young Adult Programming at The PhoenixRoca, Inc. - Roca's Central American Youth Initiative (East Boston)Roxbury Youthworks, Inc. - Gaining Independence for Tomorrow (GIFT)South Boston Community Health Center - South Boston Community Health Center's Youth Ambassadors ProgramSummer Search - Summer Search BostonThe Home for Little Wanderers - Therapeutic After School ProgramUrbano Project, Inc. - Urbano's Youth Artist ProjectsYouth Guidance-BAM Boston - Becoming a Man (BAM) Boston"Our youth-serving partners have enabled the Boston Police Department to build trusting relationships with neighborhood youth for over 30 years now," said Police Commissioner William G. Gross. "Without their hard work and commitment, community policing in Boston would be very difficult to accomplish. We thank all of those that applied."Building on the previous success of Boston's Young Adult Development Fund, this year, grants awarded will support at-risk individuals ages 24 and above. The City is targeting this age group because of data indicating that upticks in violence are due in part to a small population of individuals between the ages of 25 and 34 that are engaging in violence, according to the Boston Police Department. From the beginning of January until the end of September, overall crime in Boston is down by six percent, compared to the same period last year.The funds from this year's Young Adult Development fund will also complement the City of Boston's Operation Exit and Renew, which are both restorative justice programs aimed at allowingBoston's population most vulnerable to gun violence andreturning incarcerated citizens, greater opportunities to reenter and give back to their community."We applaud the Walsh Administration for supporting young adults by ensuring the community has a diverse and broad range of supports," said Jon Feinman, founder and CEO of InnerCity Weightlifting, Inc. "We are excited to be a 2020 Young Adult Development awardee and further collaborate with the Walsh Administration, so young adults can have the resources they need to thrive."This year's award funding of a total of $100,000 to further these programs in individual awards of $25,000. The 2020 Young Adult Development Fund Awardees are as follows:College Bound Dorchester - Boston UncorneredInnerCity Weightlifting - InnerCity Weightlifting: Cohort ProgramJustice Resource Institute, Inc. - STRIVE-Core ProgramMothers for Justice and Equality, Inc. - MJE Young Adult Second Chance ProgramThis summer the City of Boston implemented its 2019 Summer Violence Prevention Strategy Plan. The plan was guided by five goals that include scaling up prosocial and employment programming to engage more youth, strengthening intervention efforts and the suppression of crime in hotspots across the city, ensuring neighborhoods are connected to resources, expanding intentional outreach and engagement, and increasing and promoting positive community activities and engagement. The 2020 Youth Development Fund and Young Adult Development Fund build on the City's summer violence prevention plan by funding programming that will support positive personal development and enrichment for our youth and young adults across a broad spectrum of needs.Awardees of the 2020 Youth Development Fund and Young Adult Development Fund were collaboratively chosen by the Mayor's Office of Health and Human Services, the Boston Police Department, and the Mayor's Office of Public Safety. Each agency brought its expertise and insight to determine the collective impact on the community with each grantee's programming and services.###
BOSTON - Wednesday, November 13, 2019 - As part of his commitment to create more housing that is affordable and inclusive, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the former William Barton Rogers Middle School in Hyde Park will be transformed into Boston's first designated LGBTQ-supported housing development for seniors. When complete, the $33 million development will preserve the beauty of the original 1899 building, while creating 74 new income-restricted rental units that will be welcoming to seniors 62 years and older, and specifically welcoming to seniors who identify as LGBTQ. All units will be deed-restricted in perpetuity, and will provide affordable, safe housing for seniors across a wide variety of incomes."I'm proud that together with our partners, we're creating Boston's first designated LGBTQ-supported senior building at the former site of the Rogers Middle School in Hyde Park," said Mayor Walsh. "As Boston's residents continue to age, the need for safe, affordable housing that is welcoming to all remains essential. This new development will be an incredible asset to the neighborhood, offering seniors housing, along with community gardens, walking trails, and other community benefits. I look forward to our work ahead to make more of these projects a reality."The $33 million project is being led by Pennrose Development and LGBTQ Senior Housing, Inc. who worked extensively with the local community in Hyde Park to meet the needs of residents. In addition 74 affordable rental units, the new development will also include gallery space, an arts studio, community rooms, community gardens and recreational space, which will be available to both residents and the surrounding community."Pennrose and LGBTQ Senior Housing Inc. are both thrilled and honored to be chosen to redevelop this historic school into a new resource," said Pennrose Holdings, LLC CEO Charlie Adams. "Our proposal will create senior housing and provide the larger community with many amenities. Hyde Park has been home to many "firsts" and we look forward to continuing to work with the community as we develop the first welcoming and friendly LGBTQ senior housing in Boston.""As a long term business owner and resident of Hyde Park I am excited that the Pennrose proposal was chosen for the abandoned Barton Rogers Middle School," said Pat Tierney Hyde Park resident and the Owner of Tierney Realty Group. "This development will do so much for the neighborhood by beautifying the existing corner, creating commerce for the business district and supplying much needed senior housing for all seniors regardless of their sexual orientation or income level. I consider Pennrose to be a leader in quality senior housing. Let me be the first to welcome such an innovative, creative and Inclusive development to Hyde Park."Of the 74 total income-restricted rental units in the new Barton Rogers development, eight will be rented to households of individuals who are homeless or who require rental assistance. Another eight will be deeply affordable units for seniors whose income is between approximately $25,000-$40,000 per year. In addition, 34 units will be available to households earning less than60% AMI(about $55,000 for a two-person household). The remaining units will be rented to households earning up to80% AMI(8 units) and100% AMI(16 units).The William Barton Rogers Middle School was built in 1899 on 74,000 square feet of land in Boston's Hyde Park neighborhood. It was named in honor of William Barton Rogers, a geologist, physicist, and educator who was the primary founder and first president of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge. The original building was expanded twice, once in 1920, and then again in 1934. In the more than 100 years of its operation as a Boston Public School, it served as a high school, and then as a middle school. Before its closure in June of 2015, the Rogers School put an emphasis on the performing arts, and the tenet of inclusivity for all.Since the start of the Walsh Administration, over 2,000 units of affordable housing for aging citizens have been preserved as deed restricted affordable units, many of which otherwise would have become market-rate units. The City works to identify and help seniors who are being evicted or foreclosed on and come up with solutions that allow them to remain in their homes or be rapidly rehoused in new housing. Since 2014, the City's program has prevented more than 1,000 of Boston's seniors from losing their housing and becoming homeless.In 2018, Mayor Martin J. Walsh updated his comprehensive housing strategy, Housing A Changing City: Boston 2030 toincrease the City's overall housing goal to 69,000 new units by 2030. This goal includes the creation of 15,820 new income-restricted units, which will elevate Boston's number of income-restricted units to 70,000, while maintaining its ratio of one income-restricted unit in every five units of housing in Boston. Creating 2,000 new units for low-income seniors by 2030 is a specific target within this 15,820 income-restricted unit goal. There are currently 310 units of senior housing in construction, and an additional 350 units, including the 74 at the Barton Rogers School, are in the development pipeline. Mayor Walsh's2019 housing security legislative packagefocuses on measures to protect Boston's senior renters while expanding upon the work that Boston has done to address the region's affordable housing crisis by strengthening tools that leverage Boston's prosperity and create new sustainable opportunities to make Boston a more inclusive and equitable city.###
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today shared a set of tips and guidelines for residents ahead of Boston's upcoming cold weather. This afternoon, rain will mix with snow and is expected to end between 4:00 p.m. and 5:00 p.m, with no accumulation expected on roads. Temperatures will drop drastically overnight and tomorrow temperatures are expected to be between 19 degrees and 28 degrees Fahrenheit. Wind gusts are expected to range from 13 to 17 miles per hour, making it feel between 4 and 17 degrees Fahrenheit."Boston is a city of neighborhoods, and in cold weather like this, we ask all residents to help make Boston a city of good neighbors," said Mayor Walsh. "Please be safe, check on your neighbors and older residents, and watch for vulnerable people in need. We're asking everyone to follow our guidelines this winter to stay safe."Mayor Walsh asks all residents to take precautions and exercise care during the low temperatures. He encourages residents to check on neighbors who are older residents or those with disabilities be mindful of homeless individuals who may need assistance and practice caution with space heaters.Homelessness services are also available on Boston.gov.For emergency alerts, including cold-weather alerts, residents are encouraged tosign up for Alert Boston. For questions or additional information, call the City's resident services hotline, 311, or visit the City's website. Follow the City on Twitter for additional information and safety tips:@CityofBoston.Key safety tips include:Dress for the weather:Watch for signs of frostbite:Watch for signs of hypothermia:
Mayor Martin J. Walsh yesterday attended the ninth annual HubNob, a fundraising event for the Foundation for Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF). The event raised over $400,000 to support and expand BCYF programming, including teen opportunities, girls-only programming, aquatics programs, senior programs, and the popular summer Neighborhood Block Parties.BCYF expands opportunities to more families who wouldnt otherwise have them, said Mayor Walsh. Access to positive, safe, and fun environments for our young people is essential for our children's growth and their future. HubNob is a great opportunity to annually recognize the hard work of our BCYF staff.Others in attendance included Boston Police Commissioner William Gross, Health and Human Services Chief Marty Martinez, Boston Centers for Youth & Families Commissioner William Morales, Boston Celtics Vice President of Community Engagement Dave Hoffman, and former New England Revolution player Charlie Davies.BCYFs 36 facilities serve over 2,500 individuals each day. The community centers and pools provide resources for Bostonians with a wide range of low-cost or no-cost programming for people of all ages. This includes adult education classes, after school and summer-day programs, and programming for children and young adults with special needs, girls, seniors, and teens. BCYF also conducts events for children during school vacation weeks and has a Youth Advisory Committee.Mayor Walshs FY19-FY23 Capital Plan invests $50 million in BCYF facilities. Recently, three community centers were renovated: BCYF Gallivan in Mattapan, BCYF Paris Street in East Boston, and BCYF Vine Street in Roxbury. Designs are in progress for renovations to BCYF Paris Street Pool in East Boston, BCYF Curley Community Center in South Boston, BCYF Marshall Community Center in Dorchester, and BCYF Mattahunt Community Center in Mattapan.HubNob funds are critical to the work we do supporting important programs such as BCYF SuperTeens pre-employment summer program, BCYF Snap Shot Teen Photography Program, the BCYF Citywide Spelling Bee, BCYF Neighborhood Block Parties, and BCYF Teen Nights, said William Morales, commissioner of Boston Centers for Youth & Families. We appreciate all the effort The Foundation for BCYF puts into HubNob and our many partners and sponsors who support it.Title Sponsor was Boston Children's Hospital Presenting Sponsor was Comcast NBCUniversal, Citywide Sponsors were John Hancock, MassHousing and Partners Healthcare and Neighborhood Sponsors were the Boston Celtics, Boston Bruins, and Lyft.During the speaking program, the family of late State Representative Kevin Fitzgerald helped present the Kevin Fitzgerald Award for Citywide Excellence to Save the Harbor/Save the Bay and the Kevin Fitzgerald Award for Community Empowerment to BCYF staffers Jack Cameron, Paul DeVoe and Judie Mercer.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers (including 18 pools) in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees citywide programs focusing on supporting high-risk and proven-risk youth and young adults, girls, teens, children and adults with special needs, and youth employment.The Foundation for Boston Centers for Youth & Families supports free and affordable programs for all ages and in every neighborhood. Its mission is to enhance the quality of life for Boston residents by partnering with Boston Centers for Youth & Families to support a wide range of comprehensive programs and activities according to neighborhood need and interest.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Parks Commissioner Ryan Woods will join Jamaica Plain residents along with park advocates and users at 12 noon on Saturday, November 23, to celebrate the completion of renovations to the pathways encircling Jamaica Pond and the renaming of the boathouse in honor of Christine Cooper, longtime supporter of efforts to restore and revitalize the park.The $4,770,000 project, funded by Mayor Walshs Capital Improvement Program, was done in two phases. The first focused on the area around Pinebank and the ball field and included new paving of pathways, repairs to entrances, a new bottle filler, new rules and bike signage, new benches, and new trees.The second phase involved all pathways surrounding the pond and the DCR multi-use path along the Jamaicaway and included the same scope of improvements along with bottle fillers, new exercise equipment, and a new accessible fishing platform. Additional upgrades included accessibility upgrades to the boat house plaza, addition of a runners path, and drainage improvements to help pond water quality.The pathways project has produced major accessibility upgrades including: 100% of the entrances now meet ADA guidelines an increase from one to three drinking fountain/bottle fillers that are ADA compliant an increase in pathways that are ADA compliant from 60% to 95% the boathouse plaza is now 100% ADA compliant including the pavement to the door of the boathouse and bandstand and now over 50% of benches have an adjacent companion seat.This project also has been designed to help water quality through drainage improvements. Swales were added on the uphill side of the pathway to retain and infiltrate storm water before crossing over the path into the pond. Sediment catchment has been added to the top of each cobble swale to allow sediment to settle prior to water flowing over the swale into the pond. The runners path was designed to funnel water to the cobble swales in order to avoid erosion along the pond edges.Given the heavy usage by pedestrians and cyclists, signage around the pond is very important. The pathways improvement project upgraded signage in the park, added place identification signage, rules signage including new no swimming/no skating signs, no feeding the wildlife signs, and also bike rules signs and pavement markings.The November 23 celebration will include refreshments provided by HP Hood LLC, the official dairy sponsor for the Boston Parks and Recreation Departments 2019 park openings.
Located at 110 Atlantic Avenue on Bostons historic waterfront, Christopher Columbus Park will be transformed into a beautiful holiday display when the parks 260 feet of trellis are illuminated with 50,000 blue lights along with 14 decorated trees near Tias, the Marriott Long Wharf Hotel, and throughout the park.Entertainment will be provided by students and instructors from the North End Music and Performing Arts Center, singer Sharon Zeffiro performing a selection of holiday classics, Jamaica Plain singer-songwriter A. P. Black, the crooner of Venezuela Gian Faraone, and special guests Santa Claus, Rudolph, and Frosty. In addition, the Acting Postmaster of Boston, Leroy Middleton, Jr., will unveil the new US Postal Service holiday stamp.Refreshments, holiday treats, and giveaways will be provided by the Marriott Long Wharf Hotel, Joes American Bar & Grill Waterfront, HP Hood LLC, and Magic 106.7. Stop by the Fios Treat Truck to enjoy baked goods compliments of Verizon Fios.For more information on the Trellis Lighting, please call 617-635-4505 or visit the Friends of Christopher Columbus Park websiteor the Boston Parks and Recreation Department website.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the schedule for the 2019 Enchanted Trolley Tour, a Boston holiday tradition of lighting holiday trees throughout the City. This year, the Mayor's Enchanted Trolley Tour will start on Friday, December 6 and end on Sunday, December 8, in neighborhoods throughout Boston."I love the holiday season around Boston. It's a great way to gather together as Bostonians and celebrate our neighbors, the City and our many neighborhoods," said Mayor Walsh. "I'm excited to start the season by making stops throughout the City for the annual trolley tour and tree lightings. This weekend-long celebration is a great family tradition for all Bostonians to come out and enjoy."For the 24th year, the Mayor's Enchanted Trolley Tour will continue the festive tradition of lighting holiday trees while bringing holiday spirit to children across Boston. The event is sponsored by Bank of America, and includes visits with Santa, holiday performances, tree lightings, and more.
BOSTON - Thursday, November 7, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh yesterday joined the Department of Youth Engagement and Employment for the swearing-in ceremony of the2019-2020 Mayor's Youth Council(MYC), a group of 85 high schoolers that work to improve Boston's communities and empower other young people throughout the City. The Council advises Mayor Walsh and his administration on policy and programming important to youth. Students were selected following an extensive application and interview process."I'm pleased to welcome our newest members to the Youth Council," said Mayor Walsh. "Youth have the potential to be powerful agents of changeand confront issues in their neighborhoods, school community, and within city government. When youth are civically engaged and included in dialogue that shapes decision making, they can be empowered to be part of and believe in democracy."Members of the Youth Council come from all across Boston and attend a variety of public, parochial, private and alternative schools. The MYC is a year-round commitment, and members devote eight to 13 hours a month to meetings, impact and service projects, and engagement. The number of youth representing each neighborhood is based upon census data that indicates where young people live in Boston.MYC representatives form issue-based subcommittees designed by input from youth and are reflective of Mayor Walsh's cabinet structure. The current committees include Arts & Culture, Education & Youth Lead the Change, Civic Engagement, Workforce & Economic Development, Public Health, Public Peace, and Climate Action. Annually, 16 youth directors and deputy directors are elected by their peers to lead the Council's committees."Being on the Mayor's Youth Council for the past two years has allowed me to develop my leadership skills, as well as provide the opportunity to learn about issues beyond my neighborhood, school and community," said Laura Goodfield, 18, of the West End. "It has provided me with a platform to speak on issues I'm passionate about and work with other like-minded youth to build solutions.""Our commitment to the Mayor's Youth Council remains an important part of Northeastern's engagement with the Boston community," said Joseph E. Aoun, President of Northeastern University, a fiscal sponsor of the Mayor's Youth Council. "Through the experience of civic action, our students are developing the skills to be the leaders and innovators of tomorrow. We look forward to our continued partnership with Mayor Walsh."Over the past year, members of the MYC have worked on a variety of issues related to public safety, participatory budgeting, and theVote 16initiative. Recently, youth leaders have provided feedback to the MBTA on their five-year transportation plan and have guided the community input process regarding how the City of Boston spends $1 million of the Capital Budget through"Youth Lead the Change".Any youth seeking to serve with the Council should visityouth.boston.gov###
This year commemorates 102 years of friendship between Nova Scotia and the people of Boston after our city provided emergency assistance when Halifax, Nova Scotias capital, was devastated by a maritime munitions explosion in the harbor in 1917.Bostons official 2019 Christmas tree is a 45-foot white spruce tree donated by Desmond Waithe and Corina Saunders of Chance Harbour, Pictou County, Nova Scotia. The tree will be celebrated at a public cutting ceremony at 10:30 a.m. on Wednesday, November 13. The official send-off ceremony will be on Friday, November 15, at Halifax City Hall, with a stop at St. Stephens Elementary School located in the north end of the city, an area severely damaged by the Halifax Explosion. On Saturday, November 16, the tree will be in Halifaxs annual Parade of Lights and from there it will begin its journey to Boston. Nova Scotia will also send an additional four smaller trees for donation to local charities.Our welcoming ceremony for the tree from Nova Scotia celebrates the lasting friendship between the people of Boston and the people of Halifax, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Every year, thousands of residents and visitors enjoy this beautiful tree, and I thank Desmond and Corina and the people of Halifax for making Bostons holiday season so special.On November 19, the official 2019 Christmas tree will be escorted by the Boston Police Department beginning around 10 a.m. from Billerica via Route 3 South to Route 128 North to Interstate 93 South to Sullivan Square to Rutherford Avenue over the Charlestown bridge and will weave through downtown Boston on North Washington, New Chardon, Cambridge, Tremont, Boylston, and Charles Streets to enter Boston Common at the corner of Beacon and Charles Streets at approximately 11 a.m.Boston Parks Commissioner Ryan Woods, an official Nova Scotian town crier, Santa Claus, and local schoolchildren including youngsters from the Mather Elementary School in Dorchester will greet the tree at its final destination near the Boston Visitors Center at 139 Tremont Street. The tree will be lit at approximately 7:55 p.m. on Thursday, December 5, as the City of Bostons Official Tree Lighting is celebrated on Boston Common from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. The ceremony will be broadcast live on WCVB Channel 5 starting at 7 p.m.The 78th annual Tree Lighting on Boston Common is sponsored by the Boston Parks and Recreation Department, title sponsor The Province of Nova Scotia, signature sponsor Encore Boston Harbor, Jumbotron sponsor Geico Local Offices, and presenting sponsors Exelon and the Coca-Cola Company with additional support provided by WCVB Channel 5, Magic 106.7 FM, and the Boston Globe. For further information, please call the Boston Parks and Recreation Department at 617-635-4505 or visit us on Facebook.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received a complete application to demolish the residence at 54 Waverly Street, Brighton, 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of this property, please send toblc@boston.govbefore5 p.m.onNovember 16, 2019.
BOSTON - Tuesday, November 5, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Public Schools (BPS) Superintendent Brenda Cassellius today joined City officials and BPS staff to celebrate the new playground at the Henry L. Higginson School in Roxbury.Before the construction, the Higginson School was one of two Boston public schools without a playground. The new outdoor play space is the first BPS playground constructed with Community Preservation Act (CPA) funds, through a$500,000 grant recommended by Mayor Walsh in 2018.The project was the result of advocacy from parents, school staff, community partners, andstudents, who contributed design ideas. Students and families attended a Boston School Committee meeting to advocate for a playground and participated in a subsequent Boston City Council hearing discussing the slate of recommended CPA projects. The project was a public-private partnership between the City, BPS, and Higher Ground, and received unanimous support from the outset from Community Preservation Committee members."The Higginson is a great school community that reflects the values we believe in the City of Boston," said Mayor Walsh. "This school is dedicated to inclusion, and this playground reflects that value by being accessible to different ages and different abilities. This is exactly the type of improvement in our infrastructure that Community Preservation Act funds are intended to provide."The school's previous outdoor space consisted solely of a cracked, uneven concrete surface in need of repair. The new playground is two-tiered with each level supporting play for students of different ages. There are structures on both tiers, including rubber-surfaced play areas, slides, climbing ropes, modern seesaws and an adjustable basketball hoop with a paved court.The Higginson School serves pre-Kindergarten through second-grade students with and without disabilities in a fully inclusive setting. The new outdoor space hasfeaturesincluding a ramp connecting both levels of the playground to make the area accessible for all students."All of our students deserve an outdoor space where they can engage in physical activity and have fun with their peers," said BPS Superintendent Brenda Cassellius. "I'm so appreciative of our community and City partners who collaborated with students, staff and families to bring the school community's vibrant ideas to life. Student voice and community preservation are incredibly vital, and I thank the City of Boston for making both a priority."During the event, it was announced that a proposal will be set forth to the Boston School Committee to dedicate the playground to retiring Higginson School Principal Marie Mullen. Mullen is stepping down as school leader after more than 35 years of service to the BPS community. She has held various BPS roles, including teacher and director of instruction, at multiple BPS schools including the Mozart Elementary, Trotter K-8, and Haynes Early Education Center. She was previously the principal of the now-closed Fifield Elementary School in Dorchester."It's always wonderful when we can provide our youth with a new addition to their school building that was designed with their own ideas in mind," said Boston School Committee Chairperson Michael Loconto. "I thank Principal Marie Mullen for her decades of service to the BPS community and I am so glad that we were able to celebrate this playground, the school community, and her leadership ahead of her retirement."The Community Preservation Fund is capitalized primarily by a one percent property tax-based surcharge on residential and business property tax bills that began in July 2017 after voters adopted the measure in November 2016. Thelast roundof CPA awards in February 2019 funded $34 million to projects across the city, including affordable housing developments and programs, parks and open space, and historic preservation projects consistent with statewide guidelines.As part of his2019 legislative agenda, Mayor Walsh has been advocating for adjusting the surcharge on fees for recording deeds to increase the State CPA match, protecting the Act that more than 170 cities and towns depend on for the creation of affordable housing, open space, and historic preservation. When municipalities voted to enact CPA, they did so with the promise of a substantial state match. This year, the match was just 11 percent with a one-time surplus allotment added, but the CPA bill people voted for is no longer the same bill. The FY20 State budget increases the match, raising an estimated additional $36 million in revenue, putting the state match at around 30 percent and allowing us to invest more in our communities.About Boston Public SchoolsThe Boston Public Schools (BPS), the birthplace of public education in the United States, serves nearly 55,000 pre-kindergarten through grade 12 students in 125 schools. BPS is committed to transforming the lives of all children through exemplary teaching in a world-class system of innovative, welcoming schools. We partner with the community, families, and students to develop in every learner the knowledge, skill, and character to excel in college, career, and life.About the Community Preservation Act (CPA)After Boston voters adopted the CPA in November 2016, the City created a Community Preservation Fund. This fund is capitalized primarily by a one percent property tax-based surcharge on residential and business property tax bills that began in July 2017. The City uses this revenue to fund initiatives consistent with statewide CPA guidelines: affordable housing, historic preservation, and open space and public recreation. The funding of any project requires a recommendation from the Community Preservation Committee and appropriation by the City. For more information, please visit theCommunity Preservation webpage.###
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received a complete application to demolish the residence at 57 Bigelow Street, Brighton , 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of this property, please send toblc@boston.govbefore5 p.m.onNovember 15, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received a complete application to demolish the residential structures at 1-23 Ledgemere Road, Brighton, 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of this property, please send toblc@boston.govbefore5 p.m.onNovember 15, 2019.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture today announced acall for artistsfor a second artwork that will be located at the BCYF Vine Street Community Center in Roxbury. This piece will be one of fivePercent for Art-funded projectscurrently underway in the neighborhood. The funds allocated for the Percent for Art program, enacted by Mayor Walsh in 2017,come from one percent of the City's annual capital borrowing budget for the commissioning of public art."This project will have a real impact on the families who visit the BCYF Vine Street Community Center as well as the entire neighborhood of Roxbury," said Mayor Walsh. "I look forward to seeing the Center, which has served as an anchor of the Roxbury neighborhood, enhanced and beautified by this new piece of public art."The City of Boston is calling on artists who have a cultural, historic or artistic connection to Roxbury to develop a permanent, two-dimensional, interior artwork with a budget of $9,999. This is the second call for artists for BCYF Vine Street. Casto Solano was selected to create a piece of public art on the landscaped area in front of the center that will be installed in 2020.Last year, Mayor Walsh and members of the community celebrated theopening of the renovated BCYF Vine Street Community Centerin Roxbury. The $5.3 million dollar renovation is a part of the Mayor's $37 million FY20-FY24 Capital Plan investment in BCYF facilities.Building on his continued support of arts and culture in the City of Boston, Mayor Walsh dedicated over $2.5 million in funding in the past year toward arts programming, including support for 220 different arts organizations, more than 200 individual artists, and more than 90 free arts experiences for all residents to enjoy.Over the next five years, the City is committing $13.4 million to the Percent for Art program, an initiative ofBoston Creates, the City's first cultural plan that aims to integrate arts and culture into all aspects of civic life. This, combined with $80,000 for temporary public art projects in the next year and several new City staff positions, is the most funding the City has ever dedicated to public art.The deadline to apply for the second Vine Street BCYF Center public art project is Friday, December 6.Interested artists can apply online. You can also learn more about the City's public art projects online.The Office of Arts and Culture enhances the quality of life, the economy, and the design of the City through the arts. The role of the arts in all aspects of life in Boston is reinforced through equitable access to arts and culture in every community, its public institutions, and public places. Key areas of work include support to the cultural sector through grants and programs, as well as the production and permitting of art in public places.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Boston's largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers (including 18 pools) in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees citywide programs focusing on supporting high-risk and proven-risk youth and young adults, girls, teens, children and adults with special needs, and youth employment.
BOSTON - Monday, November 4, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Massasoit Community College, one of the largest community colleges in the state, is the fifth college to join the City of Boston'sTuition-Free Community College Plan. The Tuition-Free Community College program (TFCC) was launched by Mayor Walsh in 2016, and pays for up to three years of college for Boston's income-eligible students who have earned their high school credential. Massasoit joins Bunker Hill Community College, Roxbury Community College, MassBay Community College and Benjamin Franklin Institute of Technology as participants in the program."I launched our Tuition-Free Community College Plan as a tool to help Boston residents afford and complete college," said Mayor Walsh. "Since then, we have kept pushing toward that goal by growing the program-expanding student choice, academic opportunities and access to institutions committed to student success. Massasoit Community College will be a valuable partner in our work to build career pathways for Boston residents."Through the TFCC program, Massasoit will provide participants with more options in both locations and programs of study. Massasoit operates campuses in Middleborough, Brockton and Canton, which is within 10 miles of Hyde Park and Mattapan. The addition of Massasoit also makes new associate degree programs available to TFCC program students in Diesel Technology, Heating, Ventilation, & Air Conditioning (HVAC), Veterinary Technology and Architectural Technology.These fields lead to careers that pay well above Boston's living wage. For example, diesel mechanics and HVAC technicians in the Greater Boston area earn salaries of approximately $60,000 on average, at an average wage of $29/hour, compared to the current living wage of approximately $15/hour. The HVAC degree program at Massasoit creates a post-secondary pathway for students from Roxbury's Madison Park Technical Vocational High School who are enrolled in the school's new HVAC program."Dozens of students from the Boston area choose to study at Massasoit each year, and with the help of Mayor Walsh, his Office of Workforce Development, and the Tuition-Free Community College Plan, we're delighted to give even more students the opportunity to earn a degree from our institution," said Massasoit President Dr. Gena Glickman. "Our College is a tight-knit community of learners, faculty, and staff. Students who choose to study here have the opportunity to enroll in unique degree programs, challenge themselves academically through the Commonwealth Honors Program, and get involved through a number of student organizations and activities."The number of students who apply and are accepted to the TFCC program has increased every year since 2016. Among the 489 students who have been accepted to the program, the mean household income is less than $25,000 per year. Despite these economic challenges, participating students have achieved a higher college retention rate (78%) from their first year to their second than that of community college students nationwide (63%)."Thanks to the TFCC program, I didn't have to stress about paying for school," said Naweed Hassan, a TFCC participant who graduated from Bunker Hill Community College and has gone on to study at UMass Boston. "As a result, this helped me to stay more focused on my academics and make sure I got the most out of my education."Run by theMayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD), TFCC is funded by theNeighborhood Jobs Trustwhich ensures Boston residents directly benefit from development by collecting linkage fees from large-scale commercial projects in the City.Students enrolling in TFCC must be Boston residents who have graduated from a high school in Boston, graduated from high school as a METCO student or earned their HiSET or GED. The students must also be eligible for a Pell Grant as determined by the U.S. Department of Education and meet U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development guidelines for having a low to moderate household income.TFCC participants can extend their education to a four-year college throughBoston Bridge, a collaboration of the TFCC program and the state's Commonwealth Commitment program. Boston Bridge enables the program's community college students to transfer to a Massachusetts state university or UMass campus to complete their bachelor's degree free of tuition or mandatory fees.About the Mayor's Office of Workforce DevelopmentThe Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD) is an innovative agency within the Boston Redevelopment Authority that seeks to ensure the full participation of all Boston residents in the City's economic vitality and future. OWD funds and oversees programs that promote workforce development through education, jobs training, apprenticeships, financial coaching, career pathways, literacy initiatives, and the like. Please visitOWD.Boston.Govto learn more about OWD's work.About Massasoit Community CollegeFounded in 1966, Massasoit Community College is one of the largest community colleges in Massachusetts. Massasoit offers more than 60 associate degree and certificate programs across arts, sciences, and applied sciences. With three locations in Brockton, Canton, and Middleborough, Massasoit serves students from all across the metro south region. More than 900 students graduate with an associate degree or certificate each year from Massasoit, and 2,600 students annually enroll in non-credit community education or workforce development courses. Massasoit offers a wide variety of support services to help students develop academic, emotional, and social skills.###
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received a complete application to demolish the structure at 144 Old Colony Avenue, South Boston, 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of this property, please send toblc@boston.govbefore5 p.m.onNovember 12, 2019.
Hundreds of job seekers from across Boston registered for the Citys first Age Strong @ Work employment series this fall, culminating in a job fair today at the Dewitt Center in Roxbury. City departments and community partners came together to provide three dynamic sessions geared towards equipping older adults with employment trends, skill-building workshops, and job opportunities with Boston employers.Older adults have been a huge part of Bostons growth, and they are some of the most experienced, reliable, and dedicated workers, said Mayor Walsh. As a city, we are proud to support people 55+ as they search for new jobs and career paths. We hope that through the Age Strong @ Work series we are not only able to help those on a path to employment but also showcase the value of older workers to employers across the region.The series was developed in collaboration between the Age Strong Commission, the Mayors Office of Economic Development, Mayors Office of Diversity, Mayor's Office of Workforce Development, and the Disabilities Commission. The City of Boston also brought in a number of community partners, including funding partner AARP Massachusetts, Operation ABLE, Jobcase, and others to provide meaningful information and expertise about Bostons job market to older participants.Rob Quinn, 60, of the South End, participated in the Age Strong @ Work series. I am grateful for the opportunity afforded me to not only attend, but more importantly share my employment experiences  struggles and successes, said Quinn. Being valued for my lived experience is what gives me a pulse and continued meaning and purpose in the city of Boston.The employment series for older workers was created in response to Age-Friendly listening sessions in every neighborhood of Boston. Residents expressed concerns about employment and job development skills. Only 18% of respondents thought there were sufficient job opportunities for older workers. This feedback reflects national trends. The Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) projects that by 2026, 42 million people aged 55 and older will join the US labor force. Boston committed to focusing on employment and income security in their Age-Friendly Action Plan. The Age Strong @ Work series is designed to develop confidence and connect attendees with various opportunities across the city. Participants received free professional headshot photos, one-on-one help with their resumes, assistance with online job applications, and connections to top age-friendly employers like Boston Medical Center and the U.S. Post Office.This series is also part of the Economic Development Center's "Jobs, Talent, and Career" series, which is designed to maximize Boston's existing talent and remove barriers to job entry to ensure everyone can benefit from the City's economic growth. Mayor Walsh first announced the Economic Development Center at this year's State of the City address, and the Center is designed to engage with residents around job growth, business development, placemaking and community economic development at accessible locations in every neighborhood."I brought a group of women who I work with to the skills-building workshops and the sessions were so helpful, said Terry Williams, Mobility Mentor from EMPath - Economic Mobility Pathways, an organization committed to empowering families with income insecurity. Participants were really interested and seemed to get a lot out of the sessions.Jobcase was honored to join Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston to empower older workers and to help local employers find amazing people to help their businesses succeed,said Fred Goff, founder and CEO of Jobcase.  Employers shouldnt just hire older workers despite their age they should run to hire older workers because of their age. Older workers bring high levels of learning skills, cognition, and experience that help them problem solve in creative ways. They are a huge competitive advantage for any company-- and older workers often have these skills in abundance.The Age Strong Commission works towards making Boston a city that fully embraces aging. Our mission is to enhance the lives of people 55+ with meaningful programs, resources, and connections so we can live and age strong together in Boston. For more than 50 years, we have served constituents as a City department, Council on Aging, and Area Agency on Aging. In 2017, the Commission launched its Age-Friendly Action Plan, which is the City's blueprint to make Boston the best city to live and age in.AARP Massachusetts supports residents aged 50 and olderwith state legislation & advocacy on caregiving, health care, financial security, work, retirement & more. AARP is the nations largest nonprofit, nonpartisan organization dedicated to empowering people 50 and older to choose how they live as they age. With a nationwide presence and nearly 38 million members, AARP strengthens communities and advocates for what matters most to families: health security, financial stability, and personal fulfillment.The Jobcase mission is to empower the worlds workers. Jobcase.com is the free open-access social media platform where over 100 million registered members manage all aspects of their work-lives. Jobcase technology also powers over 100 job sites and many non-profit driven activities via its Jobcase network. Jobcase has emerged as one of the fastest-growing technology companies in Boston and is an industry-affiliated partner of MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, CSAIL. Jobcase also provides pro-bono services for non-profit organizations who share in their mission of empowerment, such as the Chicago Urban League.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Boston Parks and Recreation Commissioner Ryan Woods, Executive Vice President of Harvard University Katie Lapp and local residents and sports leagues for the grand reopening of Smith Playground at 235 Western Avenue in Allston. The $6.4 million investment brings a new playground,amphitheater, the City of Boston's first pumptrack, a variety of sports fields, rinks and courts."Today is a great day in Allston, as we celebrate the opening of a new park and space for residents and families to enjoy," said Mayor Walsh. "These green spaces support public health and well-being, they help bring neighbors together, and improve the quality of life for everyone. This is a gold standard park that represents the kind of creativity and accessibility we're including in all new parks in Boston."Phase 1 of the master plan included a new state-of-the-art playground with splash pad, irrigated multipurpose field for soccer, lacrosse, and other field sports, new street hockey rink and basketball courts with lighting, passive community area, flexible amphitheater for small and large events, Western Avenue frontage improvements, "wheel-friendly" areas designed for use by skateboards and bikes with skate-able paths and walls, Boston's first pump track, walking paths with pedestrian lighting, and associated utility work. In addition, the improvements included a gift from Boston Properties: the Donald DeLue sculpture "Quest Eternal," formerly located in front of the Prudential Center."When undertaking improvement projects, the Boston Parks and Recreation Department always seeks the input of users and abutters during a series of community meetings where we ask what they want to see in their open space," said Commissioner Woods."As a result, we have a truly local park that will serve people of all ages and backgrounds for years to come."Design for Phase 2 of the project (baseball and softball fields) will begin this fall. The first Community Meeting about Phase 2 of the project will be taking place on Wednesday, November 6th at 6PM at the Josephine A. Fiorentino Community Center, 123 Antwerp St, Allston."It is inspiring to see such a remarkable transition of Smith Playground," said John Bruno, a lifelong North Brighton resident and chair of the Harvard Allston Task Force. "Enhancing the green space and recreational area provides an opportunity to make our neighborhood more livable, more sustainable and more equitable. This is a direct result of the hard work of the Harvard Allston Task Force, the neighborhood, and the City of Boston."The celebration marked the completion of Phase 1 renovations with a total budget of $6.4 million including $3.3 million funded by Mayor Walsh's Capital Plan, $2.1 million from the Harvard Allston Public Realm Flexible Fund, community benefits from Harvard University, NHL Hockey is for Everyone, the Continuum project on Western Avenue by Samuels & Associates, and the Boston College Neighborhood Improvement Fund for the recently dedicated General Casey Amphitheater named in memory of Major General George W. Casey.Today's ribbon cutting at Smith aligns with theCity's Open Space and Recreation Plan, focusing on access, equity, and excellence - so that every neighborhood is home to beautiful spaces that serve both the people and the environment. The improvements to Smith Park are part of the over $230 million allocated through Imagine Boston 2030, the largest-ever capital funding for Boston parks.
More than 43 million people in the United Statesprovide unpaid caregiving support for elderly adults and children who need help with day-to-day functioning. This can range from helping someone to get out of bed to medication management, taking loved ones to doctors appointments, and more.Many caregivers often report feeling isolated and highly stressed by the daily responsibility. So, this month we seek to introduce different Boston area supports for caregivers in recognition of National Family Caregivers Month. Listed below are resources and networks to help cope with the task of caring for your loved ones:Even with the support that can come from these resources, caring for a sick or disabled loved one can be physically and emotionally exhausting. Caregivers are always encouraged to refer to the caregiver bill of rights, a series of affirmations that allow you to feel emotionally honest about the challenges of being a caregiver.Have a safe and restful November!
BOSTON - Friday, November 1, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a significant milestone reached on the implementation of the City'sGo Boston 2030 transportation plan, with more than half of the 58 projects and policies identified in the plan currently underway. The comprehensive plan was unveiled in 2017 and is designed to provide, by the year 2030, a safe, reliable and equitable transportation system that also supports Boston's climate goals. In just two years, the Boston Transportation Department and its partners have made significant progress on their planning goals, designed to increase safety, accessibility, equity and affordability in transportation for all residents. Twenty-one projects are already in implementation and another 17 are in design.In an effort to showcase the ongoing progress being made towards each of the action items, the City today launched anupdated project websitewhere residents can view the status of each of the 58 projects and policies identified in the Go Boston 2030 Action Plan. The website also tracks key data indicators related to improvements in safety, access, and reliability."Go Boston 2030 is working to create a city where residents of all neighborhoods have safe, reliable and equitable travel choices, and where people can confidently walk, bicycle, take public transportation, or ride in a car to move around the City," said Mayor Walsh. "The more efficient transportation system being built in accordance with Go Boston 2030 will be environmentally progressive and will further economic opportunity in Boston."A summary of the 58 projects and policies identified in the Go Boston 2030 Action Plan is below. These were developed as a result of more than 3,700 ideas submitted by residents and others during an extensive public outreach effort spearheaded by the Boston Transportation Department.Safer, stress-free, more accessible walking and biking7 projects in implementation, 7 in design, 4 not yet startedIn 2018, with the support of new staff and an increased budget, the City committed to building 15 Neighborhood Slow Streets zones to traffic-calm residential streets, complete 15 miles of protected bike lanes, and make improvements at 15 corridors with safety challenges in the next four years. To set the stage for our Vision Zero policy, BTD has established 25 MPH as the default speed limit for Boston and installed over 70 speed feedback signs.Project Highlights:Bike Share Network Expansion: With 2 million trips per year, nearly 100 new stations will have been installed in almost every neighborhood in Boston by the year's end. Boston now offers 219 stations across the City of Boston.Better Bike Corridors: 8 miles of protected bike lanes have been installed and an additional 10 miles are in construction and planning.Walk and Bike Friendly Main Streets: Improvements completed at Central, Hyde, Mattapan (Phase I), and Roslindale Squares. In construction at Dudley Square, and in design in 5 districts.Neighborhood Slow Streets: Construction will be complete in 7 zones by 2020. An additional 5 zones are in design and will be constructed in 2021.Vision Zero Priority Corridors: Safety upgrades completed along parts of Massachusetts Avenue, Walter Street, Beacon Street, Kneeland Street, Longwood Avenue, River Street, Brookline Avenue, Stuart Street, Tremont Street (Phase I), and at over a dozen intersections.Summer Street Protected Bike Lane: Separated bike lanes on Summer Street in the Fort Point have been installed.Public Realm Plan: Tactical plazas, including at Tontine Crescent and in Phillips Square in Chinatown, and "Open Newbury Street" implemented, and a public realm director position created.More reliable bus, train, ferry, and shuttle networks10 projects in implementation, 7 in design, and 11 not yet startedThe Boston Transportation Department established its first ever Transit Team in 2019, following the Mayor's dedication of funds in the FY19 budget. The team is installing transit priority interventions on the busiest corridors and working to advance regional rail projects. We are on track to install bus lanes on 6 priority corridors by 2020.Project Highlights:Forest Hills to Roslindale Square Rapid Bus: With the completion of this inbound lane, bus travel times have improved by 20-25 percent during the busiest peak times.Oak Square to Commonwealth Avenue Rapid Bus: The first phase of this project, 24/7 inbound and outbound bus lanes from Union Square to Packards Corner on Brighton Avenue will be completed in 2019.Fairmount Line Service Improvements: BTD's Transit Team presented a proposal to the FMCB for 8 additional weekday trips on the line, and advocated for these trips to be added by 2020.Fair MBTA Fare Policy and Extended Service Hours: The City distributed free T passes to all middle and high school students, and helped the MBTA start Night Bus Service to 2:00 AM.Restructure All Bus Routes: MassDOT kicked off the bus network redesign in June of 2019, with BTD participating in the planning process.Inner Harbor Ferry Expansion: Ferry service has started between Lovejoy Wharf and the Seaport with additional connections along the inner harbor anticipated.Mattapan to LMA Rapid Bus: We are in the early engagement phase of planning for mobility, safety, and public realm improvements for Blue Hill Avenue and Warren Street.Smarter, more efficient streets and partnerships4 projects in implementation, 3 in design, 5 not yet startedBTD has created a New Mobility Team which is partnering with private service providers, electric utilities, transportation management associations (TMAs), and developers to improve travel choices for all.Project Highlights:Performance Based Meter Pricing: Analysis of the new meter rates implemented in Back Bay and South Boston shows double parking decreased by 14 percent.Smart Signal Districts: An adaptive signals network design for the South Boston Seaport will be launched in 2020 by MassDOT in partnership with BTD.Autonomous Vehicle Policy: The City is working with and monitoring the progress of two companies testing AVs in the South Boston Seaport.Expanded Transportation Demand Management Program: BTD has hired a TDM Planner who is currently working on a "points based" TDM program to create a more efficient development review process.Neighborhood Mobility microHUBs: Design work is underway with plans for a pilot program to be installed in East Boston currently slated for 2020.Go Boston 2030 also established aspirational targets of desired outcomes that residents want the projects and policies to achieve.Improving Safety:Traffic fatalities and severe injuries in Boston will be eliminated.10 fatal traffic crashes in 2018, down from 14 in 2017 and 21 in 2016.Expanding Access:Every Bostonian will be within a 10 min walk of transit, bikeshare, and carshare.60 percent of Bostonians in 2019 within a 10 min walk of rail or key bus route, car share, and bike share, compared with 42 percent in 2017.Ensuring Reliability:Bostonians' average commute to work time will decrease by 10 percent.Average travel time to work in 2017 is the same as it was in 2014: 30.8 min.Reducing Drive Alone Commute rates:Reducing drive alone to work rates by 50 percent and increasing transit use by 33 percent.The city-wide average has hovered around 38 percent of all commuters driving alone for the last 10 years.Reducing Emissions:Achieve carbon neutrality by 2050.Boston's 2017 emissions represent a 21 percent decrease from 2005.Increasing Affordability:Reduce transportation costs for low income households.The recent MBTA fare hike does not impact bus riders, seniors, or middle/high school students. Mayor Walsh's budget has also provided free MBTA passes for Boston students.###
Building on Boston's commitment to ensuring every resident and business in Boston has access to the same opportunities, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced an Executive Order designed to support equitable procurement in the City of Boston. This Executive Order builds on the 2016 Executive Order, and the Walsh Administration's policies and initiatives to address racial and economic disparities in order to expand opportunities for woman- and minority-owned businesses."As Mayor, my goal is to make sure that Boston is a city of opportunity for everyone. We need to harness our City's incredible economic growth so that it lifts everyone up," said Mayor Walsh. "To have a truly strong city, Boston's success must be shared by all. The City's own spending power is a key lever for increasing equity in business opportunities, and this Executive Order is the next step in ensuring we match our business practices with our values and goals."Mayor Walsh's Executive Order will work to ensure the full participation of all enterprises in City spending, focused on small and local, minority-, women-, and veteran- owned small businesses.The Executive Order has three key aspects:In order to make procurement opportunities more accessible to a wider audience, the Department of Innovation and Technology and the Procurement Department will also update the City's procurement website so that businesses are able to view and filter all city contracts and opportunities."This Executive Order establishes a set of sound business practices in the City of Boston's procurement process that will increase transparency, accessibility, and efficiency across all departments and agencies," said John F. Barros, Chief of Economic Development. "As we create equitable procurement plans in the beginning of the budgeting process, while simultaneously modernizing our certified business registry, the City will be in a position to strategically market opportunities to an increased pool of businesses and do business with a diverse ecosystem of new businesses.""As the Chief Procurement Officer for the City of Boston, I'm confident this Executive Order will give the City more tools to ensure we're using Boston's resources to empower all residents and businesses," said Emme Handy, Chief Financial Officer. "This Executive Order focuses on real solutions to better equip our departments and employees to achieve Boston's goals of an equitable and diverse procurement process.""I support Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston's efforts to make the procurement process more inclusive and efficient for all, and to ultimately increase contracting with minority-owned local businesses. Contracting with the City has positively impacted my business, and I look forward to the implementation of such process changes resulting in more transparency and accountability, and opening more opportunities for City Fresh and other small minority companies," said Sheldon Lloyd, CEO, City Fresh Foods.In coordination with the implementation of this Executive Order, Mayor Walsh also established the City of Boston's first-ever Supplier Diversity Advisory Council. A team of leaders in both the public and private sectors, this group brings expertise in supplier diversity best practices, technical assistance, community economic development, and equity programs to work alongside Mayor's Office staff and make policy and programming recommendations. Supplier Diversity Advisory Council members include:"The City of Boston is taking an important first step towards advancing equity and access for minority, women and veteran-owned businesses by implementing the Executive Order, and conducting a disparity study in City procurement. Black, Latino and women entrepreneurs are fueling small-business growth in the City of Boston, yet are often overlooked and left out of procurement opportunities. We thank Mayor Walsh and John Barros, Chief of Economic Development for recognizing the systemic barriers facing these local businesses and implementing processes, systems and reporting to provide more equitable contracting opportunities that help level the playing field," said Betty Francisco, Co-Founder, Amplify LatinX.This Executive Order is one of several steps towards creating a more equitable, transparent procurement process across City of Boston departments. The Mayor's Office of Economic Development is currently leading aDisparity Studyin collaboration with BBC Research & Consulting. The Disparity Study will examine the participation of MWBEs in City contracting, measure the availability of MWBEs for City contracts and procurements, and assess marketplace conditions for MWBEs.Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh launched theEconomic Development Centerin January, establishing a new foundation to deploy small business resources into every neighborhood and across all industries, working to further strengthen professional relationships, and ensure a diverse vendor pipeline. The Equity and Inclusion series offers topical workshops to share knowledge about the City's procurement process, convenes top contracting departments and small businesses across the city in workshops for networking, training, and certification. The Pathways to City Contracting series hosted over 450 attendees across five workshops where staff walked attendees through the certification and bidding process, expanded the vendor pool, and created partnerships amongst businesses and city departments. The City Contracting Opportunity Fairs are designed for department buyers to meet local business owners, and foster fruitful relationships between the City of Boston and MBEs, WBEs, small and local, and veteran-owned small businesses. Targeted community-based info sessions for specific contracts have also resulted in MBEs and MWBEs landing contracts for the first time in landscaping, snow removal, and recycling cart delivery.This summer, the City of Boston and Boston Planning and Development Agency (BPDA) were selected to participate in the Citi Foundation and Living Cities' expansion of theCity Accelerator initiative on Inclusive Procurement,an effort to increase participation and opportunities for MWBEs in City procurement. As one of ten cities participating, Boston will receive technical assistance, resources, and share best practices with cities across the country on improving procurement practices.Mayor Walsh will participate in a ceremonial signing of the Executive Order next Friday during the inaugural meeting of the Supplier Diversity Advisory Council.
On October 30, a coalition of seven Boston organizations joined together to celebrate the re-installation of the statue with recitations, songs, and bagpipes in the spirit of the statues original dedication ceremony held on January 1, 1920. The event was sponsored by the Boston Parks and Recreation Department, City of Boston Office of Arts and Culture, Millennium Partners, Fenway Civic Association, Fenway Alliance, The National Trust for Scotland Foundation USA, Emerald Necklace Conservancy, and Samuels & Associates.Speakers included Harriet Cross (UK Consul General to New England), Karin Goodfellow (City of Boston Arts Commissioner), and Boston Parks Commissioner Ryan Woods. Scottish singer Maureen McMullan performed two Burns poems accompanied by roots music students from Berklee College of Music. Robert Creighton and Scottish author Jeremy W. Bell recited Burns poetry, including, "A Mans a Man and Scots wha Hae."The statue of Robert Burns and his faithful dog, Luath, was created by sculptor Henry Hudson Kitson in 1920 and originally situated in the Back Bay Fens near sculptor Daniel Chester Frenchs monument to Irish poet John Boyle OReilly. The juxtaposition of the two works was deliberate and meant to recognize Scottish and Irish literary tradition in a pastoral setting reminiscent of their work. The sculpture was moved to Winthrop Square in 1975 and after a prolonged community effort was finally returned to its rightful place in the Fens on October 30, 2019.Poet Robert Burns (1759-1796) was a working-class Scot who became a pioneer of Romantic literature. His work includes themes of republicanism, patriotism, class, gender, and poverty. He has inspired American politicians and authors like Abraham Lincoln, John Steinbeck, and JD Salinger. Burns remains an enduring cultural icon for Scots around the world most famously, his "Auld Lang Syne" is sung each New Years Eve.
BOSTON - Wednesday, October 30, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that applications are being accepted by the Citizens Nominating Panel, for two open positions on the Boston School Committee. The individuals selected will serve a four-year term beginning on January 6, 2020. The deadline to submit applications is Tuesday, November 12, 2019 at 11:59 p.m.The Boston School Committee is the governing body of the Boston Public Schools. The School Committee is responsible for:Defining the vision, mission and goals of the Boston Public SchoolsEstablishing and monitoring the annual operating budgetHiring, managing and evaluating the SuperintendentSetting and reviewing district policies and practicesThe seven members of the School Committee are Boston residents appointed by the Mayor to serve four-year staggered terms. The Mayor appoints members from a list of candidates recommended by a 13-member Citizens Nominating Panel composed of parents, teachers, principals and representatives of the business and higher education communities. The Committee also includes a non-voting student member of the Boston Student Advisory Council.The School Committee meets approximately twice per month during the school year to adopt, review and modify policies and practices that support teaching, learning and improved student achievement. With the exception of executive sessions, Committee meetings are open to the public, feature public comment periods and are broadcasted on Boston City TV.You can findapplications for the Boston School Committee online. You can alsolearn more about the Boston School Committee online.All applications should be emailed to:scnominatingpanel@boston.govor mailed or hand-delivered to the School Committee in City Hall. Please note that interviews for selected candidates will be held on November 18, 2019.###
In response to requests from local residents, several streets in the City of Boston will be closed to traffic on Thursday, October 31, 2019 to allow for Halloween related neighborhood events. All users of Bostons streets are strongly advised to plan ahead to detour around these locations, and to proceed with caution and watch for children crossing on all City streets.The following streets will be closed to traffic for Halloween related events on October 31st during the hours noted.Back BayMarlborough Street, Back Bay, from Berkeley Street to Fairfield Street, closed from 5:30 PM to 8:30 PM.Beacon HillPinckney Street, Beacon Hill, from Joy Street to Charles StreetMount Vernon Street, from Joy Street to Charles StreetChestnut Street, from Walnut Street to Charles StreetWest Cedar Street, from Revere Street to Chestnut StreetAnderson Street, from Myrtle Street to Pinckney StreetBranch Street, from Charles Street to Spruce StreetAll closed to traffic from 4 PM to 8:00 PM.CharlestownMonument Square, Charlestown, streets abutting the monumentMonument Avenue, from Monument Square to Warren StreetWinthrop Street, from Monument Square to Common StreetAll closed to traffic from 4 PM to 8 PM.East BostonSaratoga Street, East Boston, from Marion Street to Brooks Street, closed from 5 PM to 8 PM.Jamaica PlainDunster Road, Jamaica Plain, from Centre Street to Dane Street, closed to traffic from 5 PM to 8 PM.RoslindaleMendum Street, Roslindale, from Fairview Street to Walter Street, closed to traffic from 5:30 PM to 7:30 PM.South Street, Roslindale from Lesher Street to Washington Street and Mosgrove Avenue, from South Street to Washington Street, closed to traffic from 5:30 PM to 8 PM.Tyndale Street, Roslindale, from Guernsey Street to Walworth Street, closed to traffic from 6 PM to 8 PMSouth BostonBeckler Avenue, South Boston, from K Street to the end, closed to traffic from 2 PM to 8 PM.South EndPembroke Street, South End, from Warren Avenue to Tremont Street, closed to traffic from 6 PM to 8:30 PMWaltham Street, South End, from Tremont Street to Shawmut Avenue, closed to traffic from 5 PM to8 PM
BOSTON - Wednesday, October 30, 2019 - Building on his commitment to increasing access to healthy foods and supporting small businesses, Mayor Martin J. Walsh this morning joined the owners of We Grow Microgreens, elected officials, and community members to celebrate Hyde Park's newest small business, which will bring healthy greens to grocery stores, restaurants, and farmers markets across the City. The urban farm was made possible thanks to land made available by Boston's Department of Neighborhood Development and Community Preservation funds."I am proud of the City of Boston's commitment to the revitalization of this vacant land, creating a new farm and a new gathering space that all of Hyde Park can enjoy," said Mayor Walsh. "I want to thank the owners of We Grow Microgreens for investing in Readville and their community. The involvement of many partners brought a new business, a new community resource, and a new farm and new life to this empty space."Along with an acre of land, Boston's Department of Neighborhood Development (DND) also provided technical assistance to support the revitalization of the property with the greenhouse, hoop houses, and improved public access. The City included a permanent agricultural restriction on the deed to prevent the possibility of future development as anything other than an urban farm. Through its Grassroots program, DND assists those working in their community to increase local food growing opportunities and neighborhood open space."We are so grateful to forward-thinking Boston for recognizing the importance of growing food within the City limits," said Microgreens owners Lisa Evans and Tim Smith. "A farm is a significant feature for the City of Boston. We will produce the highest quality microgreens and edible flowers in order to help Boston fulfill its mission of supporting urban farming and increasing access to healthy, locally grown produce."Last year, Boston awarded $134,700 in Community Preservation funds to We Grow Microgreens to create a public path to mitigate stormwater runoff and connect neighbors to the site. The Community Preservation Fund is capitalized primarily by a one percent property tax-based surcharge on residential and business property tax bills that began in July 2017 after voters adopted the measure in November 2016. Thelast roundof CPA awards in February 2019 funded $34 million to projects across the city, including affordable housing developments and programs, parks and open space, and historic preservation projects consistent with statewide guidelines."I am pleased the state can partner with the City of Boston and the Walsh Administration to provide community preservation as well as healthy, locally grown food options for our residents," said State Senator Mike Rush (D-Norfolk & Suffolk District). "It is especially important to identify open space in our communities for such programs to occur."The Massachusetts Department of Agriculture Resources (MDAR) Urban Farming Program provided $60,000 for the purchase and installation of a commercial greenhouse."Massachusetts' Urban Agriculture Program supports farming organizations, such as We Grow Microgreens, to strengthen urban neighborhoods by leveraging opportunities through the production, processing, marketing and sale of fresh food at the local level," said MDAR Commissioner John Lebeaux. "We are thrilled to support community partners invested in creating greater access to nutritious, fresh food."Mayor Walsh recently released aFood Access Agendato assess existing food access initiatives and deliver actionable recommendations to fill gaps, including supporting urban farming in the City of Boston. Urban farming gives residents better access to fresh, healthy, and affordable food, while cutting down on transportation costs and carbon emissions. The Agenda will guide the City's work to ensure everyone has equitable access to affordable, fresh, healthy, and culturally-connected foods and end food insecurity in Boston by 2030.As part of his2019 legislative agenda, Mayor Walsh has been advocating for adjusting the surcharge on fees for recording deeds to increase the State CPA match, protecting the Act that more than 170 cities and towns depend on for the creation of affordable housing, open space, and historic preservation. When municipalities voted to enact CPA, they did so with the promise of a substantial state match. This year, the match was just 11 percent with a one-time surplus allotment added, but the CPA bill people voted for is no longer the same bill. The FY20 State budget increases the match, raising an estimated additional $36 million in revenue, putting the state match at around 30 percent and allowing us to invest more in our communities.About the Department of Neighborhood Development (DND)The Department of Neighborhood Development (DND) works with communities to improve Boston's neighborhoods through investing public resources. DND's main jobs are to create housing options, support tenants, foster homeownership, end homelessness, and manage the City's real estate.About the Community Preservation Action (CPA)After Boston voters adopted the CPA in November 2016, the City created a Community Preservation Fund. This fund is capitalized primarily by a one percent property tax-based surcharge on residential and business property tax bills that began in July 2017. The City uses this revenue to fund initiatives consistent with statewide CPA guidelines: affordable housing, historic preservation, and open space and public recreation. The funding of any project requires a recommendation from the Community Preservation Committee and appropriation by the City. For more information, please visit theCommunity Preservation webpage.###
Mayor Martin J. Walsh, in partnership with the Boston Public Library, Urban Word, MassLEAP, and 826 Boston, today announced a call for Boston's first Youth Poet Laureate. The new Boston Youth Poet Laureate initiative will be aligned with the work of the Boston Poet Laureate program, which was established in 2008 to highlight literary arts and promote appreciation for poetry. Youth interested in applying are encouraged to submit theirapplicationby November 25, 2019."Having a Youth Poet Laureate in the City of Boston is a great way for us to better connect with the young people that make up such a large portion of the city and play an impactful role in shaping the future of Boston," said Mayor Walsh. "I'm eager to see how this helps to integrate literary arts and an appreciation for poetry into the lives of younger generations."Similar to the City's Poet Laureate, the Youth Poet Laureate will be an advocate for poetry, language and the arts. The poet will create a unique artistic legacy through public readings and civic events. The mission of the youth laureateship is to raise the status of poetry in the everyday consciousness of Bostonians.The Youth Poet Laureate is a ceremonial appointment. They will present appropriate work at civic events and attend official functions as a literary ambassador. In this position, the Laureate will enhance current Boston Public Schools and Boston Public Library poetry programs through engagement and outreach, act as a resource during National Poetry Month each April, and work alongside the City of Boston Poet Laureate."This is a wonderful opportunity and an excellent example of the all-hands-on-deck approach needed to ensure we are meeting the academic, social, and emotional needs of students," said Dr. Brenda Cassellius, Superintendent of the Boston Public Schools. "Arts education and student expression builds a student's sense of self and confidence. Learning to write is a key skill to succeeding in college, career and life. Poetry builds critical thinking skills and connectedness to our creative mind."To be eligible for Youth Poet Laureate, applicants must be 13-18 years old, and have lived in the City of Boston for at least one year. They must also display a strong commitment to their community, and be enthusiastic about fulfilling the duties that come with the youth laureateship. Applicants must have produced work that demonstrates poetic flexibility, reflects the vibrancy of the City of Boston, and is significant to Boston residents.A distinguished selection committee will review all applications and select a group of finalists, who will then be invited to participate in interviews. The selection committee includes Jill McDonough, Ashley-Rose, Legacy Thornton and Nakia Hill.Individuals can either apply for Youth Poet Laureate themselves, or be nominated by another individual. The Youth Poet Laureate will receive a $500 honorarium each year, and may serve a maximum of two consecutive two-year terms. They will also receive mentoring from the City of Boston Poet Laureate, and will publish a collection of poems while in their role.The City's current Poet Laureate, Porsha Olayiwola, was appointed earlier this year, and isreleasing her first book of poetry,I SHIMMER SOMETIMES, TOO, with Button Poetry in November."I am beyond excited and humbled to be working with other organizers to pilot the youth poet laureateship for the City of Boston," said Porsha Olayiwola, Poet Laureate for the City of Boston. "We are a community seeded in talented artists and writers. There is no grander time to invest in the arts for young people, as they began to shape and scope a life for themselves and our future."Mayor Walshrecently announcedthe Boston Public Library is eliminating overdue fines for youth under the age of 18 who have a Boston Public Library card. Under this new policy change, which becomes effective November 1, 2019, BPL will remove all pending overdue fines and replacement costs for youth library card holders. Youth card holders will not face monetary penalties for returning books late, although they will still be required to return any overdue books in order to check out additional materials. While youth card holders will no longer incur fines for late returns, they will still be responsible for replacement costs if a book is lost or not returned.The deadline to apply is November 25, 2019, at 5 p.m. The application can be foundonline,along with more information about the Poet Laureate program.The Office of Arts and Culture enhances the quality of life, the economy, and the design of the City through the arts. The role of the arts in all aspects of life in Boston is reinforced through equitable access to arts and culture in every community, its public institutions, and public places. Key areas of work include support to the cultural sector through grants and programs, as well as the production and permitting of art in public places.
Please join Boston Centers for Youth & Families, and the City of Bostons Public Facilities Department to continue the discussion about upcoming renovations to the BCYF Curley Community Center in South Boston on Wednesday, November 20, at 6 p.m.This meeting will share space design ideas and big visions based on feedback that was provided by the community at the September meeting and over 200 online and paper surveys that were filled out following the meeting.The Walsh Administration's investment to the center will include a $15 million dollar major renovation of the existing building that supports re-programming the interior space and provides resilient protection from future sea level rise.The meeting will be held at BCYF Curley Community Center, M Street entrance, 1663 Columbia Road, South Boston.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received a complete application to demolish the structures at 1595-1599 Columbus Avenuein Jamaica Plain, 02119We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of these properties, please send toblc@boston.govbefore5 p.m.onNovember 7, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received a complete application to demolish the residence at 320-322 Norfolk Avenue in Dorchester, 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of this property, please send toblc@boston.govbefore5 p.m.onNovember 7, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received a complete application to demolish the residence at 577 Freeport Street in Dorchester, 02130.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of this property, please send toblc@boston.govbefore5 p.m.onNovember 7, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received a complete application to demolish the residence at 160 W 7th Street in South Boston, 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of this property, please send toblc@boston.govbefore5 p.m.onNovember 7, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received a complete application to demolish the residence at 119 Barnes Avenue in East Boston, 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of this property, please send toblc@boston.govbefore5 p.m.onNovember 7, 2019.
BOSTON - Saturday, October 26, 2019 - As part of the Mayor's commitment to building and preserving affordable housing in the City of Boston, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined the Madison Park Development Corporation (MPDC), the Boston Housing Authority (BHA), local elected officials and the Madison-Whittier Coalition to celebrate the grand opening of the Melnea Cass Apartments. The $39 million project creates 76 units of new mixed-income housing at 40 Raynor Circle and 600 Melnea Cass Blvd, and is part of the BHA's Whittier Choice Neighborhood grant program."Today is a great day in Roxbury, as we're celebrating the creation of 76 homes for people with low to moderate incomes," said Mayor Walsh. "The new Melnea Cass Apartments represent what's possible through partnership, when federal, state and city entities, work together withresidents and nonprofits. We will continue our work ahead to build more affordable homes for our residents so that we can create stronger, more stable communities."Of the 76 total units, 33 are deeply affordable units funded with project based vouchers administered by the BHA that will serve as replacement units for former residents of the Whittier Street public housing development, which iscurrently undergoing redevelopment to preserve the long-term affordability at the site.In addition, 20 units are affordable to those earning less than60% of AMI, 19 units are affordable to those earning less than100% of AMI, and the remaining four are market-rate units. The development consists of a 16-unit rental townhouse building and a 60 unit mid-rise apartment building located adjacent to the 546-unit Madison Park Village."When we undertook the Whittier Choice Neighborhood Initiative, we knew that this would be a golden opportunity to not only preserve critical affordable units in Roxbury, but to truly invest in this neighborhood," BHA Acting Administrator Kate Bennett said. "Right now, 33 Whittier families are enjoying brand new affordable units. We're proud to see six years of dedicated planning, investment and work begin to bear fruit today."TheMelnea Cass Apartmentsare located on formerly vacant land, and the smaller townhouse building is on a site previously occupied by a one-story community center that Madison Park Development Corporation owned and operated as a technology center and after school program. The programs were relocated and expanded last year at the new Dewitt Center."In addition to new quality, affordable homes, the project creates a new pedestrian environment and adds landscaping to the edge of Melnea Cass Boulevard," said Jeanne Pinado, MPDC's Chief Executive Officer.This project received overwhelming support from the community, local businesses and nonprofit organizations. Melnea Cass Apartments now provides a new front door to Madison Park Village, adding to the vibrancy of the community."I am so happy to be here today and celebrate my new home," said resident Stephanie Thomas. "I want to thank Mayor Walsh, MPDC, the City of Boston, and everyone involved in making this beautiful day happen!"The buildings meet LEED Silver, Energy Star, and Enterprise Green Community standards. A $725,000 MassWorks grant was used to enhance the landscaping and public access on Raynor Circle and along Melnea Cass Blvd.This new development was made possible in part by a $2.25 million investment from the City of Boston, $3 million from Department of Housing & Community Development, $1.9 million from MassHousing workforce housing program, $725,000 from state EOCD, and $11,150,000 in MassHousing permanent bond debt. The project also received $1 million from the Whittier Choice Neighborhood Grant, which funds projects that will transform Whittier Street and the surrounding community by providing educational and economic opportunities for low income residents and investing in community amenities and infrastructure that will improve the quality of life for residents in the lower Roxbury neighborhood. The federal and state housing tax credits allocated to the project generated $16.8 million from RBC Capital Equity Group in low income tax credit equity.###
BOSTON - Saturday, October 26, 2019 -Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the City of Boston has received $4.3 million in funding from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to further reduce the risk of childhood lead poisoning in Boston. The announcement comes during National Lead Poisoning Prevention Week, which seeks to raise awareness of lead poisoning prevention and reduce childhood exposure to lead."This funding award is a great affirmation of our lead abatement work, and will support our efforts in providing safe and accessible homes to all Bostonians," said Mayor Walsh. "Despite being a city with older housing stock, we continue to make great progress in the reduction of lead in Boston homes. This new funding will help us to make more homes safe and healthy for our families."The $4.3 million awarded to Boston's "Lead Safe" program will address lead hazards in more than 300 housing units, providing safer homes for families with low incomes. Grant funds will be used to work with homeowners and landlords with income-eligible tenants to make homes lead safe by providing fully forgivable loans to complete the work. Some of the funding will also be used for identifying and remediating multiple housing-related health and safety hazards that are not lead-based paint hazards as part of a comprehensive approach.These grants are provided through HUD's Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes to identify and clean up dangerous lead in privately-owned low-income housing. The funding is part of a $319 million competitive HUD funding round which was awarded to 77 city, county and state governments. The new funds will protect families by targeting low-income homes with significant lead and/or other home health and safety hazards.Young children are particularly vulnerable to the toxic effects of lead and can suffer profound and permanent adverse health effects, particularly affecting the development of the brain and nervous system, according to the World Health Organization.Most children with elevated blood lead levels are exposed through the paint in their homes, especially if their homes were built before the use of lead paint was prohibited in 1978. Four in five homes in Boston were built before 1980, meaning that many children may live in homes with lead paint, according to theAmerican Community Survey (ACS). In 2017, less than 2 percent of children under the age of four had elevated blood lead levels.According to the Massachusetts Department of Public Health, the percentage of screened children with elevated blood lead levels in Boston has declined 98 percent since 1992. However, even low levels of lead in blood have been shown to affect IQ, attention, and academic achievement in children. It is imperative that parents of small children have annual checkups scheduled where the children's blood is tested."By providing these grants, HUD makes it clear that providing healthy and safe homes for the community is a priority. A key part of having a healthy home is maintaining your own health," said Matthew Ammon, Director of HUD's Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes. "HUD is committed to protecting families from these hazards and providing healthy and sustainable housing."The City of Boston's home-based lead poisoning prevention efforts are led by the Department of Neighborhood Development and the Boston Public Health Commission, in partnership with the Boston Office of Fair Housing and Equity, Suffolk County Housing Court and a range of medical, community development, code enforcement, and lead paint advocacy partners who share the goal of eliminating childhood lead poisoning in Boston.By receiving this award, Boston will ramp up its efforts to continue to be anational leader in keeping lead out of drinking water supplies. The Boston Water and Sewer Commission (BWSC) has offered ratepayers financial assistance to replace private lead service pipes since 1996, a grant program whose financial assistance incentives were doubled in 2015."NOAH is really fortunate to have such a strong and important partner in our work as DND and the Lead Safe Boston program! So many older buildings have lead in various forms and East Boston has many young and growing families," said Executive Director of NOAH Philip Giffee. "it's critical that the City support the families by providing funds to get rid of the lead hazard. We could not do it from our regular budgets. "In order to further support Boston's efforts in preventing exposure to lead, Mayor Walsh has been advocating for "An Act relative to lead abatement" sponsoredby Representative Angelo Scaccia proposing to increase the tax credit from $1,500 to $3,000 for the containment or abatement of lead paint to further protect children from lead paint contamination. This bill would help homeowners in Boston mitigate the expenses associated with the removal of lead from their homes and further encourage the important work that needs to be done to protect the youngest residents of the City.Residents who are worried about lead paint in their home should visit theBoston Home Centerwebsite and or call (617) 635-HOME.###
Representatives of the Boston Parks and Recreation Department and Friends of the East Boston Greenway celebrated the renaming of the Greenway in honor of the late community activist Mary Ellen Welch.Welch, who passed away at age 77 on March 7 of this year, was a lifelong local resident, beloved second grade school teacher for 47  years at the ODonnell Elementary School, and preeminent community activist and mentor who either founded, led, or served on the board of some of the most influential community groups in East Boston.In addition to countless other neighborhood improvement projects, Mary Ellen Welch played a key role inidentifying an abandoned railroad line as the perfect place for a protected walking and biking path and new parkland connecting neighborhood residents to Boston Harbor and Constitution Beach.As one of the founders of the East Boston Greenway Council and the Friends, Welch, together with her neighbors, worked for decades on mitigation for parkland lost to Logan Airport, leading to the creation and extension of the Greenway through the cooperative efforts of the Boston Parks and Recreation Department and the Boston Natural Areas Network (BNAN).She represented our best values, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Despite Mary Ellen'sinsistence that she was just one part of a grassroots movement, support for the naming of the Mary Ellen Welch Greenway was overwhelming with the proposal ratified by the Boston Parks and Recreation Commission on October 7, 2019.
BOSTON - Friday, October 25, 2019 - The City of Boston Election Department today announced its preparations ahead of the upcoming Municipal Election on Tuesday, November 5, 2019. The election includes Councilor seats for each district, as well as citywide At-Large seats and a nonbinding public opinion advisory question. Polling locations around the City will be open from 7:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. The full list of candidates and this cycle's ballot question can be foundhere.In addition to Council seats, the citywide ballot will include the nonbinding public opinion advisory question: "Do you support the renaming/changing of the name of Dudley Square to Nubian Square?" To get on the ballot, nonbinding public opinion advisory questions are initiated by a citizen petition and approved by the City Council and the Mayor.The deadline to submit an application for anabsentee ballotis November 4, 2019 at 12:00 p.m. and can be done by mail or in person at the Election Department in City Hall.In person absentee voting is available in the Election Department during regular business hours as well as on Saturday, October 26 and Saturday, November 2 from 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. If voting absentee by mail,the completed ballot must be received by 8:00 p.m. on Election Day to be counted.Polling locations for Election Day can be found using theSecretary of the Commonwealth's website. Due to ongoing construction on several municipal buildings, there are four polling location changes this year:WARD/PRECINCTPREVIOUS LOCATIONNEW LOCATIONWard 16, Precinct 8Adams Street Branch Library690 Adams StreetDorchesterAll Saints Parish209 Ashmont StreetDorchesterWard 19, Precincts 10 and 13Roslindale Branch Library4238 Washington StreetRoslindaleRoslindale Community Center6 Cummins HighwayRoslindaleWard 1, Precinct 14Curtis Guild Elementary School5 Ashley StreetEast BostonOrient Heights Community Building38 Vallar RoadEast BostonWard 9, Precinct 4Madison Park ComplexHaynes Community Room735 Shawmut AvenueRoxburyDewitt Center122 Dewitt DriveRoxburyOn Election Day, the languages available at the polls and/or using a translator phone bank are:Spanish, Chinese, Vietnamese, Russian, Cape Verdean and Haitian Creole.Additionally, the Election Department is seeking poll workers for the coming elections. If interested, please applyhere.###
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Parks and Recreation Commissioner Ryan Woods today announced that the Boston Parks and Recreation Department has been awarded a $400,000 Parkland Acquisitions and Renovations for Communities (PARC) grant from the Massachusetts Executive Office of Energy and Environmental Affairs (EEA). The grant will provide additional funding for improvements of Harambee Park located at 930 Blue Hill Avenue in Mattapan and Dorchester."Harambee Park is a well-loved community space for our Dorchester and Mattapan communities," said Mayor Walsh. "This grant will allow the City to invest even more in the park, increasing the accessibility and walkability of this neighborhood space."The grant, which the Parks and Recreation Department applied to receive, will be used to enhance many elements of the 46-acre Harambee Park. This includes construction of new football facilities, an extension of the pedestrian pathway, increased lighting, and improvements to the park entrance."Our Design and Construction staff is dedicated to pursuing federal, state, and local grants to help us maximize the City's capital investment in our parks," said Commissioner Woods. "These additional funds will help fund the third phase of our ongoing renovations at Harambee Park, and create a better park for all residents."The future renovations to Harambee Park is an addition to other recent accomplishments of the Department. In October, Mayor Walsh joined Commissioner Woods to break ground on $5 million improvements to Garvey Playground in Dorchester. Earlier this year, the $1.7 million renovations of Parkman Playground in Jamaica Plain were completed. Additionally, in June 2019, Martin's Park, opened in South Boston along the Smith Family Waterfront. Designs for all of these parks emphasized the City of Boston's goals to achieve climate resiliency and accessibility.Through Parkland Acquisitions and Renovations for Communities (PARC) program, the Executive Office of Energy and Environmental Affairs granted a total of $7,651,548 in funding awarded for park and recreation improvements in 23 communities around Massachusetts. The grants are used to help municipalities develop new parks, renovate existing parks, and acquire 59 acres of land for park and outdoor recreation purposes.TheParks and Recreation Departmentcreates and maintains clean, green, safe, and accessible public parks and open space throughout Boston. The department is responsible for 217 parks, playgrounds and athletic fields, two golf courses, 65 squares, 17 fountains, 75 game courts, 16 historic and three active cemeteries, urban wilds, four High School Athletic Fields, and approximately 125,000 trees, all covering 2,346 acres, 1,000 of which comprise the historic Emerald Necklace. Parks and Recreation is also responsible for more than 35,000 street trees.
BOSTON - Friday, October 25, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the Boston Public Library (BPL) is eliminating overdue fines for youth under the age of 18 who have a Boston Public Library card. The announcement follows a unanimous vote from the BPL Board of Trustees to eliminate overdue fines which in turn will also remove barriers and expand access to the important services and resources offered at the library for all youth in the City of Boston."The accrual of fines puts a barrier between youth and the Library that can prevent future use of its materials, programming, and resources," said Mayor Walsh. "In Boston, we believe that free and open access to the Library is crucial for children's literacy and education. Going 'fine free' is a step to level the playing field and become closer to ensuring that everyone has access to the important resources the Library provides."Under this new policy change, which becomes effective November 1, 2019, BPL will remove all pending overdue fines and replacement costs for youth library card holders. Youth card holders will not face monetary penalties for returning books late, although they will still be required to return any overdue books in order to check out additional materials. While youth card holders will no longer incur fines for late returns, they will still be responsible for replacement costs if a book is lost or not returned.With this move, the Boston Public Library now joins the five percent of public libraries that do not charge late fines for youth materials, according toa recent Library Journal survey. The same survey reported that, on average, only about 14 percent of borrowed materials are returned late. Previously, at the Boston Public Library, the maximum overdue fine a youth card holder could accrue was $2.50 per book."We're proud to be joining the ranks of libraries across the country who are moving towards being fine-free," said BPL President David Leonard. "Too often, fines penalize those least able to afford them and have the unintended effect of turning young people, in particular, away from their libraries. That's just not what 'Free To All' should mean in the 21stcentury. Eliminating youth fines reflects core values of the BPL - to be accessible, to be welcoming, and to ensure we are promoting youth reading, not preventing it."In FY19, the Library collected a total of $24,069 in overdue fines from BPL cardholders under the age of 18, representing less than ten percent of the total youth overdue fine balance for that fiscal year, which was approximately $249,179. That data indicates that about 90 percent of BPL cardholders below the age of 18 are facing fines - and therefore barriers - to continued use of the Library."Libraries are our societies' most trusted public institutions - we are in the business of opening doors, not creating barriers for children and families," said Susan Benton, President & CEO of the Urban Libraries Council, which monitors and reports on libraries going 'fine free' through aninteractive mapon its website. "By joining libraries across North America in eliminating overdue fines for children and teen readers, Boston Public Library is taking a leading stance in ensuring all city youth have equitable opportunities to pursue their dreams."More than 150,000 youth hold BPL library cards, while thousands more benefit from the BPL's freeprograms,Homework Help sessions, annual summer reading challenge, andother outreach programs. In January, the Youth Services department welcomed a new Youth Outreach Librarian, responsible for extending BPL services and programs into the community, especially to underserved and underrepresented populations. The Youth Outreach Librarian works collaboratively with partners including South Cove Community Health Center, the Floating Hospital for Children, and Boston Children's Hospital.The Library has also expanded its outreach partnerships with organizations serving teens. BPL now provides services to not only the Department of Youth Services and the McKinley School, but also to Youth On Fire, a drop-in center for homeless and street-involved youth ages 14-24 Bridge Over Troubled Waters, which provides shelter and services for teens who are experiencing homelessness and Succeed Boston, providers of counseling and intervention for Boston Public Schools students.Since 2016, programming at the Children's Library has more than tripled, while every month, more than 2,800 teens access and use Teen Central. To learn more about the BPL's offerings for kids and teens, please visitbpl.org/kidsandbpl.org/teens.###
Officers Green and OConner acted fast and responded to the six-week-old baby, who was lying lifeless and unresponsive in his mothers arms. Officer OConner massaged and thumped on the babys back, soon getting him to throw up and make noises. When Boston Emergency Medical Service (EMS) arrived on the scene, the baby was breathing and was taken to a local hospital.To see the relief on the parents faces when the EMS said that he was going to be OK was a really good feeling, said Officer Green in an interview with the Boston Globe.Both Officers Green and OConner were honored this week by the Council for their heroism, service and bravery. Councilor Flynn said, We want to commend these two officers for their quick action that saved this baby. We know that the babys parents are grateful to both of these dedicated police officers, and we are also grateful for your service to our community and our City.Councilor Janey said, As a mom I know this is one of the scariest things that you can go through. Thank you for all that you do every single day, but especially for saving the life of this child. We are deeply grateful.Echoing what his colleagues had to say, Councilor Baker acknowledged that the Council was also honoring recipients of the Shattuck Award, an award that honors individuals for their dedicated service to the City of Boston and the Boston community. A lot of times City workers dont get the credit that they deserve. Thank you for being there that day, he said.
Massachusetts foundation budget formula, which determines state education aid to each state district, has been out of date for years, thereby underfunding our districts of essential educational services.The Student Opportunity Act, as amended in the Senate, places the central focus of district improvement plans on the kinds of opportunities provided to students. It also preserves the principle of local School Committee control, and places emphasis on the importance of parent and educator voices in school management.The Senates version also included an amendment to ensure all students, particularly English language learners, differently abled students and low-income students have access to the things they need.During this weeks Council meeting, the Council voted to adopt a resolution urging the State Legislature to approve the Student Opportunity Act in the fall of 2019. The Student Opportunity Act would phase in an updated foundation budget formula, resulting in a projected $1.5 billion increase in state education aid to local cities and towns as of 2027.Councilor Essaibi-George said the bill is currently being debated in the House and will hopefully be finalized soon.
Each recipient exemplifies the integrity, initiative, leadership and commitment to public good that Henry L. Shattuck personified as Chairman of the Research Bureau for 17 years.This years winners joined the Council for a reception and were recognized for their dedication and years of service. Look at these faces. They serve you every single day. Overworked, underpaid they are dedicated to all of us, said Councilor Campbell.Each year the Shattuck Awards Committee receives many worthy nominations from department heads, peers and business leaders,highlighting the candidates that go above and beyond their job descriptions to serve our City.
First up is The Robert Burns Statue, formerly located in Downtown Bostons Winthrop Square. Henry Hudson Kitson's 100-year-old sculpture of Scottish poet Robert Burns and his dog, Luath, was originally located in the Back Bay Fens until it was moved to the Financial District in 1975. It was removed this past summer for conservation, and is being returned to its original location near the Johnson Gates entrance of the Fens as part of MP Bostons renovation of the area. There will be a public dedication ceremony happening on October 30 from 2-4 p.m. at the intersection of Agassiz Rd. and the Fenway. The celebration will include music, recitations, speakers, and refreshments. All are welcomed to join, and a map of the location can be found here. The event is made possible by the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, Parks and Recreation, the FCA, MP Boston, the National Trust for Scotland, Samuel's and Associates, the Fenway Alliance, the Emerald Necklace Conservancy, and the Fenway Cultural District.You might also be familiar with Quest Eternal by Don De Lue, which was located outside of the Prudential Center from 1967 until 2014. The 27-foot-tall sculpture has since been donated to the City of Boston by Boston Properties, LLC. The Boston Art Commission worked with the Citys Parks Department and the Allston community to find a new home for the sculpture at the new Smith Field. The City is hosting a ribbon cutting at the new location on Saturday, November 2, from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m., and all are welcome.And finally, two Fu Dog sculptures are returning to Chinatown! The granite pedestals currently located at the Chinatown Gates will be removed and replaced with benches, to serve as the bases for two Fu Dogs sculptures that will be returning to the Phillips Square Plaza at Harrison Ave and Essex Street. The sculptural elements and Fu Dogs will join the Phillips Square Plaza at the end of this month, with a dedication in early November.If you have any questions about these relocations and resitings, feel free to reach out to the City of Bostons Art Collections Manager, Patricia Gilrein, at patricia.gilrein@boston.gov. You canlearn more about the Citys public art collection online.
The City of Boston initially adopted the exemption in Fiscal Year 2012, and by law, this local option must be extended by a vote of the City Council every two years. The City of Boston will offer a property tax exemption of up to 100 percentfor active members of the National Guard and reservists.
Dia de Muertos is celebrated in traditional Mexican homes where departed family members are remembered by altars lovingly decorated with photographs, papel picado paper decorations, offerings of fruit, favorite food and drink, and candles.Guests are invited to send photos of their loved ones to be displayed on the altar in Copley Square and join in the Copley Square events on November 1 and 2 to celebrate Dia de Muertos and those whose memories we keep alive.Photos can be submitted online.The celebration also includes masses of fragrant orange cempaschil marigolds, also called the flor de muertos (flower of the dead) in Mexico and used annually in the Day of the Dead. The marigolds, with their bright orange color and scent, are thought to guide the spirits home. The City of Bostons Dia de Muertos altar in Copley Square will contain 500 pots of marigolds, grown from seed and tended to since August by Boston Parks and Recreation Department horticulturalists.Additional support is provided by Lena Park Fab Lab in crafting papel picado, Morgan Memorial for contributing hundreds of photo frames, and the hundreds of Bostonians (near and far) who have contributed photos and memories to make the City of Bostons ofrenda so special.
BOSTON - Wednesday, October 23, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) today issued a health advisory involving two cases of young children diagnosed with meningococcal disease. All individuals who are known to have been in close contact with these two cases have been identified and received antibiotics as a precautionary measure to reduce the risk of further infection.Meningococcal disease is an infectious disease that is caused by a bacterial infection. Both cases have been associated with day care centers specializing in serving children who have experienced homelessness, however it is not currently known if the two cases are connected. The last date that either case was at one of the day care centers was October 18 and no secondary cases have been identified at this time.The disease is spread from person to person through saliva, requiring close contact with infected individuals. Time from exposure to developing symptoms is between one to 10 days, and usually less than four days. Symptoms develop rapidly and include nausea, vomiting, increased sensitivity to light, and altered mental status or confusion.Meningococcal disease has become less common in recent years, with between 10 to 15 reported cases statewide each year. There are several different forms of meningococcal disease, including infection of the blood and infection of the brain and spinal cord, known as meningitis. Early detection and initiation of antibiotics for suspected meningococcal disease is critically important.There are safe and effective vaccines available to prevent infection from the most common forms of meningococcal disease and residents are encouraged to speak with their health care provider about vaccination options.Any resident with questions about meningococcal disease can call BPHC at (617) 534-5611. Fact sheets are also available atbphc.orginEnglish,Chinese,Haitian Creole,Portuguese,Spanish,Vietnamese.###
Digital citizenship describes the ability to use technology to reach goals and respond to challenges in the most important areas of life. If you are like most people, the list of the most important things in your life would probably include one or more of the following:Each section below includes a brief overview of how technology affects different partsof your life. We also included three ways you can start becoming a digital citizen today, and an interesting technology fact. The inspiration for this post came fromConnect.DC Guide to Digital Citizenship.Access to the Internet helps you communicate with your elected officials and talk about issues impacting your communities.About 30 percentof highly politically engaged social media users say social media helps people get involved with issues that matter to them.Access to the Internet helps make learning a lifelong process for adults and children.More than 80 percentof U.S. adults with smartphones and home broadband service have done some sort of personal learning in the past 12 months.Access to the Internet can help keep you and your family safe in the event of emergencies.The City of Boston offers detailed information and resources about how to prepare for winter in Boston.Access to the Internet can help you improve your skills and find your next job.A majority of U.S. adults (54 percent) have gone online to look for a job and 45 percenthave applied for jobs online.Access to the Internet makes it easier to find and access important government servicesLearn about the ways that the City of Boston can support community members in need of help with housing, food, and other basic needs.About 65 percentof U.S. adults have used the internet to find out something about government services in the past 12 months.Access to the Internet can help you access health insurance, find a healthcare provider, and track important health goals.Looking for health or medical information is the third most popular online activity, after email and researching products before purchase.Access to the Internet can help you find affordable housing in Boston.Ninety-five percentof buyers use the Internet to look for homes, and 51 percent buy homes that they have found using the Internet.Access to the Internet can help you manage your money.Seventy-nine percent of Americans have made an online purchase of some type. Most banks allow you to deposit checks from your smartphone.Access to the Internet can help you and your family get involved in fun activities in your community.You can use your Boston Public Library card to check out museum passes to places like the Boston Childrens Museum, the New England Aquarium, the Museum of Fine Arts, the Dreamland Wax Museum, the Institute of Contemporary Art, and more.Access to the Internet can help you start a new business or grow the one you already have.Twelve percent of U.S. adults have paid for in-store purchases by swiping or scanning their cellphones at the register.Access to the Internet can help you save time and energy, regardless of where youre going or how you get there.A number of apps provide MBTA service, schedule, and trip planning information in multiple languages. TransitApp is available in Spanish, French, German, Italian, and Portuguese.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received a complete application to demolish the residence at 21 Rushmore Street in Brighton, 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of this property, please send toblc@boston.govbefore5 p.m.onNovember 1, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received a complete application to demolish the structure at 30 Preble Street, 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of this property, please send toblc@boston.govbefore5 p.m.onNovember 1, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received a complete application to demolish the residence at 50 Rogers Street in South Boston, 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of this property, please send toblc@boston.govbefore5 p.m.onNovember 1, 2019.
BOSTON - Tuesday, October 22, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Office of New Urban Mechanics, and the Boston Transportation Department in partnership with The National Safety Council, Liberty Mutual Insurance, and Cambridge Mobile Telematics (CMT), today announced the top winners of the 2019 Boston's Safest Driver Competition. The competition, which drew approximately 2,000 participants, scored drivers using five metrics: speed, acceleration, braking, cornering and cell phone distraction.The competition, to encourage safer driving in Boston, kicked off in early May and concluded at the end of July. The initiative is based on a smartphone app that scores drivers on behaviors associated with safer driving. This is one tool the City of Boston is using to achieve Boston's Vision Zero effort to improve traffic safety andeliminate fatal and serious traffic crashes in the City by 2030.Vision Zero is an early action item of Go Boston 2030, the City of Boston'slong-term transportation plan."I'm proud of our winners and their contribution to make our streets safer," said Mayor Walsh. "The City of Boston is committed to ensuring our streets work for everyone, and by investing in programs such as Boston's Safest Driver, we will continue to emphasize the importance of safe streets, and safe driving habits."The top winners of the 2019 Boston's Safest Driver Competition are:Safest City of Boston Driver - Natalio DepinaSafest Boston Metro Driver - Catherine SullivanLeast Distracted Driver - Ivan PetkovSlow and Steady Driver - Jenn BrandelCorporate Challenge Safest Driver - Emily BicalhoSafest Workplace of Drivers (Corporate Challenge) - Tufts Medical CenterMost Non-Driving Trips (Corporate Challenge) - Vertex PharmaceuticalsThousands of people participated in the competition, representing 105 towns and neighborhoods in Metro Boston, with the most number of people participating from Allston. The corporate challenge saw participation from 16 employers. Approximately 130 other high scoring participants have been awarded over $6,500 in cash prizes since the competition began in May."Interest in the contest was contagious," said the Slow and Steady Driver prize winner Jenn Brandel. "Once my family and friends learned about the competition, they started trying to outdo each other and get higher scores. While I'm bracing myself for jokes about being the Slow and Steady winner, I've learned to become a more patient and careful driver.""I've always been a careful driver," said the Metro Boston's Safest Driver prize winner Catherine Sullivan. "But I admit that I used to glance at my cell phone when sitting in traffic or at a long stop light. Competing in Boston's Safest Driver forced me to put my phone away and keep it there. As a former EMT, I've seen firsthand the dangers of driving and texting. It's an honor to be Metro Boston' safest driver by keeping the roads safe and cell phone free!"This year, the City partnered with localTransportation Management Associations (TMAs) including A Better City TMA, MASCO, and Seaport TMA for a corporate challenge, in addition to local businesses such as Zipcar."We are proud to work with the City of Boston to help create a safe, inclusive, and sustainable transportation network," said Tracey Zhen, president of Zipcar. "Car-sharing services like Zipcar reduce the need for personally-owned vehicles on the road, making cities less congested and easier to navigate. Since Zipcar was founded in 2000, the safety of our members and those around them has been an important part of our mission to enable simple and responsible urban living.""Liberty Mutual was proud to partner with the City of Boston to help reduce dangers on our roads through this exciting program," said Nicholas Grant, Vice President, Product Management Global Retail Markets at Liberty Mutual Insurance. "Our research has shown that an astounding two-thirds of American admit to using their phone while driving. Raising awareness about the dangers of distracted driving and providing incentives to be safer can play a key role in helping to change driver behavior to make our roads safer."Participants saw dramatic reductions in risky behaviors, including a 48 percent drop in phone distraction and 38 percent drop in speeding. Previous Safest Driver contests saw similar reductions in risky behaviors. For example, San Antonio, Rhode Island, and Los Angeles saw 35 percent, 33 percent and 41 percent reductions, respectively, in distraction."CMT uses technology and engagement to help drivers improve and develop safer habits behind the wheel," said Ryan McMahon, CMT's vice president of insurance. "For the second time in Boston, we are thrilled to see significant average reductions in phone distraction and speeding from contest participants. These are important steps toward reducing road fatalities and improving road safety."Boston's Safest Driver builds on the Walsh Administration's commitment to ensuring Boston's streets are safe, equitable and reliable for all. The competition also furthers the goals established in GoBoston 2030, the City of Boston's comprehensive transportation plan. Execution of the plan is well underway with action being taken on more than half of the 58 projects and policies identified. These initiatives work to reduce congestion, encourage travel by transit, bike and on foot, and ensure safety and equitable access for all users of Boston's streets.For more information on Go Boston 2030, pleasevisit here.###
Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF,) is currently enrolling youth participants, ages 6-17, for the annual BCYF Citywide Swim League.Every year, over 300 young swimmers participate in the BCYF Swim League. In addition to improving swimming skills, participants make new friends and enjoy visits to other BCYF swimming pools in Boston for meets. The league is a developmental league and serves as an introduction to competitive swimming so experience on a swim team is not necessary. Participants will be tested to make sure they are able to swim one length of the pool. The regular season meets are held once a week beginning in November. The final meet of the season, the Nakieka "Kiki" Taylor Championship Meet, will take place with all teams in March.To sign up to participate, e-mail or call the contact at your local pool listed below. For more information, contact Antonio Rosario, BCYF Aquatics Manager, at Antonio.Rosario@boston.gov or 617-635-4920 ext. 2150. Team enrollment will continue through November or until each team reaches capacity.B.E.S.T. OrcasLocations: Dorchester House, 1353 Dorchester Avenue BCYF Madison Park Community Center, 55 Malcolm X Boulevard, Roxbury BCYF Holland Community Center, 85 Olney Street, Dorchester.Contact: info@swimbest.orgBCYF Blackstone Community Center50 West Brookline Street, South EndContact: Marco.Torres@boston.gov 617-635-5162BCYF Charlestown Community Center255 Medford Street, CharlestownContact: Jesus.Gambaro@boston.gov 617-635-5169BCYF Curtis Hall Community Center20 South Street, Jamaica PlainContact: Ramon.Espinal@boston.gov 617-635-5195BCYF Draper Pool Blue Fins5275 Washington Street, West RoxburyContact: Jason.Morrison@boston.gov or Aristidez.Perez@boston.gov 617-635-5021BCYF Flaherty Pool160 Florence Street, RoslindaleContact: LouisJ.Barnes@boston.gov 617-635-5181BCYF Hennigan Community Center200 Heath Street, Jamaica PlainContact: Martha.Salamanca@boston.gov, Bladimil.Pujols@boston.gov, or Jose.Espinal@boston.gov 617-635-5198BCYF Holland Community Center85 Olney Street, DorchesterContact: Chenault.Terry@boston.gov 617-635-5144BCYF Leahy-Holloran Community Center1 Worrell Street, DorchesterContact: Lisa.Zinck@boston.gov 617-635-5150BCYF Mason Pool159 Norfolk Avenue, RoxburyContact: Andres.Ramirez@boston.gov 617-635-5241BCYF Mattahunt Community Center100 Hebron Street, MattapanContact: Ernest.Hughes@boston.gov or David.Thompson2@boston.gov 617-635-5159BCYF Mildred Avenue Community Center5 Mildred Avenue, MattapanContact: Dorian.Barcus@boston.gov 617-635-1328BCYF Paris Street Pool Great White Sharks112 Paris Street, East BostonContact: Abdelmoula.Lahlali@boston.gov 617-635-1410BCYF Quincy Community Center885 Washington Street, ChinatownContact: Helen.Wong@boston.gov 617-635-5129 x1086
It was a sunny, hot Monday in September that was the first of fall but still felt like summer. As I walked into the Mather Elementary, I saw a sign that proudly distinguished the school as the oldest elementary school in the United States. It felt fitting that today would be the first day that things got shaken up a bit in the cafeteria, with the rollout of My Way Cafe, a new cafeteria model that allows students to choose what they want for lunch.On the menu: nachos. Students had the option to have either corn tortilla chips or brown rice with black beans or ground, seasoned beef. Then, students could pick from salsa, cheese, and jalapenos to top their meal, and then choose any of the vegetables from the salad bar to round out their meal.The change-up made for a bit of chaos and confusion, especially with younger students who could not always make up their minds quickly. But the staff and teachers were patient, and helped move students through the line.Sitting down at tables, students were audibly pleased with their new school lunches. Some students asked, Do we get this every day? They gave me big high fives when I told them that they would be getting fresh food like this every day. Another girl asked, How much does it cost? She gave me a big smile when I told her that school lunch is free for all students.The lunch monitors in particular noticed that students were eating more of their meals than before, and appreciated the variety of vegetables available for students to eat. One boy exclaimed, Wow, we have a real chef in here now! He was eager to know what was on the menu tomorrow.This year, the My WayCafe model is expanding to Boston Public Schools in Dorchester and South Boston. Check out the MyWayCafe website for more information about the rollouts and the monthly menu.This post was written by Leilani Stacy, a FoodCorpsAmeriCorps Service Member at the Blackstone Innovation Elementary School.
BOSTON - Monday, October 21, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined the Elizabeth Stone House, the Massachusetts Housing Investment Corporation (MHIC) and the Women's Institute for Housing and Economic Development for a topping off ceremony of the new headquarters for the Elizabeth Stone House, a nonprofit organization serving survivors of domestic violence. The mixed-use building will have 32 units of affordable rental housing and will provide additional services to more than 2,000 individuals each year through a licensed childcare center and space to expand its services and community programming."Everybody deserves a safe place to live, and a place to call home," said Mayor Walsh. "The Elizabeth Stone House provides a valuable and essential safe space for victims of domestic violence. I want to thank all partners involved for their dedication in bringing this project to life that will allow the Elizabeth House to save even more lives."The project will be a five-story 56,500-square-foot building at the corner of Westminster Avenue and Washington Street in Roxbury, comprised of 32 affordable housing rental units on the three upper floors. The first and ground floors will contain a licensed childcare center, offices for administrative and service work, and several programming rooms. The new Elizabeth Stone House is expected to open in late summer of 2020."This new building is by far the single biggest accomplishment since coming to the Elizabeth Stone House in 1998," said Nancy Owens Hess, the agency's executive director. "Our organization has helped thousands of families over the years but have always been constrained by space. Our new home will allow us to make a much bigger difference in the lives of our families and the surrounding community. We could never have achieved our goal without the encouragement and support of all of our partners in the project."The month of October is National Domestic Violence Awareness month. In 2018, the Boston Police Department reported making 19,000 service calls for domestic violence incidents, nearly half of which were in Boston neighborhoods that will be served by the new Elizabeth Stone House headquarters. Jane Doe Inc. reported that in Massachusetts in 2018, one in three women and one in five men reported having experienced rape, physical violence, or stalking by an intimate partner in their lifetime.The Elizabeth Stone House was established in 1974 as a residential alternative to institutionalization of women with mental illness. Over time, the nonprofit expanded its footprint by opening a domestic violence shelter and a transitional housing facility. Elizabeth Stone House was the first transitional housing center in the U.S. for women affected by domestic violence, mental illness, and substance abuse.The Elizabeth Stone House currently helps adults and children survivors of domestic violence stabilize their personal lives, strengthen their families, take control of their finances, and find a safe place to live. The nonprofit currently serves approximately 500 adults and 350 children annually, providing them with housing, advocacy and access to programs and services."The work that Elizabeth Stone House does is monumental. We are pleased to play a major part in helping the Elizabeth Stone House build this new facility where it can do an even better job at helping people turn their lives around," said Joe Flatley, MHIC president.This new development was made possible in part from a $2.1 million grant from the City of Boston, along with other partners including the Massachusetts Housing and Investment Corporation,TD Bank North, the Massachusetts Department of Housing and Community Development, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts Early Education and Out of School Time Grant, Boston Private, and the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston Affordable Housing Program. Elizabeth Stone House's capital campaign raised $2.7 million.For more information about Elizabeth Stone House, please visitwww.elizabethstonehouse.org.###
BOSTON - Saturday, October 19, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Boston Public Library (BPL) officials and Roslindale community members to highlight the start of construction for renovation of the Roslindale Branch. The $10.2 million renovation will reconfigure and update of the interior of the building, providing a larger community room with updated AV equipment, a quiet reading room, a dedicated teen space with two small study rooms, and an outdoor reading terrace. Construction will begin in the coming weeks and will conclude in 2021."The Roslindale branch library is one of our busiest and most-loved libraries in Boston, and I'm proud we are able to invest in making this community space an even better home to all," said Mayor Walsh. "To the community: this is your library. Our incredible partners have made this work possible, and I look forward to the entire community enjoying this space."The design process, launched in fiscal year 2017, is led by Leers Weinzapfel Associates in partnership with the BPL, the City of Boston's Public Facilities Department, and the community. The design process was informed by a community programming study and a community review process completed in 2013.The project is a complete renovation and transformation of the entire 1960's library into a 21st century library and community space. The new welcoming entry, semi-circular open reading space, redesigned community room, reading room, and conference room, and computer stations, along with an urban reading garden will revitalize this important community resource, will provide community members with an inspiring place to learn and gather."We're grateful to Mayor Walsh for his continued significant investments in the BPL. Each branch renovation we complete strengthens the neighborhood it serves," said BPL President David Leonard. "This continuing transformation of the library system means that the BPL spaces will be better able to serve all of our residents, wherever they are in life, connecting them with resources they may need, whether that's an ESL class, a job skills workshop, or simply a recommendation for their next favorite book, and as always, a community hub that is free to all."The renovation will include new roofing new mechanical, electrical and plumbing systems and a completely reconfigured interior that takes advantage of the historical features of the library's original design, such as the central dome with clerestory lighting. A new central point circulation desk under the dome will provide easier access to library staff for patrons. The semi-circular shaped open reading space will provide greater overall visibility while keeping separate areas for adults, teens, and children.All aspects of the library will be made accessible including the new canopy covered entry, which eliminates outside steps and ramps and provides universal access to the library at grade for all members of the public. Once inside, a gently sloped walkway leads patrons to the library's main spaces. A new elevator will make the existing basement space accessible to library staff and will also include storage spaces for community organizations such as the library's Friends group and the Roslindale Historical Society.A bright, multi-colored entry wall of terracotta baguettes will maintain the library's iconic blue color scheme while representing the diversity of the neighborhood and alluding to the shelved books inside, waiting for eager readers. An intimate reading garden, slightly elevated from the street level, with a wood deck and seating, sheltered by landscaping and fencing, will provide a pleasant outdoor reading area in the midst of the busy center of the Roslindale community.While the Roslindale Branch is closed for renovations, it welcomes patrons to go to the nearby Jamaica Plain Branch, the Hyde Park Branch, and the West Roxbury Branch. In addition, The Friends of the Roslindale Branch also started a "Little Free Libraries" initiative to keep books available in the neighborhood during construction.Mayor Walsh's FY2020 capital budget invests more than $127 million over the next five years to reimagine Boston's branch libraries and critical departments at the Central Library in Copley Square.###
BOSTON - Saturday, October 19, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh, Boston Public Schools (BPS) Superintendent Brenda Cassellius, students, teachers and community members gathered today for a ribbon cutting to celebrate the brand new Eliot K-8 School building at 585 Commercial Street in the North End, a $40 million investment in Boston Public Schools."I am thrilled to celebratethe opening of a new Eliot School building," said Mayor Walsh. "This school is a big part of the North End's history, and will remain the heart and soul of this community for decades to come. Thank you to all our partners who made this possible, I look forward to all our students, teachers, families and the entire BPS community enjoying this beautiful building."Construction for the Upper School renovation project began in 2017. The renovation of this building, along with an earlier renovation project at the Salem Street building, represent a $40 million expenditure. The two projects are key investments for the North End community, and are reflective of the City of Boston and BPS's commitment to provide innovative, modern learning environments to students.The Eliot K-8 School now consists of three facilities, all in the North End. The Lower School, located at 16 Charter Street, serves pre-K, Kindergarten and first-grade students the Intermediate School at 173 Salem Street serves students in grades 2-4 and the recently completed Upper School at 585 Commercial Street serves students in grades 5-8.The new, 42,000-square-foot Commercial Street facility opened in September. Interior and site improvements include a digital art studio, a technology classroom with robotics lab and laser cutter, media center, and 18 new classrooms that promote collaborative learning. The building also features eight brightly colored projecting bays, which create "learning nooks" geared for small group instruction and collaborative learning. Exterior upgrades include a new schoolyard with play structure and a brand new roof. The building also features a multi-purpose space that may be utilized by the community.The renovations of both the Commercial Street and Salem Street campuses were designed by the Boston-based firm Finegold Alexander Architects. Daniel O'Connell's Sons were the contractor for the project. Design and construction of the project was managed by the City of Boston Public Facilities Department."Every student deserves access to a 21st century education and Boston Public Schools is committed to providing all of our youth with safe, joyful and innovative learning environments," said BPS Superintendent Brenda Cassellius. "This is an exciting time for the Eliot School, and demonstrates the immense value and strength of coordinated community engagement and collaboration for the benefit of our children." Numerous building features promote sustainability and resiliency, including a new reflective roof, high-efficiency boilers and new glazing that maximizes natural light. Other mechanical improvements include a new electrical system and fire and alarm protection systems. The cafeteria will also feature the My Way Cafe school meals program, which provides students with fresh, healthy food options."It's incredible that our students are learning about American history and social studies with a view of the Bunker Hill Monument and the U.S.S. Constitution," said Boston School Committee Chairperson Michael Loconto."This beautiful new building will facilitate hands-on, collaborative learning experiences for our students and will undoubtedly serve as a model for future BPS construction projects."The new campus is located on the Harborwalk, providing rear access to the building, and is also a short distance to public parks and all of the historic North End, with nearby MBTA access via North Station. The two other Eliot School campuses are also within walking distance, with students frequently traveling from one building to the others throughout the school day.The Eliot's 730 students are evenly distributed among the three school buildings, with the Upper School currently serving nearly 250 students.The Eliot School has experienced renewal under Principal Traci Walker Griffith's 12 years of leadership, transforming the school into a thriving, deeply connected K-8 school community. Walker Griffith credits her holistic approach-serving children academically, socially, and emotionally-and the help of a committed teaching staff, dedicated student families and an engaged community."The opening of the new Upper School is a true testament to our community's and the City of Boston's belief in public education and commitment to the Eliot School's expansion," said Principal Walker Griffith. "Every day our students, families, and faculty enter a magical, state-of-the-art building where they engage in learning and experiences on their path to being the change agents of the future. As the proud principal of the Eliot School, I am forever grateful for a community deeply rooted in the mission that a great education can transform students' lives."The Eliot School is the oldest continuously-run school in the United States and has been located in the North End for its entire history. The school opened as the North Writing School in 1713 and has educated many famous Bostonians, including Samuel Adams and Paul Revere.The Eliot School investment builds on Mayor Walsh's commitment to improving Boston Public Schools across the city. This summer alone, BPS completed projects at nearly 50 schools, often in conjunction with the City's Public Facilities Department, including construction in 29 schools to expand the My Way Cafe program.In the past six years Mayor Walsh has strengthened the City's relationship with the Massachusetts School Building Authority (MSBA), resulting in an unprecedented amount of collaborative work, leveraging over $100 million in reimbursement for projects like the new Dearborn 6-12 STEM Academy in Roxbury, renovation of Boston Arts Academy in the Fenway, and future projects at the Josiah Quincy Upper School and the Carter School in the South End. In addition, the City has been approved for 27 repair projects at various BPS schools since 2015 to create more energy efficient buildings by replacing roofs, windows and boilers.About Boston Public SchoolsThe Boston Public Schools (BPS), the birthplace of public education in the United States, serves nearly 55,000 pre-kindergarten through grade 12 students in 125 schools. BPS is committed to transforming the lives of all children through exemplary teaching in a world-class system of innovative, welcoming schools. We partner with the community, families, and students to develop in every learner the knowledge, skill, and character to excel in college, career, and life.###
Hundreds of families joined us this year for our sixth annual Pumpkin Float spectacular. Together with the Skating Club of Boston, the Parks Department was able to brighten up the Frog Pond with hundreds of carved pumpkins brought by event attendees and carefully placed in the pond by brave volunteers. Along with music from Magic 106.7, event attendees were able to enjoy arts and crafts projects, a bubble performer, attractions such a "pumpkin bouncy house," a haunted mansion, and even a zombie maze. The Boston Circus Guild kept spectators entertained all night long with trapeze artists, stilt walkers, and aerial performers. Guests were encouraged to dress up in their spookiest Halloween costume and enjoy giveaways from vendors like Xfinity, Capital One, HP Hood LLC, and so much more.
The Census was first administered by federal marshals in 1790, and its been taking place every 10 years ever since. In 1903, the Department of Commerce took over the operation of the Census.The 1790 Census resulted in a nationwide population count of 3.9 million. That number included slaves counted as three-fifths of a whole person. Altogether, this population count was lower than leaders of the era  George Washington and Thomas Jefferson among them  expected. Questions of accuracy would prove to be a recurring theme. As a result, the modern decennial Censuses include procedures to check the accuracy of the count.There have been a total of 22 censuses since the 1790 Census. These were often undertaken with very different counting methods and question wording. Most recently, Census 2010 was mailed to every home in America. Census 2010 reported a national count of 308 million people in one of the most accurate censuses to date. Since its inception, the Federal Census has had a huge impact and influence on American life.Data from the United States Census is at the very heart of American representative democracy. This has been true ever since the Census was ratified as part of the U.S. Constitution in 1788. Population data is used to set up political representation at all levels of government:Census population counts determine how many seats in the House a state receives. Once determined, states draw their own district boundaries using Census data. In 2010, for example, Massachusetts lost a congressional seat (from 10 seats to 9), while Florida gained two (25 to 27).Seats are drawn for state legislative and senatorial districts using Census data.Cities and towns use Census data to draw internal political boundaries, like wards and districts.The richness of Census data allows the federal government to distribute funding for some of the countrys most critical social programs. Funds are directed toward those people with the greatest need. Most Census-guided funding to Massachusetts is allocated through one of the three systems below:Formula grants are allocated to states through formulas that typically target greater funding to areas or populations with greater need. The largest example of this type is Medicaid. This program provides health insurance coverage to low-income families and individuals.Unlike formula grants, project grants fund specific projects for fixed periods of time. These can include anything from scholarship funding to construction grants. The Head Start/Early Head Start programs are examples of this type of grant.Direct payments are made to individuals, private firms or institutions for a particular activity or in support of a particular program. The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), is one such program.Aside from the decennial Census, researchers make use of another Census Bureau product  the American Community Survey  to understand the makeup of America. From 1970 to 2000, the decennial Census included two questionnaires. The first, the short-form Census, was distributed to almost every household in America. The second was the long-form Census. The was distributed to the remaining one in six American residences that did not receive the short-form.More complex and time consuming, the long-form Census gave researchers a more nuanced understanding of the population. It did so by asking more questions of a representative sample of the population. The long-form Census also extrapolated those answers across the United States as a whole. The questions included ones about languages spoken at home, as well as educational and employment situations (among other areas).The 2000 Census was the last decennial Census to feature a long-form questionnaire. In 2005, those questions were moved over to its replacement, the American Community Survey. This survey, which takes place each year, allows fine-grained analysis of all Census-designated geographies. This includes the nation as a whole down to geographies as small as several City blocks.Together, the American Community Survey and decennial Census help us understand a changing America. State and local governments use the Bureaus data to help plan for population growth. Businesses use it to understand their local markets and to consider plans for expansion. In the nonprofit world, Census data are used to find vulnerable populations. Social scientists and pollsters use Census data to design sample methodology to better understand what the American public is thinking.All told, Census data is used in many different ways.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that three Boston non-profit organizations - La Alianza Hispana, Mujeres Unidas Avanzando, and South End Technology Center - will receive $100,000 in grants combined through the City of Boston's Digital Equity Fund. The Digital Equity Fund was first created by the Department of Innovation and Technology in October 2017 as a way to provide support to community-based organizations that help Boston residents digitally participate in today's society, which is increasingly reliant on technology."Providing resources to local organizations will help residents across Boston access high-speed internet and gain new digital skills," said Mayor Walsh. "We are proud that since the creation of the fund, we have tripled its size to serve even more Boston residents. We look forward to these organizations improving residents' lives, and creating more opportunities for all."La Alianza Hispana vows to empower individuals and strengthen the Latino community by leveraging partnerships to provide social, educational, and health services, and technology resources.Mujeres Unidas Avanzado focuses on helping Latinas who have been on the outskirts of society-whether low-income, formerly incarcerated, or living in shelters. They help these individuals become self-sufficient and assume leadership roles within the community.The South End Technology Center facilitates the use of technology in ways that encourage individuals to become innovators and producers, tell their own stories, and learn ways of creating just, and humane communities. The Technology Center helps residents who are at an increased risk of joblessness.The City of Boston is committed to digital access and skill-building for all residents. In fiscal year 2019, the City increased the grantmaking power of the Digital Equity Fund from $35,000 to $100,000. Grant recipients have a common goal: to support Bostonians in developing new digital skills and the ability to navigate online resources. Newly funded programs include creative engagement in technology and engineering, courses that teach low-income, Latino immigrant seniors about the use of the internet and computers, and digital literacy classes with a focus on how to protect yourself and others online."It is never too late to learn the ins and outs of technology and help individuals open their eyes to a new tool," Marisol Amaya-Aluigi, Executive Director of La Alianza Hispana said. "We are honored to receive this grant and so excited to use this money to help constituents in the Boston community."The Digital Equity Fund is over seen by the Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) and the Digital Equity Fund Council, an external group that is responsible for reviewing applications and selecting recipients. Fund Council members are appointed by Mayor Walsh and serve three-year terms. To qualify for a grant, nonprofit organizations must be Boston-based and serve Boston residents.The goal of the Digital Equity Fund is to explore ways to build individual and community capacity to use the internet, digital skills, and digital tools to pursue professional, educational, and civic endeavors engage with the internet safely and securely develop needs-responsive, community-driven digital skills building opportunities, and increase broadband adoption among Bostonians who do not subscribe to this service in the home.During the first year of this grant program, 2018, the Castle Square Tenants Organization (CSTO) was awarded a $35,000 grant to create a technology audiovisual college course and internship program in partnership with the Benjamin Franklin Institute of Technology.Mayor Walsh has been committed to bringing more equity and choice to residents throughout Boston, from launching Boston's first-ever Digital Equity Fund to bringing WiFi hotspots to the Boston Public Library's lending program to Boston's Wicked Free WiFi program to working to protect Net Neutrality rules that ensure a fair and open internet.In addition, in November 2018, Mayor Walsh and Verizon announced a new partnership that will accelerate Boston's plan to be one of the most technologically advanced cities in the nation, giving residents more choice. Building on the partnership formed in 2016, Verizon will expand its local wireless network speed and capacity to its local 4G LTE network, expand Fios internet and cable television to all neighborhoods in Boston, and collaborate with Boston on Smart Communities solutions.The City of Boston's Broadband and Digital Equity efforts improve access to affordable and reliable high speed internet for households and businesses, expand the availability of high speed internet in public places, and facilitate ease of access to up-to-date digital tools.The Department of Innovation and Technology makes sure the networks, computers and systems that support the City are secure and effective. They also manage the City's websites and technologies focused on service delivery.
BOSTON - Thursday, October 17, 2019 -Mayor Martin J. Walsh along with the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement and the Economic Mobility Lab todayannounced the launch of the Childcare Entrepreneur Fund pilot program to support home-based family childcare businesses with grant funding, coaching, and technical assistance to support early educators in sharpening their entrepreneurial skills."I am proud to support these entrepreneurs and small business owners who are providing a crucial service in our neighborhoods," said Mayor Walsh. "In addition to elevating the value of care workers, providing families with accessible, affordable childcare options is essential to keeping parents, especially women, in the workforce."Until November 15, businesses will be able toapplyfor three types of grants ranging from $2,000 to $10,000: start-up grants to accelerate the process for early educators starting new family childcare businesses flexible grants for existing childcare entrepreneurs and co-op grants for groups of childcare entrepreneurs to explore shared services and cooperative models."The Childcare Entrepreneur Fund Pilot is an important investment in giving childcare and early education providers the skills they need to create successful, sustainable businesses," said Kristin McSwain, executive director of the Boston Opportunity Agenda. "Reliable, affordable childcare is a necessity for working Boston families - and this program can help ensure that working families have the care they need to be able to stay in the city."The pilot was created after years of research, including one-on-one conversations and home visits with early educators and stakeholders in the early education sector. According to the results of the City's first annual childcare survey released today,Making Childcare Work, 86 percent of the respondents listed "not affordable" as a top childcare challenge. Additionally, 45 percent said childcare was either "too far or too difficult" to find, and almost a third of parents/guardians who stay home to care for their children said they needed to or wanted to work."I am thrilled to see the City of Boston recognizing the value of our work as education professionals," said Ms. Johany Bobadilla, owner of My First Steps Family Childcare in Roxbury. "We transform our own homes to provide loving learning environments for Boston's babies and young children and when we have the support of the community around us, we become better caregivers."The City of Boston has lost more than half of its home-based family childcare businesses since 2010, totaling an estimated 400 closings according to data provided by the Massachusetts Department of Early Education Care. At the same time, the population of children under five has increased steadily. Early educators in Boston are almost exclusively women and majority people of color. Jobs in care work, while essential to our society and economy, are often low-paying with little to no benefits and insufficient opportunity for upward economic mobility.The combination of care work being low-wage and the closing of many childcare businesses has likely contributed to the high cost of childcare in the state, one of the highest in the nation."We are honored to host the launch of Mayor Walsh's Childcare Entrepreneur Fund Pilot, which will support early-childhood education programs like IBA Preschool with critical financing," said Dr. Vanessa Caldern-Rosado, CEO of Inquilinos Boricuas en Accin (IBA), where the launch event was held. "Early-childhood education programs are vital to helping children develop essential skills that allow them to interpret their world, expand their language and literacy abilities, and form thoughts and express emotions in new ways. We are grateful that the Pilot will make this crucial kind of learning more accessible throughout Boston."The deadline toapplyfor the Childcare Entrepreneur Fund is November 15 and preference will be given to minority- and women-owned businesses and businesses in Boston Housing Authority (BHA) units, with a commitment to serving BHA Public Housing and families using childcare vouchers. The City will host a series of informational workshops to help interested applicants with the application process. To learn more about the program, including information session workshop dates and times, visitboston.gov/childcare-fund.About the Mayor's Office of Women's AdvancementThe Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement creates specific programming and opportunities that support three priority areas: economic equity, safety, and empowerment and representation. Some of the office's most recent work includes: research on paid parental leave and childcare affordability a multi-pronged approach to closing the gender pay gaps reducing the demand for commercial sexual exploitation and creating specific programming for women entrepreneurs. Learn more on theirwebsite.About the Economic Mobility LabThe Economic Mobility Lab is a team of social entrepreneurs centrally located in the Mayor's Office of Policy. It emerged from the Resilience Strategy, centering its work on racial, gender and economic equity. The Lab researches and test promising ideas that have the potential to dramatically increase upward economic mobility. One of its focus areas, in partnership with the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement, is childcare. Learn more on theirwebsite.###
BOSTON - Wednesday, October 16, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Boston Police Commissioner William Gross, Boston police officers and community members to celebrate the groundbreaking of the new East Boston Police Station on East Eagle Street. The start of construction on the District A-7 precinct marks a $29.9 million investment in East Boston's community and safety by creating a building to improve the Boston Police Department's operations in the neighborhood, and create a community space. This new police station will be the first complete new station in a decade."In Boston, we put our community first, and this new police station is an investment in East Boston, and in public safety," said Mayor Walsh. "This station is our commitment to the next generation. We're dedicated to community policing, and that means interacting with residents, families and youth in a positive way. For our young people, this station is a place where they can learn about a career in law enforcement, join a youth group, or get mentoring. We will continue to invest in our values of trust and community, and create public spaces that help all residents."As Boston leads in community policing, the city's crime rate is down 25 percent in the last five years. In A-7, major crime is down by 15 percent this year."Our officers work hard every day to serve the residents of Boston, creating relationships and ensuring public safety," said Boston Police Commissioner Gross. "I'm proud that my department has won the trust and respect of our residents, and this new building will allow our police officers to do their jobs more effectively, and continue their incredible work and relationships with the East Boston community."The design and location of the building creates a more efficient 27,000 square foot, three story station, and will be LEED Silver Certified, as part of Mayor Walsh's Climate Action Plan goals. The new building will include a lobby, front desk and gathering space for the community that holds up to 49 people, a community service office, new fencing, a parking area, pedestrian paths, landscaping, and new site utilities.The station will also contribute to Mayor Walsh's "Percent for Art" program by permanently housing a piece of public art. The "Percent for Art" program is the City of Boston's five-year commitment to granting $13.4 million to public art pieces over the timeframe. It is a part of the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates, founded in 2016.The allocation of funds for the new police station comes from Mayor Walsh's Capital Plan for fiscal years 2020 to 2024 supported by the Capital Budget. This is one of several BPD projects that will be funded by the Capital Budget. Public safety and education make up 60 percent of spending in the Capital Plan.The Boston Police Department and the City of Boston's Public Facilities Department partnered with Leers Weinzapfel Architects and J&J Contractors Inc. to design an efficient and effective, community-oriented police station.The A-7 police station builds on Mayor Walsh's commitment to investing in community spaces and services for residents in East Boston, and across the city. In East Boston, Mayor Walsh has dedicated $2.4 million for renovation at Engine 5 for the Boston Fire Department $8.9 million for the Paris Street swimming pool $4.8 million for Noyes Park $1 million for a new senior center at Orient Heights $3 million for McArdle Bridge new lights at Memorial Stadium and resilience upgrades at key points along the waterfront.###
More than 80 people attended to share their thoughts on what should be prioritized and considered as our team begins to design potential coastal resilience solutions for Dorchester.Here are our key takeaways from what we heard at the Dorchester coastal resilience open house:Below you will find more details about the feedback we received at the event. If you couldnt attend but want to share your thoughts, we have this digital survey that you can complete and share with your family and friends.Who else from the Dorchester community attended the event?How does climate change impact you and your life now?What you are most concerned about in terms of future flooding? What can you do to prepare?As we weigh the pros and cons of different design solutions what do you want us to prioritize?What assets in the floodplain are you most concerned with us prioritizing?How do you get to the waterfront?How do you feel about the waterfront? What feels safe there? What doesnt?As we design coastal flooding solutions, how would you like to be able to use the waterfront? How do you use it now?Thanks to everyone who participated the event! Please share your feedback using our online survey.
Join us for thrills and fun this Halloween!Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) community centers are hosting a variety of Halloween activities. Check back for updates. The schedule below will be updated as activities are confirmed. Please contact the center listed for more information.BCYF Blackstone Community Center will be hosting a Free Family MovieNight from6-8:45 p.m. withtricks and treats!BCYF Condon CC will be taking part in the annual neighborhood Trick or Treat on Broadway from 4-6 p.m. and will be providing candy tote bags and Halloween goodies for all ages. Please stop by for your free bag and some treats as you begin your Halloween in South Boston.Kids of all ages are invited to visit the Haunted House at the M Street entrance  if you dare!6-8 p.m.Trunk or Treat interactive Halloween games in the parking lot of the center. 4-7 p.m.Halloween-themed Skate Night at Chez Vous from 4-7 p.m. for youth of all ages (ages 12 and under must come with a parent or guardian). This free event is run in partnership with the Boston Police Department and is generously sponsored by the Lingzi Lu Foundation, Boston Police Athletic League, and the Shannon Grant. Also check out the Haunted Cells next door at Boston Police Department Area B3. RSVP, info: Erika.Butler@boston.govHalloween Science Party: an unforgettable experience for children ages 6-12 to participate in spooky experiments that fizz, pop, scream, smoke, bubble, and erupt! Pizza and snacks included. $10 per person, 4 - 6 p.m. Space is limited. Participants must pre-register by October 25. To register call 617-635-5150 or email lisa.zinck@boston.gov.14th Annual North End Neighborhood Halloween Party, Thursday, October 31, from 3 - 6:30 p.m. at BCYF Nazzaro. BCYF Nazzaro, the City of Boston and Mayor Walsh, and the North End Music andPerforming Arts Center (NEMPAC) are partnering together again this year for the ROC (Recovery Outreach Community) Teen Saturday Halloween Party in the North End! This annual event will include games, crafts, pumpkin painting, pizza, music and more! This years community party is sponsored by State Representative Aaron Michlewitz, State Senator Joe Boncore, City Councilor Lydia Edwards, DePasquale Ventures, North End Against Drugs, and Regina Pizza.BCYF Paris Street Community Center is hosting their annual Halloween Party on Thursday, October 24 from 5-7 p.m. Music, games, arts and crafts, food, and more. All are welcome!Halloween Party for youth ages 12 and under. DJ, games, give-a-ways, prizes for best costumes and raffles. 5:30 - 7:30 p.m. Free.BCYF Shelburne Community Centerwill be hosting a Halloween party and trick or treating for members from 4 - 6 p.m. Not a member? Now is a good time to learn more about the center and join!BCYF Tobin Community Center will host Halloween festivities from 4-8 p.m. for all ages including Haunted Halls, pony rides, costume contest, cupcake decorating, and a scavenger hunt.BCYF Tynan Community Center is hosting a Family Fall Fest for all ages. 5-7 p.m. Prizes, food, pumpkin carving contest, face painting, costume contest, music, and more.BCYF Vine Street Community Center will host Halloween parties for children ages 5 to 12and teens 13 to 17 from3-8 p.m. withgames, food, and fun activities.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received a complete application to demolish the structures at 128-134 Gove Street in East Boston, 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of this property, please send toblc@boston.govbefore5 p.m.onOctober 25, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received a complete application to demolish the residence at 191Geneva Avenuein Dorchester, 02121.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of this property, please send toblc@boston.govbefore5 p.m.onOctober 25, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received a complete application to demolish the structureat 115 Gove Streetin East Boston, 02128We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of this property, please send toblc@boston.govbefore5 p.m.onOctober 25, 2019.
Special events taking place from Saturday, October 12, through Monday, October 14, will impact traffic and parking in Boston. People coming into Boston to attend are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Saturday, October 12The Democracy for Hong Kong March will begin at 2:30 PM on Charles Street turn left onto Boylston Street, straight to Essex Street, left onto Washington Street, straight onto Washington Mall, to City Hall Plaza. Brief traffic delays should be expected.The Perham Street Soapbox Derby will require the closure of Perham Street, West Roxbury, from Ivory Street to the end, from 10 AM to 6 PM.Sunday, October 13The Columbus Day Parade will begin at 1 PM on City Hall Plaza and proceed along the following route: Cambridge Street, right onto New Sudbury Street, right onto Congress Street, left onto State Street, left onto Atlantic Avenue, continuing onto Commercial Street, left onto Battery Street, left onto Hanover Street, right onto Cross Street, right onto Endicott Street, right at North Washington Street, right onto Commercial Street. The parade route will be closed to traffic from approximately 10 AM to 3:30 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The BAA Half Marathon will begin at 8 AM. The route will be closed to traffic from approximately at 7:30 AM to 11:00 AM with roads being opened up as the tail of the race proceeds toward the finish line. The route is Playstead Road, right on Jewish War Veterans Memorial Drive, right to the Arborway, onto the Jamaicaway, continue to the Riverway , u turn at Wheelock College, Riverway outbound turn right on onramp after route 9, left on Pond Avenue to the rotary to Chestnut Street, right to Perkins Street, left to Parkman Drive, right to the Arborway, left into Franklin Park, right to Jewish War Veterans Memorial Drive, right to Shattuck Hospital entrance on Circuit Drive, continue for one mile, u turn and come back, right Jewish War Veterans Memorial Drive, left Valley Gate onto Pierpont Road, enter the Franklin Park Zoo, loop inside Zoo, exit onto Pierpont Road, right into White Stadium.Tow Zone No Stopping Saturday & Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Monday, October 14The Boston 10K for Women will begin at 12 Noon on Beacon Street at Charles Street. Runners will turn right onto Massachusetts Avenue, over the Massachusetts Avenue Bridge, into the City of Cambridge, race continues along roadways in Cambridge returning to Boston over the Massachusetts Avenue Bridge, to Massachusetts Avenue, left onto Commonwealth Avenue, right onto Arlington Street, left onto Boylston Street, left onto Charles Street, finishing prior to Beacon Street. Streets along the route will close to traffic at approximately 11:50 AM and reopen as the race progresses.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday and Monday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Monday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh along with theAgeStrong Commission and the Office of Arts and Culture today announced a partnership with Goddard House Community Initiatives and Lifetime Arts that brings free arts programming to older adults in Jamaica Plain, Mattapan and the South End. TheCreativeAgingProgram (CAP) expandscreativearts education for older adults, broadens awareness of teaching artists, and demonstrates the benefits and efficacy of integrating arts into older adult education."With this program, we're looking to increase arts equity and access for our older residents, while giving them opportunities that decrease social isolation," said Mayor Walsh. "There are proven health and social benefits that come from programming like this, and we look forward to tapping into thecreativityand talents of older Bostonians with this pilot."The pilot consists of three arts courses: ceramics, painting, and jewelry making. The City reached out to older adults in Jamaica Plain, Mattapan and the South End - communities with high percentages of seniors from groups that have historically lacked equitable access to these types of art opportunities."I did some painting in my younger years, and now I'm just getting back into it," said Quinton Wilkins, 69, from Jamaica Plain. "I'm learning that there's so many talented artists out there. These classes help me get inspired."Introducing more accessible, free, and culturally-responsive arts learning for Boston's older adults is part of the City of Boston's first cultural plan released in 2016,Boston Creates. Lifetime Arts trained City staff and Teaching Artists to address implicit biases related toaging, and explain how to properly design older adult educational programming. As a result, 24 artists have been added to the City registry of teaching artists, who are trained to work with older adults."Lifetime Arts has been honored to partner with Goddard House Community Initiatives and the City of Boston through this innovative public-private partnership," said Maura O'Malley, co-founder and CEO of Lifetime Arts. "Together we are advancingcreativeagingand collectively catalyzing a new and effective programming approach that enriches the lives of Boston's older adults.""Goddard House is pleased to collaborate with theAgeStrong Commission and the other partners to launch theCreativeAgingProgram, which will provide older adults with new opportunities forcreativeexpression through arts learning workshops offered in Jamaica Plain, Mattapan and the South End," said Candace Cramer, CEO of Goddard House. "Many older adults, even those living in densely populated urban communities, experience social isolation and loneliness. We look forward to fulfilling our collective mission to empower older adults to thrivecreativelywhile also fostering new relationships and strengthening ties to their community."Creativeagingprograms are expanding across the country. This new initiative positions the City to meet older Bostonians' growing, diverse needs by partnering with organizations that are at the forefront of scaleable, sustainable arts programming.Mayor Walsh recently announced the launch of the firstAgeStrong Commission public awareness campaign, aimed at revealing implicit biases aroundagingand dispelling stereotypes about older adults to promote more positive messaging aroundaging. The campaign launch comes after the City'sAgeStrong Commission updated its name and brand earlier this year, and redefined its mission and values reflecting a growing trend and national movement towards more inclusiveaginglanguage and actions.For more information about the program, please visitwww.boston.gov/age-strongor call 617-635-4366.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received a complete application to demolish the structure at 400-408 West Broadway in South Boston, 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of this property, please send toblc@boston.govbefore5 p.m.onOctober 21, 2019.
National Italian Heritage month, formerly known as National Italian-American Heritage month, was first celebrated in October 1989 as a tribute to all Italian-Americans and their culture.As it stands, there are more than 26 million Americans of Italian descent, making it one of the largest ethnic groups in the nation.
During a recent Council meeting, Councilor Campbell held a special presentation to highlight the campaign. The walk is the largest lupus walk program in the world, bringing communities together to raise money for lupus research, increase awareness of the disease and rally public support for those who suffer from its impact.Lupus is a debilitating autoimmune disease that affects 1.5 million Americans and 5 million people worldwide. Though it can strike anyone, it primarily affects women of color at much higher rates than everyone else, and is the leading cause of death among this group, said Councilor Campbell. Lupus symptoms vary widely and can range from mild to life-threatening. There is no known cure for the disease.The Boston City Council proclaimed Saturday, October 19, 2019 to be Walk to End Lupus Now Day in the City of Boston. For more information on the Lupus Foundation of America and this years Walk to End Lupus Now, visitlupus.org.
We all laugh and joke about Boston's weather and how quickly it can change within a matter of minutes. On any given day we can go through three to four seasons within a matter of hours. For instance, you can wake up to fall-like weather where the temperature is low 60s and overcast, then jump to spring where the sun is trying to peak out and the temp is slowing rising to high 60s, almost 70s. As you hit mid-to-late afternoon, we move to summer where the sun is shining brightly and the temp has reached a muggy 75 degrees.Although we joke about Bostons weather, Inspectional Services wants to remind property owners to get ahead of the winter. As fall is steadily creeping upon us, we would like to provide you with a few tips to help you prepare for the winter. The heating season officially begins on September 15 and runs through June 15.  During this time, heating facilities must heat habitable spaces at a minimum temperature of 68 degrees during the day from 7 a.m. to 11 p.m., and 64 degrees in the evening from 11:01 p.m. to 6:59 a.m.Tips to help prepare your home for winter:
Throughout the course of the cleanup, participants connected with one another, discussed our zero waste programs, picked up litter, remove invasive species, and hauled cinder blocks.Many of the volunteers from this event were from the Keep Hyde Park Beautiful, a group that works with Residents, businesses, schools, and government to make Hyde Park a cleaner, greenovate, and more beautiful place to live, work, learn, and play. Their focus is litter prevention, education and cleanup among other zero waste education campaigns.If you werent able to join us this Saturday, dont worry! Our next Urban Wild cleanup will be October 19,from 9 a.m. to noon, in West Roxburys Rivermoor Urban Wild. The Parks and Recreation Department will lead the educational and removal of invasive species portion of the event. They will help volunteers identify and remove the invasive species that are affecting the Rivermoor Urban Wilds.If you would like to be a part of this event, please fill out this form. If you need help getting to and from Rivermoor, please note that in this form and a representative will contact you to coordinate transportation.
COPENHAGEN, DK- Thursday, October 10, 2019 - Today at the2019 C40 World Mayors Summit, Mayor Walsh joinedMike Bloomberg and Mayors from across the country to release theAmerican Cities Climate Challenge Climate Action Playbook, a strategic brief to accelerate and deepen climate action in cities. The Playbook, informed by actions that the City of Boston is already implementing through theAmerican Cities Climate Challenge, provides a roadmap for cities throughout the globe to reduce citywide emissions and create healthier, more resilient communities.If the 100 largest U.S. cities took on the strategies outlined in the Playbook, their total combined emissions would drop by 28.5 percent, meeting their share of the U.S. national target of reducing emissions by 26-28 percent by 2025, the goal set under the Paris Agreement. This work would result in carbon reductions of 224 million metric tons, the equivalent of taking 47.5 million cars off the road for a year, or shutting down 57 coal fired power plants for one year."As a coastal city, Boston is on the frontlines of this global crisis and we understand the urgency to act. It's never been more important for cities to lead on climate and Bloomberg Philanthropies has been and continues to be a critical partner in this work," said Mayor Walsh. "This week, Boston released its updated Climate Action Plan, a roadmap to significantly reduce our emissions, especially in our buildings and across our transportation sector. Boston is proud to join with our partners as we continue to take major steps toward our ultimate goal of carbon neutrality by 2050, and honoring the commitment we made through the Paris Agreement.""Through the Bloomberg American Cities Climate Challenge, 25 major U.S. cities have taken ambitious action to fight climate change, and they're already seeing strong results,"said Michael R. Bloomberg, C40 Board President, UN Secretary-General's Special Envoy for Climate Action, Founder of Bloomberg Philanthropies and Mayor of New York City 2002-2013."Now, our Climate Action Playbook will help spread their successes to other cities across the U.S. and the world, drawing on the proven policies and programs that are reducing emissions, strengthening infrastructure, and improving public health. Cities are vital leaders in the global climate fight - and we're giving them the tools to make a difference."As a part of the American Cities Climate Challenge, the City of Boston is working with world-class experts from leading organizations, including the Natural Resources Defense Council and C40, to meet its ambitious climate goals, ramping up action specifically in the two highest-emitting sectors in cities: transportation and buildings. The nine cities that presented the playbook -- Austin, TX Boston, MA Honolulu, HI Los Angeles, CA Philadelphia, PA Portland, OR San Antonio, TX Seattle, WA and Washington, DC -- are all among the 25 winners in the Climate Challenge.Some of the most effective strategies outlined in the Playbook include: initiatives to set benchmarking and performance policies for building energy use decarbonize buildings improve public transit speed, reliability and user experience expand urban pedestrian and micro mobility access procure renewable energy for municipal demand and promote EV adoption through infrastructure and education.Earlier this week, Mayor Walsh released anupdate to Boston's Climate Action Plan,accelerating action towards carbon neutrality and putting Boston on track to meet the goals laid out in the Paris Climate Agreement. The updates to the plan will significantly cut carbon emissions from Boston's buildings -- the single greatest source of emissions citywide -- and Boston will take immediate action to require new City-owned buildings to lead by example and be zero net carbon. The plan sets Boston's priorities for the next five years on carbon neutrality, with a goal of making Boston carbon neutral by 2050.Citywide carbon emissions are currently down 21 percent -- a 4 percent decrease from the previous year -- and are on track to meet Boston's carbon target for 2020, a 25 percent greenhouse gas reduction. Local municipal operations in fiscal year 2017 were already 41 percent less than 2005 levels, far exceeding Boston's goal set for 2020.Boston continues to be one of the world's leading cities committed to urgently pursuing high-ambition climate action. As a leading city on climate action, Boston is already driving down emissions and preparing for sea level rise, extreme temperatures and storms. At the same time, Boston continues to be ranked the most energy efficient city in the country. The top ranking highlights the success of programs such as Renew Boston Trust, Community Choice Energy, and Boston's long-standing building energy benchmarking program.About the Bloomberg American Cities Climate ChallengeRecognizing that cities account for more than 70 percent of global carbon emissions, the Bloomberg American Cities Climate Challenge was formed with an investment of $70 million to enhance the work already being done by mayors across the U.S. and to support cities in the fight against climate change. The Bloomberg American Cities Climate Challenge aims to go beyond the theoretical and scale up high-impact urban climate solutions that are already proven to succeed - specifically, from the buildings and transportation sectors. World-class partners for the Bloomberg American Cities Climate Challenge will be led by the Natural Resources Defense Council and Delivery Associates. The Bloomberg American Cities Climate Challenge is part of Mike Bloomberg's American Cities Initiative, a suite of more than $200 million in investments to strengthen city halls and advance critical policies.About Bloomberg PhilanthropiesBloomberg Philanthropies invests in 510 cities and 129 countries around the world to ensure better, longer lives for the greatest number of people. The organization focuses on five key areas for creating lasting change: Arts, Education, Environment, Government Innovation, and Public Health. Bloomberg Philanthropies encompasses all of Michael R. Bloomberg's giving, including his foundation and personal philanthropy as well as Bloomberg Associates, a pro bono consultancy that works in cities around the world. In 2018, Bloomberg Philanthropies distributed $767 million. For more information, please visitbloomberg.orgor follow us onFacebook,Instagram,YouTubeandTwitter.About NRDCThe Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC) is an international nonprofit environmental organization with more than 3 million members and online activists. Since 1970, our lawyers, scientists, and other environmental specialists have worked to protect the world's natural resources, public health, and the environment. NRDC has offices in New York City Washington, D.C. Los Angeles San Francisco Chicago Bozeman, Montana and Beijing. Visit us atwww.nrdc.organd follow us on Twitter @NRDC.###
For five years, the City of Boston worked with the families of those lost in the Marathon bombings to commemorate the impact of that day. The Marathon Markers were completed in August 2019.We took our time to mark what took place and what was lost. Were ready to tell the story.Starting with a bump-out of the sidewalk into Boylston Street, the design affirms immediately, that the circumstances of the Bombing changed Boston and its citizens. This bump-out is paved in an intricate pattern with materials that are native to Bostons architecture and its history. Brick and various shades of granite from all over New England are united with bronze. The paving is intricate and requires a great deal of craftsmanship and work. This is to make the space precious and special.In the center circle of the marker is a space for those that lost their lives, the second circle for those that were injured and finally the space for the rest of us, the witnesses. In this design, bronze is used as the material that connects all of the other materials to each other. A unifier, bronze is a noble material but also utilitarian. It represents, in this case, the steadfastness to our shared ideals.There are two marker sites, one at the finish line and one further down Boylston street. The finish line marker site holds one stone and the second site holds two stones, which together represent the three victims of the attack. These stones stand in the center of each marker and twist and meld into each other. These particular stones were gathered from places around Boston that were significant to the victims and their families: Franklin Park, Boston University, and Spectacle Island.The markers recycled materials that once were in use elsewhere in the city. Flanking both sites on the street side are a series of four tall cast glass pillars of light, encased in four bronze spires. The sharp, diamond shape made of black granite that cuts through the circles represents the violence of the act. The cast glass of these lights contrasts the other materials of stone, brick and metal and signifies the fragility of life and ideas.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the newly-selected Mayor's SPARK Boston Council. The diverse, 40-member group will spend the next 12 months working to continue to open up new lines of communication between young adults and leaders in City government."The SPARK Council has worked with my administration to highlight and advocate for their shared values - voter participation and activation, a more equitable and affordable child care system, comprehensive climate change policies, resiliency in our immigrant communities, and much more," said Mayor Walsh. "I am confident the 2019-2020 Council will continue to advocate for their ideas to make Boston better for all."The 2019-2020 SPARK Boston Council members live in 20 different neighborhoods.The group is 60 percent people of color and includes environmental scientists, marketing experts, public servants, youth workers, consultants, urban planners, artists, students, and more. Approximately a fourth of the Council are native Bostonians, while others grew up as far outside of Boston as Ohio, Indiana, California,Texas, and Jamaica. Thirty five percent of Boston residents were between the ages of 20 and 34 as of 2015, according to ananalysis from the Boston Foundation."Boston millennials are diverse, impactful, and committed to making Boston a home they can be proud of," said Amy Mahler, SPARK Boston Director. "With the 2020 Census on the horizon, this year's Council is committed to making sure all of our voices are counted. A major theme of our programming for this cohort will be raising awareness and increasing participation in the Census, as renters, those who live in dormitories, recent immigrants, and those with lower income or educational attainment are historically undercounted."SPARK Boston, housed in the Mayor's Civic Engagement Cabinet, is responsible for advising Mayor Walsh on issues affecting the millennial population and working with City departments and community stakeholders to help solve those issues. The Council holds monthly meetings and puts on programs focusing on connecting millennials with partners. Programs include neighborhood meetups, voter registration pop-ups, salary negotiation workshops, and Chief Chats, an event series which allows citizens to hear directly from Mayor Walsh's cabinet members on a variety of issues."One of the main reasons I moved to Boston was to be closer to the action, in a place full of smart people doing the exciting work of building a dynamic and growing urban community, with the added benefit of more of those people actually being my age," said Intiya Isaza, a new SPARK Council member from Charlestown. "SPARK is a wonderful opportunity to tap into that network and have a seat at the table.""It's an incredible honor to be selected for SPARK Council, one I certainly don't take lightly," said Audrey Seraphin from Allston. "As a lifelong Massachusetts resident, this opportunity to represent my neighborhood and the arts sector could be once-in-a-lifetime. I'm so thankful to both Amy and Mayor Walsh. I'm ready to get to work and advocate for the millennials of Boston!"This year, the SPARK Boston program received 183 applications for the Council, showing a robust interest for involvement and engagement. Projects for this Council cohort have included voter registration pop-ups at local breweries, hosting Boston's Creative Economy Mingle for the Chamber of Commerce's FUNinBOS Festival, the Council's first hackathon in the Future of Childcare Challenge, an event partnership with Suffolk University centered on professional development, and the continuation of the Chief Chat series.For more information, please visit the Spark Boston website.
The storm brought heavy snow and strong winds to the City. During the height of the storm, several buildings, including Kings Chapel, lost their roofs. The most notable damage, however, was the loss of Old North Churchs steeple.The steeple was too damaged to be repaired. Instead, Charles Bullfinch designed a replacement steeple that was completed in 1806.Bullfinchs replacement steeple also fell victim to high winds. In 1954, Hurricane Carol blew the steeple directly into the middle of Hull Street. The current steeple, pictured herein 1975, was designed using elements from the churchs original steeple and the 1806 Bullfinch Steeple.To learn more about the steeple, check out the "A Tale of Three Steeples" blog postfrom the Old North Church.
BOSTON - Tuesday, October 8, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released an update to Boston's Climate Action Plan, accelerating action towards carbon neutrality and putting Boston on track to meet the goals laid out in theParis Climate Agreement, which the Trump Administration withdrew from in 2017. Despite federal inaction, Boston continues to lead on addressing climate change. The updates to Boston's Climate Action Plan will significantly cut carbon emissions from Boston's buildings -- the single greatest source of emissions citywide -- and Boston will take immediate action to require new City-owned buildings to lead by example and be zero net carbon. This updated plan sets Boston's priorities for the next five years on carbon neutrality, with a goal of making Boston carbon neutral by 2050.As Mayor Walsh releases an update to Boston's Climate Action Plan, he will also attend the international C40 Mayors Climate Summit tomorrow in Copenhagen, discussing climate solutions with other leading cities committed to upholding the Paris Climate Agreement. As North American Co-Chair for C40's Steering Committee, Mayor Walsh will participate in a panel to share Boston's global leadership on preparing for rising sea levels and climate change. The panel and Summit events will be live-streamed athttp://bit.ly/c40summit_livestream."Climate change is the defining challenge of our time," said Mayor Walsh. "As a coastal city, Boston is at the frontlines of this global crisis, and we understand the urgency. While national action is at a standstill, cities like Boston are leading with plans, solutions and results. The 2019 update to our Climate Action Plan is our roadmap to carbon neutrality, and together we will ensure all of Boston's residents will benefit from our work to protect against climate change, and create an equitable, resilient city for all."Boston's Climate Action Plan update will take immediate action to continue reducing carbon emissions in Boston, supporting the Walsh Administration's work to combat climate change. Boston's buildings account for approximately 70 percent of citywide emissions and represent the greatest opportunity for reductions. With buildings as the main contributor to Boston's emissions, the updated Climate Action Plan accelerates action to decarbonize the city's largest buildings, while working to improve incentives and programs to help small buildings and to strengthen workforce development programs.In Boston, city-owned buildings account for nearly three-quarters of carbon emissions from local municipal operations. With this in mind, Boston has worked to reduce its buildings' footprints: emissions from local municipal operations in fiscal year 2017 were already 41 percent less than 2005 levels, far exceeding Boston's goal set for 2020. Boston's continued progress towards its goals can be attributed to suchprograms as Renew Boston Trust, which currently implements energy-saving projects and retrofits in existing City-owned buildings. Projects are already underway at 14 municipal buildings across Boston, including libraries, community centers, and police and fire stations.The announcement today also begins a process to develop carbon emissions performance standards to decarbonize large buildings over time. This measure, when implemented, could cut citywide emissions nearly 40 percent by 2050 from business-as-usual projections. Citywide carbon emissions are currently down 21 percent -- a 4 percent decrease from the previous year -- and are on track to meet Boston's carbon target for 2020, a 25 percent greenhouse gas reduction."With the release of today's Climate Action Plan update, Mayor Walsh is continuing to take bold action to combat climate change and to ensure that Boston continues to grow and thrive in the face of unprecedented challenges," said Richard A. Dimino, President & CEO of A Better City. "I applaud the Mayor's commitment to reduce emissions from municipal buildings and look forward to working collaboratively with the City to develop smart strategies to reduce emissions across the buildings and transportation sectors."Additional immediate steps outlined in the plan include the development of new zoning requirements for a zero net carbon new construction in new large projects and guidelines for zero net carbon City-funded affordable housing. The updated plan also includes recommendations to continue advocacy for priority transit programs continues Boston's focus on active transportation infrastructure supports zero-emission vehicle deployments and municipal fleet transition to zero and low-emission vehicles. Finally, the plan includes recommendations to encourage efforts to decarbonize Boston's energy supply, and help communities decarbonize throughout Boston."At the Boston Society of Architects, we know the impact that a well-designed building can have, not only for the climate but also for the health and well-being of the people who work, live, learn, and play within them. Net-zero buildings are something we know how to do--our members are designing them every day. We're excited to work with the City of Boston on the equitable development of better buildings in Boston," said Jean Carroon FAIA, 2019 Boston Society of Architects/AIA president.Under Mayor Walsh's leadership, in 2017 the City strengthened Boston's emissions reduction goal to achieving carbon neutrality in line with the Paris Climate Agreement. The 2019 Climate Action Plan Update sets the stage for Boston's transition to carbon neutrality and isavailable on the City's website. Carbon neutrality means releasing no net carbon emissions on an annual basis. For Boston, this means reducing carbon emissions from Boston's buildings, transportation, waste, and energy supply as much as possible, and supporting activities that remove carbon from the atmosphere to compensate for any remaining emissions."The strategies detailed in the updated Climate Action Plan will be transformative for building a sustainable and resilient city," said City Councilor Matt O'Malley and Chairman of the Council's Environment, Sustainability and Parks Committee. "I am proud to have led the Council's efforts and advocated for a pathway to a carbon-neutral future. It is evident that the greatest contributor to carbon emissions is our buildings. I look forward to working with Mayor Walsh and his administration to promote the construction of zero net carbon buildings in Boston and continue to work to reduce the impacts of climate change.""This new roadmap reflects a steadfast commitment to slashing fossil fuels and making Boston a leader on bold climate action," saidChristina Angelides, NRDC's Director, American Cities Climate Challenge."These are the sort of ambitious efforts that the Bloomberg American Cities Climate Challenge winners are helping spearhead across the country. With this plan, Boston is truly tackling climate change in its own backyard and setting a strong example for others to follow."Boston continues to be one of the world's leading cities committed to urgently pursuing high-ambition climate action. As a leading city on climate action, Boston is already driving down emissions and preparing for sea level rise, extreme temperatures and storms. At the same time, Boston continues to be ranked the most energy efficient city in the country. The top ranking highlights the success of programs such as Renew Boston Trust, Community Choice Energy, and Boston's long-standing building energy benchmarking program.By reducing carbon emissions, Boston can ensure that it's not worsening the impacts of climate change. To prepare for those impacts, Mayor Walsh created a climate-ready vision to enhance Boston's waterfront. Announced during Mayor Walsh's 2018 Chamber of Commerce speech,Resilient Boston Harborshows how a network of accessible open spaces and climate-ready buildings and infrastructure will increase resilience to major flooding events, while also increasing access and open space area along the waterfront. Like all the City's current planning, it prepares the City for 40 inches of sea-level rise. Furthering the Mayor's vision are a series of detailed neighborhood plans for coastal resilience. Coastal resilience plans are complete for parts of East Boston and Charlestown, for South Boston, and are underway for Downtown, the North End, and Dorchester.In addition, earlier this year, Mayor Walsh released theZero Waste Boston plan, which would divert at least 80 percent of the City's waste from landfills and municipal solid waste combustors by 2035. The City has begun implementing strategies, including expanding education and outreach campaigns around recycling in partnership with institutions like the New England Aquarium, and is currently developing curbside composting and textile recycling programs for residents.In his fiscal year 2020 budget, Mayor Walsh nearly tripled the City's investment in Greenovate Boston to expand outreach to Boston residents and support community-level climate action. Since the investment, Greenovate launched a climate action guide for Boston residents to reduce their carbon footprint at home, at work, in school and around town, and starting this month will host a series of trainings and dialogues throughout the community on climate change."As the voice of students across the Boston Public Schools, we have been calling for more ambitious action on climate change. It's great to see a plan that takes our call for action seriously with real, actionable strategies to reduce carbon emissions in our city," said Simon Chernow, Boston Public Schools student and Boston Student Advisory Council member. The Student Advisory Council was active in the Climate Action Plan working group.###
BOSTON - Tuesday, October 8, 2019 - In his annual speech to the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today laid out his Administration's progress over the last five years in key areas including housing, transportation and education, and issued a call to action to the business community to take what opportunities Boston's progress has brought, and leverage the City's economic success into lasting, positive change for all. With Mayor Walsh's leadership, Boston is a city that is leading the way on building affordable housing, investing in tools and training for its workforce, prioritizing climate resilience in planning and development, and leading with values of inclusion and equity.As the Walsh Administration has invested in its residents, Boston's economy has grown, adding 120,000 new jobs, with an unemployment rate under three percent, and new investments being made in Boston's housing stock, schools, parks, and libraries. With this year-over-year growth in mind, Mayor Walsh today challenged Boston's business community to step up as good corporate partners in helping address some of the toughest challenges the city faces, including the need for more affordable housing, safe and reliable public transportation, and high-quality education for all students."Boston is as strong as it's ever been, but if we're going to continue to thrive and meet our greatest challenges, then we've got more work to do. Today I come before you with an appeal to every industry, organization, and individual in a position of leadership in our city: to focus our energies, strengthen our partnerships, and combine our voices to meet our biggest shared challenges," said Mayor Walsh. "To keep our economy working, we must provide what working people need: in housing, in transit, at schools, and in jobs. We have to give every single person a place to live and a path toward their dreams. To do that, we need to be focused not just on the short term and the bottom line, but on the long term and greater good to build a strong middle class, an economy built to last, and a Boston that continues to lead in the 21st century."In his speech, Mayor Walsh celebrated major transformations being made for the first time in a generation, including investing in the Boston Common and Franklin Park building new schools focused specifically on STEM and arts education building Boston's first new firehouse in 30 years spearheading a redesign of City Hall Plaza and earning perfect AAA bond ratings for six consecutive years, the first time that's been achieved in the city's history. Boston's work on racial equity and resilience has also brought attention to the city, and for the first time in nearly 40 years, the City of Boston will host the NAACP National Convention, welcoming members throughout the United States and the world who are the premier advocates for civil rights in their communities.Mayor Walsh also announced that tomorrow he will travel to Copenhagen for the C40 World Mayors Summit discussing climate solutions with other leading cities committed to upholding the Paris Climate Agreement. As North American Co-Chair for C40's Steering Committee, Mayor Walsh will participate in a panel to share Boston's global leadership on preparing for rising sea levels and climate change. Earlier this morning, Mayor Walsh released an update to Boston'sClimate Action Plan, accelerating action towards carbon neutrality and continuing Boston's ambitious goal to be a carbon free city by 2050.In last year's speech to the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce, Mayor Walsh introduced"Resilient Boston Harbor,"a plan that lays out strategies along Boston's 47-mile shoreline that increases access and open space along the waterfront, while better protecting the city during a major flooding event. In just one year, the City opened Martin's Park along Fort Point Channel, started construction on the Langone-Puopolo Park in the North End, and moved forward with the redesign of Moakley Park in South Boston. Along with these upgrades to protect Boston's shoreline, in July of this year, the Administration proposed the city's first capital plan that dedicates 10 percent of all spending to resilience projects."We can't take the opportunity before us for granted, because as far as we've come, big challenges of success, like housing demand and transit capacity, remain," said Mayor Walsh. "These challenges, some national problems like inequality and the hollowing out of middle class, are threats to our economy. We have the opportunity now to address them by building on our success."In his speech, Mayor Walsh focused on three cornerstones he called upon the business community to lead on: housing, transportation and education.Creating more middle-income housing, stopping displacements, and ensuring every sector is playing their partSince Mayor Walsh took office in 2014, the City of Boston has created over 31,000 new homes and has an additional 27,000 units in the pipeline, ahead of pace to meet its goal of 69,000 new homes by 2030. Twenty percent of those new homes are income-restricted units. Boston is currently are number one in the United States for income-restricted, affordable housing.Boston has also:Turned three million square feet of city land into nearly 500 first-time homeownership opportunities and over 1,100 rental unitsIncreased Inclusionary Development and Linkage collectionsModernized community planning and opened up new areas for transit-oriented developmentDedicated nearly $4 million of Community Preservation funding to a new, low-interest mortgage program for first-time home buyers.Boston's strategy is working. Rents have stabilized in some neighborhoods and we're on the way to creating 1,000 new homeowners. However, Boston needs the business community to ensure progress continues, and affordable housing does not remain out of reach for residents.Mayor Walsh has called upon the business community to:Support Governor Baker's Housing Choice bill. It changes local approval from a two-thirds vote to a simple, democratic majority. It's a simple fix, with positive results for Boston's workforceEncourage developers to build middle class housingClamp down on displacement, and take a stand against pushing residents out of their homes and communities."The bottom line is, housing is not a commodity it's a community," said Mayor Walsh. "It's where people build their lives. We have to be able to provide security and stability in our communities, and we have to be able to house our workforce. We also need owners and investors to take a step back and consider the human impacts of their actions. Profits can't come at this kind of cost. It's not a price and it's not a practice that we're going to accept in the City of Boston."Advocating for a 21st century regional transportation plan to meet today's needs and support tomorrow's growthIn addressing one of the most pressing challenges facing Boston and other municipalities, Mayor Walsh reaffirmed his commitment to fighting for a reliable, frequent and affordable public transportation system that meets today's needs and supports tomorrow's growth.Together with input from residents across the city, the City has:Built Boston's first bus lanes in a generation, in Roslindale, Allston, and now the North End and Charlestown. Tens of thousands of people have had their commutes improved by these lanes, and we're working on moreInvested in a new Transit Team that is working with the MBTA right now on improvements in Mattapan, South Boston, and RoxburyInvested $6.5 million in T passes for our youthCalled on the T to protect seniors from fare increases, and provide late-night bus service for third-shift workers, and they are doing those thingsTestified at the MBTA's Fiscal and Management Control Boardfor our plan to increase Fairmount Line service and Commuter Rail frequency across Greater Boston.Under Mayor Walsh's leadership, the City has also put together its long-term transportation plan,Go Boston 2030, which focused on improving access, equity and reliability in transportation for all of Boston's residents."Recently, I sat with a group of business leaders--you understand the urgency," said Mayor Walsh. "We need your voices to communicate what's at stake for your workers, your businesses, and our economy. And we need your expertise to help develop solutions. Just as we've done in the City of Boston, we need to work together, as partners, on a comprehensive plan to address the statewide need for better transportation. And we need to make the hard decisions necessary to fund and implement that plan."Providing support and innovation to our students so every school can make progress and achievement gaps can be closedMayor Walsh believes that a good, strong education is the best investment we can make in Boston's children and their collective future, and is proud that more Boston students than ever before are in high-quality schools. It's also why he has enacted the highest budget for Boston Public Schools every year since taking office, investing in the proven strategies for closing achievement and opportunity gaps. The City of Boston is committed to looking at the whole student and removing barriers to learning wherever we can find them, which means investing in programs like new kitchens to provide healthy food, providing MBTA passes to all Boston students grades 7-12, and offering free hygiene products for girls. In addition, the City has added nurses to every school, and has made available mental health professionals for students, and has support available for students experiencing homelessness.Boston has made historic investments in its students and schools over the last five years, including:Funded a longer school dayCommitted to having a pre-kindergarten seat for every four-year-old in BostonGiving every five-year-old a college savings accountExpanded Summer Learning programs to 14,000 studentsCreated a facilities program from scratch to replace roofs, windows, boilers, and furniture and provide the technology that many students don't have access to at home. Through Boston's investments, we're building new high schools designed for 21st-century education.However, Boston's efforts don't end with students graduating. Mayor Walsh's focus on ensuring students have every opportunity, from cradle to career, means he has called on businesses to join in partnership with the City, to ensure economic prosperity is felt by its students. In his speech, Mayor Walsh challenged companies to hire most residents, looking to companies like Natixis, Vertex and Autodesk that partner with students to improve their chances for success.Mayor Walsh thanked the Speaker, Senate President, education committee chairs and the Boston delegation for the Student Opportunity Act, which has the key principles to meet the needs facing every district and every student."We have to show people from every neighborhood and walk of life that this great city we've built together wasn't built for someone else, it was built for them and everyone," said Mayor Walsh. "I'm asking Boston's employers to draw from the deep well of talent in our neighborhoods. I'm asking you to hire more Bostonians. Our residents are skilled, they are resilient, they are diverse, and they have a lived understanding of culture and community in today's America. You need people like them in your workplace, and you don't have to look far to find them."Please find Mayor Walsh remarks to the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce as prepared for deliveryhere.###
Thank you Miceal [Chamberlain], thank you Jim [Rooney], thank you everyone for coming here this morning. Thank you to the members of the City Council who are here.Before I get into the heart of my remarks today, I want to take a minute to update you on the plan I introduced at the Chamber last year: Resilient Boston Harbor. That plan invests in open spaces on our waterfront, creating better parks and protecting our neighborhoods from flooding. The progress weve made in just one year is incredible.Our shoreline is getting stronger, and its just the start. In July, we passed Bostons first capital plan that dedicates 10% of all spending to resilience projects. Were going to do that every year, as an investment in our people, our communities, and our businesses.We are acting locally and leading globally. Tomorrow I head to Copenhagen, Denmark, for the C40 climate summit. C40 is a network of the worlds largest cities, working together to slow climate change. I serve as North American Co-Chair, with Mayor Eric Garcetti of Los Angeles. Ill bring with me a brand-new update to our Climate Action Plan, which many of you in this room helped us put together. It lays out the steps Boston will take to be carbon free by 2050. This goal is necessary and attainable. Our work so far has reduced Bostons total emissions by 21%. And our leadership has been recognized. This summer we were named the #1 most energy efficient city in the U.S. for the fourth time in a row. Its a credit to both the policies we put in place and the investments that building owners are making in Bostons future.We are leading on issues of local, state, national, and global significanceand our efforts are transforming Boston.We moved Boston into a new era. We opened up city government and welcomed new voices to the table, we set ambitious goals and built new systems and strategies to meet them, and we led with our values of inclusion, equity, and compassion.Our policy innovations are being taken up by cities and states across the countryin Womens Advancement, Immigrant Advancement, Workforce Development, senior supports, disability, veterans services, Racial Equity, Recovery Services, and housing the homeless.We do this work in partnership with residents, with nonprofits, and with the business community. And as a result, our economy is thriving. Unemployment is below 3%, our established industries are growing, and recently we were named the fifth best city in the world for technology startups.Together weve made Boston the safest, the healthiest, the busiest, the most employed and the most productive its ever been, and the benefits of this progress have been felt in every neighborhood of our city.But the question I have today is, what will we do with this opportunity? Its not an opportunity that was given to us its one we earned. But we cant take it for granted, because as far as weve come, big challenges remain. Some are the challenges of success, like housing demand and transit capacity. Some are national problems, like inequality and the hollowing out of the middle class. All of them are threats to our economy and to each of the organizations and businesses represented in this room. We have the opportunity now, by building on our success, to address them.So today Im going to talk about housing, transportation, and education. I could start with data. But I spend most of my time out in the neighborhoods of Boston, and heres what people are saying to me.I talked to a 30-year-old city employee whos 8 years into a good career, just got married, and is thinking about a family. But he looks at the housing market and hes losing hope of ever being able to afford a home.I met a mother in Mattapan who spends 2 hours of her life, every day, taking multiple buses to get to and from a job in the Longwood Medical Area. Shes working hard for her family, but shes forced to rely on a transit system that isnt working for her.I talk to parents who say their familys future depends on which high school their child gets access to. And I hear from young adults who grew up in our city, overcame obstacles, did everything we asked of thembut cant get a foot in the door at a Boston company.These arent marginal examples. They are people at the heart and soul of our economy and our community. They are from all races, in every neighborhood. Theyre working in City Hall and in all of your offices. They are our middle class and those fighting to be in our middle class.Meeting their challenges is my agendaand it must be our agendabecause a city that cant house its workforce is a city where employers lose talent a state that cant move its workforce is a state with an expiration date on its economic leadership and a country losing its middle class is a country thats losing its soul.So today, I want to do something different. Today I come before you with an appeal. Its an appeal to every industry, organization, and individual in a position of leadership in our city: to focus our energies, strengthen our partnerships, and combine our voices to meet these shared challenges.Its a call to action: to show our young workers, our long-time residents and our newest Bostonianspeople from every neighborhood and walk of lifethat this great city weve built wasnt built for someone else, it was built for them and for everyone.Thats what our values demand of us, and its what our future depends on. It will define the kind of government we get, it will define the fate of every business and nonprofit in our city, and it will define our ability to compete on the global stage. The action we take now on housing and transit and schools will define Boston for the next 10 years and the next generation.Lets start with housing. When I took office, Boston faced a housing crisis. So we brought the stakeholders to the table and we created a plan to address it.The net result is we have created over 31,000 new homes in our city, we have an additional 27,000 units in the pipeline, and we are ahead of pace to meet our goal of 69,000 new homes by 2030. 20% of those new homes are subsidized units. We are Number One in the United States for income-restricted, affordable housing. Let me repeat that. We are the Number One city in the United States for income-restricted, affordable housing.Our strategy is working. Rents have stabilized in some neighborhoods and were on the way to creating 1,000 new homeowners.But theres much more work to be done. I talked about the situation facing young professionals in City Hall. I hear the same stories from talented young people in every business I visit. Im 30 and still have roommates. My rent is so high that I cant save for a down payment. I want to stay in Boston, but I cant afford to live here.These are people with good paying jobs. The situation facing the working class and senior citizens, if they cant get subsidized housing, is even tougher. Market rents and home prices are simply beyond their reach, and people are being forced out of our city. Its not fair, its not sustainable, and its not good for our economy.So heres what we need to do. We need to create more middle-income housing. We need to stop the displacements. And we need everyone to play their part.This isnt just a Boston problem. We have a regional housing shortage, decades in the making. So we need more production across our region.Working with the Metro Mayors Coalition, we developed a regional plan. Now, cities and towns need to set their own housing goals and work to meet them, the way Boston has done. But fellow mayors and town managers tell me about good housing proposals with majority support, that are being constantly blocked. So Im asking for your support today, for the Governors Housing Choice bill. It changes local approval from a two-thirds vote to a simple, democratic majority. Its a simple fix, with positive results for your workforce. It needs all of our support.Second, we need developers to build middle-income housing.Weve built luxury apartments, condos, and townhouses. That fills a need and it takes pressure off our older housing stock. Were also building and preserving record amounts of low-income housing. Well continue to protect our most vulnerable families and seniors.But whats missing is the middle. And the people who fall through that gap are the people in our offices and our stores and our restaurants, whose hard work makes our economy tick.I understand that investors want to maximize their profits. But there has to be a balance between profit and impact. Our communities need middle-class housing. Our workforce needs middle-class housing. And we stand ready to partner with anyone who will step forward to help address this need.Lastly, pushing people out of their homes and their communities has to stop. This summer my office got a call from a 77-year-old man. After living in the same home in the Fenway for over 40 years, he got an eviction notice, no cause given. Hes not alone. Were getting these calls all the time: from seniors with nowhere else to turn from single mothers, facing rent increases so aggressive, it might as well be an eviction notice.We created an Office of Housing Stability to tackle this crisis. Its working with people to help them stay in their homes, sometimes the only homes theyve ever known.But we need stronger tools. We need the legislature to pass our bills protecting seniors and guaranteeing right-to-counsel for tenants facing eviction.We also need owners and investors to take a step back and consider the human impacts of their actions. Profits cant come at this kind of cost. Its not a price and its not a practice that were going to accept in the City of Boston.The bottom line is, housing is not a commodity its a community. Its where people build their lives. We have to be able to provide security and stability in our communities, and we have to be able to house our workforce.Thats why employers have an essential role to play in developing solutions, and why were going to continue this conversation with the business community. Im going to work with Jim Rooney to bring members of the Chamber together with my housing team. We are going to identify opportunities to create workforce housing, and I invite everyone to bring your input, your ideas, and your resources to the table.Transportation is a critical part of the solution.A reliable, frequent, and affordable regional rail system would expand housing and job options for commuters. It would reduce traffic congestion. It would cut carbon emissions. It would unlock new levels of productivity in our economy.As you know, Boston does not control the MBTA. Its a state-managed system. But we are the largest payer into that system. And weve done more than ever before to improve public transit in our city. Weve done it by listening to our residents needs and listening to new ideas, by developing a comprehensive plan, and by making hard decisions to raise the revenue to implement it.Were going to keep building these collaborations. But theres a bigger picture we have to address. Our residents, workers, and customers, dont just move inside Bostons borders. Transportation is a regional and statewide system. So the challenge can only be met with a regional, statewide plan, that puts public transit at the center.In Boston we see it, and we experience it, every day. Our worst congestion is at the points where people are trying to get on and off the highways that connect our city to the region. Many of those drivers want and would use better transit options.Our workforce is speaking loud and clear. A survey by the Mass. Biotech Council found that 60% of life science workers would change jobs tomorrow if they could get a better commute. That figure more than doubled in three years.We appreciate the $8 billion investment over 5 years that the state is making in the T. Getting closer to a state of good repair is necessary. But its not enough. A state of good repair means bringing the Red Line I rode yesterday morning back to the quality of the system I rode to school as a teenager in the 1980s. Our population has grown by 100,000 people since then! We need a plan for the 21st century, to meet todays needs and support tomorrows growth.Recently, I sat with a group of business leaders. They told me how some of their employees have given up on public transit how they can no longer start meetings before 10 a.m. and how they had to add staff to make up for transit delays.You understand the urgency. We need your voices to communicate whats at stake for your workers, your businesses, and our economy. And we need your expertise to help develop solutions.Just as weve done in the City of Boston, we need to work together, as partners, on a comprehensive plan to address the statewide need for better transportation. And we need to make the hard decisions necessary to fund and implement that plan.The final challenge I want to address today is education.Our goal is to give every child in Boston access to high-quality schools, from pre-kindergarten through high school and beyond.Thats why weve made historic investments in our schools, growing the BPS budget to nearly $1.2 billion. And we carefully targeted those investments to proven strategies for closing achievement gaps.Were also looking at the whole student and knocking down barriers to learning wherever we find them. That means installing dozens of new kitchens to provide healthy food that many children arent getting at home. Its why were giving free T passes to students in 7th through 12th grade and free hygiene products for girls. And its why were adding nurses at every school, mental health professionals to respond to trauma, and housing supports for students experiencing homelessness.All of these investments, with the hard work of our teachers, school leaders, and students, are paying off. By almost any objective measure, the Boston Public Schools continue to improve. Today, more Boston students than ever before are in high-quality schools. On the most recent MCAS results, two thirds of BPS schools showed improvement. The state determined that our district as a whole is making substantial progress.We still have a long way to go. We need every school to be making progress, because we can never be satisfied as long as achievement gaps remain.But I want everyone in this conversation to understand two very important things about our schools.First, we are graduating an incredible number of bright, talented, diverse, ambitious young people. We are proud of our students.Second, there is much more potential in our schools waiting to be unlockedbut profound challenges stand in the way.Our students need and deserve unique levels of support and innovation. Thats what were working to provide.And thats why we fought so hard for a state education funding bill that would recognize these realities. I want to thank the Speaker, Senate President, education committee chairs, and the Boston delegation for their work on this legislation. It has the key principles we fought for, to meet the needs facing every district and every student. Its important this legislation passes and its commitments get fully funded.But it doesnt end there. Our new Superintendent, Brenda Cassellius, hit the ground running. Shes visiting every single school in the district. Shes working with the School Committee on plans to reform the central office, upgrade curriculum, and better support students in the classroom.What our kids ultimately need is what students in many other districts take for granted: a stable network of supports and opportunities surrounding them at home, at school, all year round. Too many of our students dont have that.But you can help provide it. Weve seen the difference the business community can make.Natixis helped the Winthrop Elementary in Dorchester rise from the bottom to the top of the state accountability system.Vertex built a learning lab that serves students from 15 BPS schools, and provides teachers with high-quality STEM curriculum.The Venture Caf Foundation provides student workshops in technology, design, and entrepreneurship in Roxbury.And Autodesk provides unique professional development experiences for teachers at 13 innovative companies in our city.When a company makes a commitment to our schools, good things happen. Our students are lifted up. Your team grows its sense of purpose. Our city gets more connected and our future gets stronger.So Im asking everyone in the business community to become a more active partner in our schools. You can build that community of support our young people need. You can help close achievement gaps. You can strengthen and guide our future workforce.That brings me to my final request. Im asking Bostons employers to draw from the deep well of talent in our neighborhoods. Im asking you to hire more Bostonians.Our residents are skilled, they are resilient, they are diverse, and they have a lived understanding of culture and community in todays America. You need people like them in your workplace, and you dont have to look far to find them. Let me share a couple of examples.Kaia Walters is a 1st-generation American who went to Boston Public Schools and studied at UMass Boston. She has a passion for community and a knack for building websites.Raymond Ortega grew up in South Boston and graduated from Charlestown High. He recently wrapped up five years in the United States Marine Corps, where he worked on airplane technology.Kaia and Raymond graduated this year from the Resilient Coders boot camp. Its a program we partner with that helps diverse young people elevate their skills, and works with local companies to hire them. Now theyre professional software engineers, making their companies and our city stronger, and they are here with us this morning.My message today is clear. Weve worked together to create an environment in our city where business can thrive and communities can thrive. Boston is as strong as its ever been. But if were going to continue to thriveif were going to meet our greatest challengesand build an even stronger futurethen weve got more work to do.To keep our economy working, we must provide what working people need: in housing, in transit, at schools, and in jobs. We have to give every single person a place to live and a path toward their dreams. To do that, we need to be focused not just on the short term and the bottom line, but on the long term and greater good.Recently the CEOs of nearly 200 of Americas biggest companies published a statement re-defining the purpose of a corporation to include supporting the communities in which we work.Im confident thats how we do business in Boston. Its a big reason for our success. But its time to redouble our efforts. And this is my call to action. I need your partnership now, more than everto confront our challenges in housing, transportation, and educationso that we can build a strong middle class, an economy built to last, and a Boston that continues to lead in the 21st century.Thank you. God Bless you. And I look forward to continuing this conversation. 
BOSTON - Monday, October 7, 2019 - In histestimonybefore the MBTA Fiscal and Management Control Board, Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh today spoke in support of a service enhancement plan for the Fairmount Line and advocated for improved regional rail service across Greater Boston. Fairmount Line improvements are identified as priorities in both the Go Boston 2030 transportation plan, as well as the Imagine Boston 2030 citywide plan."The City of Boston's partnership with the MBTA is one of the most important we have," said Mayor Walsh. "Our residents depend on it our workforce depends on it our economy and our environment depend on it. I will always advocate for the best possible service, to meet the needs of our residents today and tomorrow. We need to take the essential next steps to improve mobility in our city and region, and increasing services levels on the Fairmount Line will be an asset for our residents, city and state."The Fairmount Line provides public transit service to parts of Dorchester, Roxbury, Mattapan, and Hyde Park neighborhoods of Boston that have limited access to subway service. The City's plan calls for eight additional trips each weekday - tailored to better support early morning and late night shift workers as well as students who live and learn along the corridor - as a short term measure, as well as a focus on additional longer term investments to improve frequency. The City is also working with the MBTA to to integrate the Fairmount Line into the subway and bus payment system, allowing passengers boarding at several stations to use their Charlie Cards."One-fifth of Boston's population lives along the nine-mile route of the Fairmount Line, and the residents in this corridor are some of the most transit dependent residents in the city and have some of the longest average commutes improving the frequency of the Fairmount Line increases equity and expands opportunity in Boston," said Chief of Streets Chris Osgood. "The City also strongly encourages enhancing service for the entire regional rail system. Strengthening the region's regional rail system would shift a larger percentage of Boston's workforce to public transit, decreasing congestion, lowering emissions and improving public health."The City of Boston is investing heavily around commuter rail stations in neighborhoods along the Fairmount Line. An economic plan is underway at Newmarket Square an arts and innovation district is being created at Uphams Corner $11 million is being invested to improve Columbia Road adjacent to the Four Corners station a multi-million dollar renovation of Harambee Park is in the works and major roadways around the Blue Hill Avenue stop are being redesigned. Investments in public transit complement these advancements.Advocating for a stronger regional rail system to be established over time, the City expects that this system would address congestion from private vehicles entering and exiting the city limits. Additionally, it would lower emissions, meet climate goals, and improve public health, particularly if the rail system were electrified.To accelerate improvements in public transit, the City of Boston has invested in a dedicated Transit Team within the Boston Transportation Department that is working with the MBTA to improve service, and create innovative solutions. Progress has been made and efforts to further enhance public transit service will continue. Recent collaboration between the City of Boston and the MBTA has resulted in several achievements including:Bus priority lanes that welcome bicyclists have been built on Washington Street in Roslindale, Brighton Avenue in Allston, and North Washington Street, offering quicker commutes for the thousands of people who ride on them each day.MBTA passes have been made available to 7ththrough 12thgrade students in all Boston schools.Seniors have been protected from the MBTA fare increase.Late night bus service has been provided to support third shift workers.###
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received a complete application to demolish the residenceat 3-5S Whitney Streetin Roxbury, 02120.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of this property, please send toblc@boston.govbefore5 p.m.onOctober 17, 2019.
Natural means just that. My hair grows out this way. Proudly kinky. Proudly nappy. Thats my hair, and it has been a journey to actually say that out loud and be proud of that, said Councilor Edwards to her colleagues during this weeks Council meeting.On Wednesday, the Council voted to adopt a resolution supporting Massachusetts bill HD4497, a resolution relative to preventing discrimination against natural hairstyles.Hairstyles such as braids, locs, twists, and other styles serve both practical needs and as cultural manifestations of black and African-descendant communities. Discrimination against natural hairstyles negatively impacts people of color, particularly women and girls, in school, in the workplace, in businesses where they are seeking services and in places of socialization.States such as California and New York have banned discrimination against natural hairstyles. In 2017, the Attorney General of Massachusetts took action against the Mystic Valley Regional Charter School for policies regarding hairstyle and dress code that appeared to offer differential treatment toward students of color, particularly black girls.Councilor Edwards explained the importance of HD4497 in light of the amount of overregulation of natural hair that occurs in school dress and hair codes. These policies disproportionately impact black girls, and as a result prevents them from going to school and has increased the amount of times they have been expelled.Councilor Edwards talked about research that has shown that the majority of the reasons why black girls are disciplined in school is because of dress code violations and hair code violations. She said, It was shocking to me because my hair is natural. The way the regulations are written for the Mystic Valley Regional Charter School would have prevented me as a young girl from going to school there. I had to come forward, not only to support this legislation, but to give you a face to who this law would be impacting. A younger version of me.
There are two separate opportunities  one for an interior artwork and one for an exterior artwork. This international call is open to all artists. The budget for the interior site is $300,000 and the budget for the exterior site is $200,000. If an artist in interested in being considered for both opportunities, they must submit a separate application for each.These projects are funded by the Citys Percent for Art program, which allocates one percent of the Citys capital borrowing for the commission of public art. Over the next five years, $13.4 million has been allocated to this program. This, combined with $80,000 for temporary public art projects in the next year and several new City staff positions, is the most funding the City has ever dedicated to public art.This is an exciting project, because BAA is Bostons only public high school for the visual and performing arts. The school serves a diverse student body, the majority of which comes from low-income families, and its mission is to prepare a community of aspiring artist-scholars-citizens to be successful in their professional careers and to be engaged members of their communities.BAA is currently undergoing a $125 million reconstruction, which will result in a state-of-the-art facility that features dedicated rehearsal and performance spaces, gallery space, studios for music, visual arts, and fashion design, academic classrooms, recreation areas, kitchens, and student commons.The BAA uses four shared values as guiding principles for the teaching and learning environment, which artists/teams might consider when crafting their proposals:The commissioned artist(s) or team(s) must also include a robust educational component in their process. Examples of educational opportunities may include guest lectures, master classes, public art workshops, or engagement activities regarding the context and artistic process for the artworks.The deadline to apply is November 1. The application can be found online. To learn more about other public art projects currently underway in the City, visit the public art website.
BOSTON - Friday, October 4, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayor's Office of Economic Development and the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement today announced the fifth annualWomen Entrepreneurs Boston (WE BOS) Week, a week-long series of free events beginning on Friday, October 4 to support and promote women entrepreneurs throughout the City of Boston. Designed to offer networking opportunities, business coaching, educational workshops, and guidance on funding resources throughout the week industry leaders, business groups, and policy makers have developed events around the theme of "Build, Overcome, and Strengthen" to help build pathways of opportunity for Boston women entrepreneurs and business owners."I've said it before and I'll say it again: when women succeed, we all succeed," said Mayor Walsh. "This week focuses on making sure women entrepreneurs have access to resources the City offers to help launch and grow their businesses, while lifting up the robust support ecosystem Boston has to offer. By convening free networking, coaching, and funding opportunities, we will foster an even stronger movement to support and invest in women-owned businesses and economic equity in Boston. I am extremely proud of the work our team and partners have accomplished to assist more than 5,000 women entrepreneurs in launching and growing their businesses."Hosted in partnership with organizations throughout Boston and across the entrepreneurship ecosystem, WE BOS Week helps women entrepreneurs build their networks and learn new skills to scale and grow their businesses. Over the past years, more than 5,000 women have participated in nearly 100 WE BOS Week events in partnership with dozens of organizations. The 2019 WE BOS Week will feature over 40 free events throughout the City of Boston, including 100 hours of programming with accelerators, investors, and business coaches."Something we really value at Boston Women's Market is building a community between all of our entrepreneurs," said Cara Loffredo, Directing Organizer of Boston Women's Market, a network of women entrepreneurs and artists in the New England area. "Participating in WE BOS Week helps our makers create valuable connections within Boston's strong entrepreneurship ecosystem, learn about funding and scaling opportunities, and share their expertise with the next generation of entrepreneurs.""Boston is one of the top cities in the nation to foster women's entrepreneurship, and we are proud to work together to provide all the resources and guidance women entrepreneurs in Boston need to start and grow their businesses," said Natalia Urtubey, Director of Small Business, Mayor's Office of Economic Development. "During WE BOS Week we not only help entrepreneurs to start or strategically grow their businesses, but we are also able to utilize and highlight existing women-owned Boston businesses to aid them in growing and reaching a broader audience."WE BOS Week events are hosted throughout Boston, from Downtown to Upham's Corner, and include workshops for undergraduate entrepreneurs, pitch competitions, branding best practices, and fundraising. Once again, the City of Boston will host aWE BOS Open House and Resource Fairon Wednesday, October 9 at Boston City Hall to highlight all of the business resources available to women entrepreneurs from City of Boston departments and partners."Boston has an incredible support system for women in business, and this week allows us to strengthen our partnerships and provide resources for women at every stage of their business or careers," said Tania Del Rio, Director of the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement. "Beyond access to key business resources, like funding or technical assistance, the WE BOS program builds a sense of camaraderie among the women who are working to keep our city's economy strong and vibrant."For a complete list of events happening throughout WE BOS Week, visitboston.gov/we-bosor follow@BostonWomen,@EconDevBoston, and#WEBOSWeekon Twitter.About the Mayor's Office of Economic DevelopmentThe Economic Development Cabinet's mission is to make Boston an appealing and accessible place for working families, entrepreneurs, businesses, and investors to innovate, grow, and thrive in a way that fosters inclusion, broadens opportunity, and shares prosperity, thereby enhancing the quality of life for all Bostonians and the experience for all visitors. Learn more on theirwebsite.About the Mayor's Office of Women's AdvancementThe Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement creates specific programming and opportunities that support three priority areas: economic equity, safety, and empowerment and representation. Some of the office's most recent work includes: research on paid parental leave and childcare affordability a multi-pronged approach to closing the gender pay gaps reducing the demand for commercial sexual exploitation and creating specific programming for women entrepreneurs. Learn more on theirwebsite.###
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released astrategic planaimed at addressing the urgent public health crisis in Newmarket Square and surrounding areas, where a high number of individuals who have substance use disorder seek health care and shelter. The plan represents a short-term, action-oriented strategy that will guide the City's work on public health, public safety and quality of life issues that impact individuals who are struggling, and their surrounding communities. The plan includes hiring new staff members designated to work in the area, funding for new programs and initiatives, improved coordination between existing services, and a renewed focus on the services and efforts being employed by city officials to address this national crisis.The strategy is captured in the Melnea Cass/Mass Ave. 2.0 plan, which presents key goals and measurable activities, as well as goals related to coordination and alignment of services. The activities laid out in this plan will be evaluated at six-month intervals to determine the City's progress towards its goals."What we have on our hands is an opioid epidemic of historic proportions that is taking hold of too many lives, and tearing apart families in every city and town in our nation," said Mayor Walsh. "As a society, we will never turn our backs on people who are at the most vulnerable time in their life. Through this plan, we are focusing on the area of Melnea Cass/Mass Ave to make the needed improvements for those who are struggling: those with a substance use disorder, and the residents impacted by this epidemic throughout Boston's neighborhoods. There is not one perfect solution to dealing with this crisis, but we are committed to doing everything we can. Our primary focus will always be on the safety and wellbeing of all people in the City of Boston, and I'm asking for us all to work together hand in hand as a community to confront this national crisis."The plan focuses on four priority areas that have been identified through public outreach:1. Connecting those struggling with substance use disorder (SUD) with resources and a pathway to recovery, including:2. Ensuring public safety for all residents by reducing criminal activity, including:3. Focusing on quality of life issues for our residents and businesses, including:"The Melnea Cass / Mass Ave. 2.0 Plan is a very encouraging step in addressing one of the most complicated issues our city faces," said State Representative Jon Santiago. "By providing a comprehensive approach to the public health and quality of life concerns impacting our neighborhoods, we have an opportunity to not only save more lives, but shed stigma and improve conditions for all those residing in the area. I am grateful to Mayor Walsh and Chief Martinez for their commitment and I look forward to our continued partnership."4.Improving internal and external coordination and communication of services and ongoing assessment of efforts, including:"Our patients have been disproportionately affected by the complex intersection of poverty, trauma, and addiction, and the mounting impact of these issues on our neighborhood cannot be overstated," said Jessie Gaeta, Chief Medical Officer at Boston Health Care for the Homeless Program. "With this evolved plan to enhance and coordinate services, and a strong focus on public health, the City is devoting a great deal of resources aimed at improving the lives of people struggling. We remain devoted partners to the City in this work.""It's clear that the Mayor is prioritizing the Mass and Cass area, with increased coordination between city departments that will allow the city to better respond to residents and business concerns, while still prioritizing public health," said Desmond Murphy, Vice President of the Worcester Square Area Neighborhood Association. "From reading the plan, it's clear that the city has heard our concerns, and is responding swiftly to make the area more livable for everyone."The City of Boston will expand the capacity of its Street Outreach and Mobile Sharps teams after Mayor Walsh advocated for and secured a $750,000 investment from the Massachusetts Executive Office of Health and Human Services. The investment will increase the ability of street outreach workers to connect people with treatment services in Newmarket Square and surrounding neighborhoods, and expand the capacity of the Mobile Sharps Team to collect improperly discarded syringes throughout the City.Mayor Walsh created the Boston's Street Outreach Team in 2016 to connect people in Newmarket Square experiencing homelessness and substance use disorder with services and overdose prevention supplies (including naloxone). The teams canvas the neighborhood to offer guidance to people in need of recovery and homeless services, and to direct residents to shelter and programs like the Engagement Center. Last year alone, the Street Outreach and Engagement Center teams completed almost 2,000 client referrals to programs and shelters.Last year, Mayor Walsh provided additional funding for four new outreach positions, doubling the capacity of the team to eight outreach workers. With the State's investments, the team will now consist of 16 outreach workers, as well as a centralized system for rapid response to address issues in the neighborhood.The Mobile Sharps Team, most recently expanded through the City's FY20 budget with new staff, new technology and additional pickup improvements, is a team of currently two team members that pick up improperly discarded syringes throughout the City. With the State's investment, the Mobile Sharps Team will now have four additional members, further expanding its capacity to six team members. Since its creation in 2015, residents are able to report a loose syringe through the Boston 311 app or phone hotline, dispatching a cleanup crew to the area to properly dispose of the needle.In the first eight months of 2019, the team received over 62,000 pickup requests through Boston 311. In addition to the Mobile Sharps Team, trainings on the safe collection and disposal of syringes are regularly provided to the Parks Department, Boston Public Schools (BPS) custodians, and the Department of Public Works. There are also 14 needle kiosks throughout the City that allow individuals to safely dispose of used syringes.The City has taken a comprehensive approach to tackle the opioid epidemic.The City serves people in all stages of the continuum of care, from providing harm reduction services to ensure people can maintain health in various aspects of their lives, to connecting people with beds at treatment programs, to offering outpatient care and long-term peer support.The City of Boston is planning an innovative and holistic recovery campus on Long Island that will expand essential recovery services for the region, fill gaps in the continuum of care and utilize the natural environment to provide a healing space. The City has contracted with Gensler and Ascension Recovery Services to identify the types of services, resources and treatment options that would be best suited for the island and create a master plan for the recovery campus. The draft design for the Long Island bridge was completedearlier this year.Continuing these efforts, the City of Bostonfiled a complaintin Suffolk Superior Court against 13 opioid manufacturers, four distributors, and one local doctor that have contributed to the local opioid epidemic through misleading marketing and reckless dissemination of opioids that has led to thedeaths of more than 832 Boston residents since 2014. As part of the litigation, the City is seeking to recover both past and future damages and injunctive relief associated with addressing the opioid epidemic in Boston.You can view the Melnea Cass/Mass Ave 2.0 plan, or learn more about Recovery Services in Boston.
Special events taking place on Saturday, October 5, and Sunday, October 6, will require street closures and temporary parking restrictions. People coming into Boston to attend are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Saturday, October 5The Centennial Double Tenth Parade will step off at 10:30 AM from Beach Street at Surface Road and the Chinatown Gate. Traffic delays should be expected as the parade proceeds along the following route.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Night of the Great Pumpkin will require the closing of OldRutherford Avenue, Charlestown, from Austin Street to the Tot Lot, between 9 AM and 7 PM.Sunday, October 6The Roslindale Day Parade formation will begin at 11:30 AM, and Washington Street, from Firth Road to Archdale Street will be closed. The parade will begin at 1 PM and the following route will be closed to traffic with individual streets reopening as the parade progresses. All streets are expected to reopen by 3 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The East Boston Cornhole Classic will require the closing of Webster Street, East Boston, from Orleans Street heading west to the end, between 11 AM and 6 PM.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received a complete application to demolish the firehouse at 1970 Columbus Avenue in Roxbury, 02119.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of this property, please send toblc@boston.govbefore5 p.m.onOctober 10, 2019.
The partnership is part of the Economic Mobility Labs Right Start program, which aims to expand economic opportunity for young children and their families by co-locating city services. Thousands of families come to City Hall each year to pick up birth certificates often for newborns or young children registering for school or athletic programs. The Right Start framework emerged as a way to meet residents where they are and offer additional services near the registry, including library card registration with representatives from the Boston Public Library.To date, BPL has reached hundreds of residents and created over fifty new library card accounts at City Hall. In addition to library card sign-ups, residents can register for BPL programming for children and adults.Caren Rosales and Theresa Furbish, outreach librarians for BPL, cite City Hall as one of the most successful places to reach residents outside of the library itself.Caren has spoken to families who just moved to Boston and are looking for some English learning and citizenship resources, some people who are looking for entertainment with the kids out of school, and some who are excited to learn about free adult education classes.According to Caren, a highlight of the summer was meeting a wedding party of 11 people of all ages, who came into City Hall looking very dapper.Everyone celebrated the new marriage with loud cheers and new library cards.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced October is Cyber Security Awareness Month in the City of Boston. This month is dedicated to raising awareness of Cyber Security, and encouraging residents to ensure their own information is secure.Our Department of Innovation and Technology works to utilize technology in the best and smartest ways possible to make residents lives better, said Mayor Walsh. This October, we encourage residents to make sure theyre taking precautions to ensure they stay safe online, and protect themselves in October and beyond.The City has a vital role in identifying, protecting, and responding to cyber threats that may have an impact on individual or collective security and privacy. The Cyber Security Team, part of Bostons of the Department of Innovation and Technology, has taken extensive measures to maintain security. This year, Mayor Walsh appointed the first Chief Information Security Officer, Greg McCarthy.The Citys Cyber Security Team encourages everyone to practice good cyber hygiene this month  and throughout the year  with these tips and tricks to stay safe on digital devices.Security for a mobile device:Lock your device. Use the password, passcode, swipe, or PIN function  or set up touch identification  so that only you can get access.Keep all your software up-to-date. The operating system and apps you use put out new releases that guard against the latest malware, viruses and other threats. Make sure you always have the most recent versions.Delete things you dont use. Delete all the apps and software that you do not need anymore or no longer use.When using public WiFi:Remember that public Wi-Fi is never secure and cant always be trusted. Use public Wi-Fi with caution. Dont log into anything sensitive (like financial services or email) while using it.Be secure by getting a VPN (virtual private network) login to use when you are out and about. Another secure connection option is using a personal mobile hotspot.Securing a wireless network:Change the name of your network from the manufacturers default to something personal to you. Also, reset the password from the pre-set one to something complex. Remember to use a long and strong password.Look at your networks security settings and switch to WPA2, if thats an option. If not, use WPA. Both of these are more secure than WEP. Also, if there is an option for Remote Management turn that one off.If you can, set up a guest login for your network. Then if someone is visiting your home, you can share only the guest password with them, not your password.Make sure you check periodically for any updates to your routers software, so you have the latest version. You should also consider setting up a firewall.Anti-virus:There are free security scans available from well-known companies. Use them to check out your systems. While there is a cost involved, buying anti-virus software is a good way to protect your computer (or mobile device). You can prevent viruses and other types of cyber attacks.Make sure you set up all your security software to automatically update. That way, when a new virus or hack is spotted, youll get the fix to keep you safe.Applying patches and updates:Make sure you apply updates for your operating system, web browsers. and software (especially security software) whenever theyre available.Go into the settings for your computer operating system and web browser to make sure they update automatically. Having auto-updates lets you know you're protected against the latest threats from malware and viruses.The internet of things:As more and more things become computerized (watches, appliances, cars, toys), its important to apply smart security thinking.Dont connect if you dont need to. Just because your fridge or bed can be connected to the Internet doesnt mean you have to do that. If you do not see a benefit, dont connect.Change the password right away on every device from the manufacturers default. The same password rules apply for things  use a strong password and make it unique.If you can, set the software to check for updates about every three months. You can also set a reminder and check for updates yourself.Connect your things through your guest Wi-Fi network (if you have one). This separates them from the home network where your important data is stored.The City's Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) strives to engage, empower, and improve life for residents in the City through technology. The focus areas of their work includes digital engagement and services, data and analytics, and broadband, cable and digital equity. The department oversees the development and implementation of new digital tools, open data, Wicked Free Wi-Fi, mobile apps, and cyber security practices.
BOSTON - Wednesday, October 2, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release of hisFood Access Agendato assess existing food access initiatives and deliver actionable recommendations to fill gaps. The Agenda will guide the City's work to ensure everyone has equitable access to affordable, fresh, healthy, and culturally-connected foods and end food insecurity in Boston by 2030."In Boston, we believe that having access to food is a right, not a privilege. Our Food Access Agenda builds off the important work that our Office of Food Access is doing to help make fresh, healthy food more affordable and more accessible across all of our neighborhoods," said Mayor Walsh. "I thank the many partners who helped guide our Food Access Agenda, and especially the Boston Food Access Council for moving it forward. Working together, we can end food insecurity in Boston and we can lead a movement to end hunger in America."The Food Access Agenda is a result of 30 stakeholder interviews and a Food Access Summit, where dozens of partners from the Greater Boston area were invited to review and contribute to this agenda. The Agenda outlines five strategic goals that will guide the City to enhance existing programs and services, and fill critical gaps to end food insecurity by 2030:Ensure food access issues are prioritized within community organizations, City agencies, and other key partners, emphasizing a racial equity and resilience lensStrengthen the citywide food access network by developing shared resources and strategic collaboration opportunitiesDevelop and support a policy and advocacy agenda to eliminate food insecurityBuild public awareness of food insecurity and available resources, programs, and services and,Implement strategies to make healthy and fresh foods more affordable and accessible throughout Boston.The City will work to accomplish its goal of ending food insecurity by 2030 by leading and implementing its own initiatives, as well as leveraging new and existing partnerships and assets throughout the City."It is with great pleasure that we partner with the Mayor and his Office of Food Access on addressing the issues around food insecurity everyday in our city," said Catherine D'Amato, president and CEO of The Greater Boston Food Bank. "We partner with 132 hunger-relief partners across the city who assist us with feeding the almost 1 in 5residents of Boston who struggle with accessing quality and nutritious food. We thank the City for standing with us in making this issue a matter of public health."Some of the work that will be accomplished through this agenda include restructuring theBoston Food Access Council (BFAC)to reach strategic goals by 2021, partnering with community health centers to implement a comprehensive process for sharing resources with all Bostonians, and partnering with Boston Public Schools and others to implement programs that improve the underperforming participation and consumption of all school meals.The Boston Food Access Council (BFAC) will create a network of different stakeholders working in food insecurity, including food aid providers, health providers, and community organizations to identify opportunities for partnerships and strengthen and amplify the City's goal of ending food insecurity by 2030 and beyond."Mattapan Food and Fitness Coalition (MFFC) is excited to see the execution of the five strategies in this plan. Food insecurity and food access is an important issue that many Boston communities face. We look forward to being one of many voices working to help shape the implementation of the plan," said Shavel'le Olivier, MFFC Executive Director.In 2016, Mayor Walsh rebranded the Mayor's Office of Food Initiatives as the Mayor's Office of Food Access (OFA). The new name signifies a shift in its mission to focus more intentionally on addressing food access challenges that many low-income Bostonians face on a daily basis. Since then, OFA has expanded the reach of the office to include programs such asBoston Summer Eats,BOSFoodLove Program, andBoston Double Up Food Bucks. Each program works to further improve equitable access to nutritious food with respect to affordability, physical accessibility, and cultural connectedness.To read the Mayor's Food Access Agenda 2019-2021,please visit here.###
BOSTON - Tuesday, October 1, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Parks and Recreation Commissioner Ryan Woods broke ground yesterday at Garvey Playground, kicking off the beginning of construction on the park. The $5 million project will bring renovations and improvements to the Dorchester park including upgrades to sports areas, enhancements in lighting, walking paths and seating areas, and improvements of accessibility.The new structures of the playground will ensure climate readiness and resilience capabilities, absorbing water to protect neighborhoods from flooding. It will also improve air quality by capturing carbon and providing shade during heatwaves."I am so excited to break ground on a community space that is accomplishing so many of our City's goals: climate change resiliency, accessibility, open space, and walkability for all ages," said Mayor Walsh. "Boston's parks are meant for all residents, and I'm proud of our continued investments that will improve the lives of all our residents, and bring them together in a beautiful space."At just under five-and-a-half acres, Garvey Playground is a popular park located in Dorchester with planned improvements for street hockey, basketball, flag football, men's and women'slacrosse and Babe Ruth senior baseball. In addition, improvements will be made to two play areas for children, a seating area and shade structure, a viewing terrace at the field house, dog park, accessible entrances, a walking loop, water cooling area, field lighting, and a new scoreboard for field and street hockey."Open spaces are fundamental in communities, and the City of Boston's Parks and Recreation Department aims to benefit all residents throughout the City," said Parks and Recreation Commissioner Ryan Woods. "The renovations of Garvey Playground do just that."The $5 million project budget includes a $790,000 grant from theCommunity Preservation Act, specifically for accessibility and a dog park. Part of the land for the dog park and the Babe Ruth senior baseball field are on Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation (DCR) property. The Parks Department and DCR coordinatedto create accessible entrances off Morrissey Boulevard to assure accessibility to the dog park and senior baseball diamond."The community is very excited for the redesign and improvements to Garvey Park. This $5 million commitment by the City of Boston creates state-of-the-art spaces for flag football, street hockey, basketball, lacrosse, and baseball," said Phil Carver, co-founder of the Greater Neponset Flag Football League. "Garvey Park has been a staple in this community for over a generation and this reinvestment will ensure it will remain so for generations to come."Garvey Playground will be a part of the City of Boston's resiliency initiative.Last year, Mayor Walsh announced a comprehensive and transformative vision that will invest in Boston's waterfront to protect the City's residents, homes, jobs, and infrastructure against the impacts of rising sea level and climate change. Mayor Walsh's plan,Resilient Boston Harbor, lays out strategies along Boston's 47-mile shoreline that will increase access and open space along the waterfront while better protecting the city during a major flooding event.About the Boston Parks and Recreation DepartmentTheParks and Recreation Departmentcreates and maintains clean, green, safe, and accessible public parks and open space throughout Boston. The department is responsible for 217 parks, playgrounds and athletic fields, two golf courses, 65 squares, 17 fountains, 75 game courts, 16 historic and three active cemeteries, urban wilds, four High School Athletic Fields, and approximately 125,000 trees, all covering 2,346 acres, 1,000 of which comprise the historic Emerald Necklace. Parks and Recreation is also responsible for more than 35,000 street trees.###
BOSTON - Tuesday, October 1, 2019 - Building on his Administration's commitment to creating more housing at all income levels to meet the needs of a growing city, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that Boston has surpassed 30,000 units permitted under the administration's housing plan,Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030.This includes more than 6,000 income-restricted units, or 20 percent of the total new housing, which is set aside for residents who have qualifying incomes. This is a significant milestone reached in the work to create 69,000 new units of housing by the year 2030, as called for in the City's housing plan. In addition, the administration announced that rental listing prices are stabilizing across the board, based on analysis over the last 18 months."Boston's working families are the backbone of our city, and helped build Boston into the diverse, welcoming city we are today," said Mayor Walsh. "In Boston, we're growing faster than any time in the last 50 years, and it's important that our housing production keeps pace to support our middle class. My priority is to ensure everyone can stay in the neighborhoods they love, and continue to call Boston home. I'm proud of the progress we've made and the milestones we've reached, which reflects a lot of hard work and strong partnerships in the housing community. We'll continue to work together with our partners to add affordable housing, and make Boston a place for all."Boston continues to lead in creating affordable housing, with one in five units of Boston's total housing stock and one in four of its rental housing stock made up of deed-restricted affordable units. Of those deed-restricted units, nearly half are affordable to families making less than 60 percent of Area Median Income (AMI), or a household income of approximately $57,000 for two people, or $64,000 for a family of three.As Boston continues to make strides towards creating more affordable housing, City officials continue to work with regional partners to ensure housing, including multi-family housing, is built through theMetro Mayor's Regional Housing Task Force.Mayor Walsh and the Task Force worked together to create their regional housing production goal, which aims to create 185,000 new units of housing across the region by the year 2030.Out of 21 municipalities, from 2011 to 2018, 62 percent of all units permitted were in Boston. For comparison, in that same time period, the City of Cambridge permitted one unit for every 7 units that Boston permitted. Another 22 percent of the permitted units were from five neighboring municipalities: Cambridge, Watertown, Everett, Chelsea and Somerville. Five cities, plus Boston, accounted for 84 percent of all units permitted during those seven years."For Greater Boston employers to continue to be able to attract and retain a talented workforce, it is critical that we support the creation of affordable and accessible housing options," said James E. Rooney, President and CEO of the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce. "I applaud the Walsh Administration for the significant progress that has been made to create a range of new housing opportunities and to maintain Boston's competitive edge. The Chamber and our members look forward to continued partnership with the administration and leaders throughout the region to achieve Mayor Walsh's ambitious housing goals.""Exceeding the 30,000-mark reflects the City of Boston's consistent focus on housing. Boston sets an example for other communities about what it takes to get things done," said Clark Ziegler, executive director of the Massachusetts Housing Partnership. "We applaud Boston's emphasis on affordability and transit oriented housing and look forward to seeing the city hit its next milestone."Of Boston's total 30,442 permitted units, more than half were for projects outside of Boston's downtown core. Recent permits data show that 81 percent of the permits pulled so far in 2019 are for projects in Boston's neighborhoods outside the downtown core. One in four of the total 30,442 permitted units represent homeownership opportunities, with a little more than half of those being one bedroom or smaller, and the other half being two-bedroom units or larger. When completed, the 30,442 new units are expected to accommodate more than 60,534 residents.The City of Boston continues to focus on building transit-oriented housing units. Of the permitted units,nearly two out of three are highly transit accessible and within  mile or a five minute walk to major transit, and three out of four units are within  mile or a 10 minute walk from a T stop or commuter rail."I congratulate Mayor Walsh, Chief Dillon and the City of Boston for reaching this important milestone, of permitting 30,000 new homes, including 6,000 deed-restricted homes," said MassHousing Executive Director Chrystal Kornegay. "Boston is a national leader in planning for housing growth, and MassHousing is proud to have the City of Boston as our partner. We look forward to continuing to work collaboratively, to build a Commonwealth where residents of all means can live, and thrive."In addition, Boston's strategy of increasing our overall supply of housing units is beginning to show a stabilizing effect on the housing market. Year over year rental listing data from 2017 and 2018 in Boston shows rents increasing by 2.7 percent in older housing stock, and 3.3 percent in all housing, including newly built stock.Boston has been trending away from large year-over-year increases in rent costs for several quarters as development catches up with demand, creating more rental opportunities across the City. This trend is continuing in 2019: a year over year comparison of the first two quarters in 2018 and 2019 show rent prices incrementally increasing by 1.7 percent in older housing stock, with a 1.5 percent increase in all housing stock.To accomplish the goals set out in our housing plan, the City of Boston has secured funding to build affordable housing by utilizing a range of tools, including leveraging market-rate development, collecting Linkage and Inclusionary Development Policy (IDP) payments from real estate developers, supporting passage of the Community Preservation Act (CPA) to generate approximately $20 million per year, and successfully applying for funding rounds to acquire additional financial support. The City has invested more than $164 million in funding to create the subsidized housing units in cooperation with the state and other housing entities. To find suitable space for new development, the City has also made three million square feet of real estate available.Included in the 69,000 new units called for in the city's housing plan, 15,820 will be income-restricted units, elevating Boston's total income-restricted inventory to 70,000, which maintains Boston's current one in five ratio of deed-restricted affordable housing to all housing units in Boston. In addition, the plan sets a goal to preserve 85 percent of Boston's most at-risk privately-owned affordable units, and purchase 1,000 units of rental housing stock from the speculative market for perpetuity.Guided by Imagine Boston 2030, and in response to the population growth and development pressure many neighborhoods are facing, the Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA) has planning studies underway across the City, includingDorchester's Glover's Corner,Allston-Brighton's Western Avenue, Charlestown's Rutherford Avenue Corridor,Downtown Boston,East Boston,MattapanandNewmarket. The goal of each study is to work with the community to create a comprehensive vision for the areas, guiding future growth and investment that is equitable for all. Planning guidelines have been passed forPLAN: Jamaica Plain/Roxbury,PLAN: South Boston Dorchester AvenueandPLAN: Dudley Squarein Roxbury.Mayor Walsh's 2019housing security legislative packagefocuses on expanding upon the work that Boston has done to address the region's affordable housing crisis and displacement risks for tenants by proposing strengthening current tools and proposing new ones. The housing security bills proposed seek to help existing tenants, with protections for the elderly, right to counsel for those facing eviction and right of first refusal for tenants to purchase their own building. These proposals, if passed, will provide significant new protections and increased housing stability for renters in the City.###
Breast cancer is an epidemic that continues to be a major health crisis in the United States. More than 12 percentof women in the United States will develop breast cancer, and more than40,000 die from it every year. This condition, once diagnosed, can be overwhelming and frightening for victims and their families.This month, we at the Employee Assistance Programwant to highlight different educational and health resources, as well aslocal charity eventsand ways to contribute in the communityto assist those fighting this deadly chronic illness.For breast cancer treatment and screening, listed below are several major hospital services in the Boston area:Have a healthy and happy October!
BOSTON - Monday, September 30, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh this weekend joined residents, community advocates and business owners to announce the permanent transformation of Birch Street in Roslindale Village into a car-free, pedestrian-only space where residents can enjoy food, music and activities. Thelandscape architectural firm, Merritt Chase, was selected for the design and implementation of the project that is scheduled to be completed in the Summer of 2020."The Birch Street Plaza highlights how the City of Boston is activating public space to create a fun, safe environment for people of all ages to gather and enjoy their community,"said Mayor Walsh. "This project will make Roslindale Village even more vibrant, and we look forward to similarly transforming more street space at locations throughout our neighborhoods."In a collaborative effort between the City of Boston, Roslindale Village Main Streets, A Better City, and neighborhood business owners, the pedestrian-only concept was initially piloted during a six-day pop-up plaza series in May 2019. Through in-person surveys, Merritt Chase and neighborhood volunteers gathered feedback from the community, directly informing the final design of the permanent Birch Street Plaza in alignment with the city's newtactical realm guidelines."The pedestrianization of Birch Street will give residents and visitors a safe and appealing place to sit, interact, and relax as they visit the neighborhood. It will help strengthen Roslindale's social fabric, be a source of pride, and no doubt grow into a space which will host more events, such as the Fall Festival and Holiday Market," said Adam Shutes, owner of the Boston Cheese Cellar in Roslindale Village.As part ofGo Boston 2030,the tactical realm guidelines focus on making "tactical" placemaking more accessible for all our neighborhoods, creating more nimble and standardized processes for the creation of plazas, parklets, outdoor cafes, and street murals along Boston's streets and sidewalks. These new processes for tactical public realm improvements add to the City's toolkit for public space development and management and will continue to evolve in the coming years in collaboration with theBoston Transportation Department,Public Works Department,Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics,Arts and Culture,and other city agencies.Projects that are either underway, or completed to improve the City's public realm include theTontine Crescent Plazain Downtown Crossing, thePhillips Square Plazain Chinatown,parkletsin various neighborhoods, and new street murals inDorchester, North Allston and Roslindale. Through theAge-Friendly Bench Program, 89 new benches have been installed across the City, with a particular focus on raising the availability of resting locations for older adults.More information about the Tactical Public Realm Guidelines and the city's larger framework of public realm strategy and projects can be found atboston.gov/publicrealmwhere residents and organizations can submit a request for a project in their neighborhoods.###
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received a complete application to demolish the residence at 16 Chappie Street in Charlestown, 02129.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process.BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of this property, please send to blc@boston.govbefore5 p.m.onOctober 6th, 2019.
"Harry Truman famously said, If you want a friend in Washington, get a dog. While were not in Washington, we are in Boston and I think the adage holds true for all of us in government and public service, said Councilor OMalley in between laughs during this weeks Council meeting.For more than a century, Animal Rescue League (ARL) of Boston has responded to the needs of animals by providing veterinary care, adoption, and field services. Through special police investigation, ARL also confronts the root causes of animal cruelty and neglect, and supports advocacy aimed at strengthening laws that protect animals. Last year, they served more than 16,900 animals in need.Before the Council meeting, ARL President Mary Nee presented councilors and staff with an overview of ARL and the programs and services offered in the neighborhoods of Boston, including Pet Wellness Clinics.Councilor Campbell, who met and adopted her dog Sparky while touring ARL, highlighted that ARL is very intentional about going into the community to serve constituents, and informed the audience about the $10 ARL clinic that encourages people to come in and get all the needs of their animals and pets met.Today, ARLs goal is to focus on prevention and the impact they can have on more animals keeping them out of shelters and in the communities where they belong. For more information on the Animal Rescue League and the services and programs they offer, visit theAnimal Rescue League website.
The Boston Renegades are the premier womens tackle football team in New England and the defending Division 1 Champions of the Womens Football Alliance (WFA).Its really exciting to have them here again to celebrate what incredible role models they are for our young boys and young girls across the City of Boston and beyond, not just by winning championships which we all know in [this City] is important, but also on sportsmanship, skills and outreach in the community, said Councilor Zakim.Moments before the start of the Council meeting, Councilors and their staff, the Renegades, and Wally from the Red Sox gathered on City Hall Plaza to raise the Renegade flag to celebrate and honor the team's achievement.The Renegades were incorporated in 2015 under the leadership of former players, Molly Goodwin, Mia Brickhouse, and Erin Baumgartner. They are currently owned by Goodwin, and operated in partnership with local business professional and dedicated fan Michelle McDonough. The Renegades play at Harry della Russo Stadium in Revere/For more information on the Renegades and their game schedule, visit the Renegades website.
Special events taking place on Saturday, September 28, and Sunday, September 29, will require street closures and temporary parking restrictions. People coming into Boston to attend are strongly encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Saturday, September 28The Mission Hill Road Race will begin at 9 AM on St. Alphonsus Street at Puddingstone Park, turn left onto Hillside Street, left onto Pontiac Street, right on Cherokee Street, left onto Hillside Street, right onto Parker Street, right onto Wensley Street, left onto Buckman Street, right onto Lawn Street, right onto Hayden Street, left onto Fisher Avenue, right onto Parker Avenue, left onto Calumet Street, straight onto Iroquois Street, left onto Sachem Street, right onto Parker Hill Avenue, right onto Parker Hill Street, right onto Hillside Street, left onto Darling Street, right onto Calumet Street, right onto Oswald Street, left onto Hillside Street, right onto Calumet Street, to St. Alphonsus Street, into Puddingstone Park.Traffic will be delayed at intersections as walkers and runners make their way along the route. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday, 7 AM to 1 PM restrictions will be in effect at the following locations.Experience Chinatown will take place on Hudson Street from Kneeland Street to Tai-Tung Street. This section of Hudson Street will be closed to traffic from 9 AM to 6 PM.The Fall Fest also takingplace in Chinatown will require Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 3 PM to 11:59 PM restrictions at the following location.Show Your Talent will take place on Saint James Street, Roxbury, from Regent Street to Alpine Street. This section of Saint James Street will be closed to traffic from 12 PM to 5 PM.Renters Rising Music Festival will take place on Germania Street, Jamaica Plan, from Brookside Avenue heading west to the private driveway. This section of Germania Street will be closed to traffic from 9 AM to 8 PM.The Neighborhood Octoberfest will take place on Ainsworth Street, Roslindale, from Edgemont Street to South Street. This section of Ainsworth Street will be closed to traffic from 3 PM to 7 PM.Sunday, September 29The Allston Village Street Fair will require the closing of the following streets from 6 AM to 8 PM.Rozzie Fall Fest will take place on Birch Street, Roslindale, from Belgrade Avenue to Corinth Street. This section of Birch Street will be closed to traffic from 11 AM to 3 PM.
There is no question that Boston is a strong city thats used to banding together. We celebrate championship-winning sports teams, remember our importance in the roots of American history, and cheer on runners along Boylston Street every April. We also stand together during the hard times.The citys response following the Boston Marathon Bombing shed light on our community's innate commitment to supporting our families, friends, and neighbors who have been impacted by violence of all forms. When faced with devastation, we remained united, and we endured.We recently finished installing the Marathon Markers at Boylston Street which represent the victims of the attack at the two bombing locations. These two monuments will light up the area and serve as a constant reminder of both what was lost on that fateful day and the determination and resilience of the survivor community at large.There are countless survivors still reeling from the trauma they endured on April 15, 2013 and the days following. There are people living with physical scars, and people living with invisible injuries. There are also people throughout Boston who have lived with this kind of trauma for years, due to other acts of violence, including gun violence, gang violence, and other tragic acts that impact entire neighborhoods. Not all Bostonians feel resilient, and Im working to change that.Thats why the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture is carrying out the One Boston Resilience Project, an inclusive process to envision the Citys collective strength after violence, as illuminated by the Boston Marathon Bombing. This project is intended to help us build connectivity and resilience across the city, through the development of a citywide memorial.Were leading a citywide community engagement process that allows us to come together as a city and reflect on what it means for all Bostonians to be resilient in the face of tragedy and trauma. This project will result in a piece of public art that aims to be reflective of all Bostonians, and will help us build connectivity and resilience together as one city.The goal of this community engagement process is to receive as much feedback from residents as possible. We want your input. What does resilience look like? What features should the memorial have to emphasize the strength of the City and everyone living here?Public input will be gathered over four months. We want to reach as many people as possible, so we will use a variety of platforms to receive feedback. We will distribute a citywide survey, conduct listening sessions, use digital outreach, and have creative and participatory activities in multiple languages with an emphasis on multicultural inclusion to maximize access to participation for all.We've held listening sessions in the Back Bay and Jamaica Plain, and we have several more planned.Please join us for the next round of listening sessions:This is a project important to all Bostonians, and thats why I want as much help as possible. I hope youll participate in the One Boston Resilience Project to create a much deserved memorial to highlight Bostons journey to healing and commitment to supporting each other. Through it all, we stick together.Learn more about the One Boston Resilience Project.
Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) free Family Gym Program is back for the fall season in more community centers than ever before and Boston families are invited to join in! Family Gym is a free, weekly play program that promotes physical activity for children ages 3-8 and their families.Family Gym runs on Saturdays beginning October 5 at five BCYF community centers, BCYF Blackstone Community Center in the South End, BCYF Gallivan Community Center in Mattapan (beginning October 12), BCYF Holland Community Center in Dorchester, BCYF Menino Community Center in Roslindale and BCYF Vine Street Community Center in Roxbury. Start time is 10 a.m. with the exception of BCYF Vine Street Community Center which begins at 11 a.m. 2,400 children and caregivers have participated in the program since it began in 2011.Children and adults move at their own pace in supervised activities. Colorful play equipment encourages individual, small, and large group play. Families can jump rope, play on an obstacle course, do the limbo, or play parachute games or sports. No pre-registration or center membership required however caregivers must participate and remain in the gym with their children at all times. Thanks to a partnership with Northeastern University, UMass Boston and Simmons University, student volunteers serve as Activity Leaders at Family Gym. Family Gym is sponsored by Boston Childrens Hospital and The Foundation for BCYF.We love Family Gym because it provides a safe and fun environment for the kids to exert their energy- especially in the winter when they cannot go outside as much, said Katie Nguyen, a parent who attends weekly with her son. We recommend Family Gym to all of our friends. Through Family Gym, we always meet new families or see familiar faces and that's why we try to come every weekend!This session of Family Gym will run through November 23. For updated information or program cancellations, follow @BCYFCenters #FamilyGym
The Jamboree brings together recreational soccer teams from across Boston providing young players from different local soccer programs with the opportunity to play against other area teams in a non-competitive setting.The Mayors Cup Soccer Jamboree will be held on the weekend of October 26 and 27 at Carter Playground located at 709 Columbus Avenue in the South End. Teams will be registered in the following divisions: Coed Grades 3 and 4, Coed Grades 5 and 6, and Coed Grades 7 and 8. There will also be Girls Grades 3 and 4, Girls Grades 5 and 6, and Girls Grades 7 and 8. The Mayors Cup Soccer Jamboree is a 7 v 7 tournament with a 30-minute running time. All games will end at 2 p.m. on both days to accommodate regular league schedules.The final day of registration is Tuesday, October 22. To register, please go to tinyurl.com/2019MayorsCupSoccerJamboree. For more information about the Mayors Cup Soccer Jamboree, please contact Woodley Auguste at woodley.auguste@boston.gov or call 617-961-3084. You may also contact Charlie Conners at charles.conners@boston.gov or call 617-961-3093.
We did it, folks! With the recent release of our marriage certificates application, weve successfully moved all requests for Registry Department vital record certificates  birth, marriage, and death  online. Instead of coming into City Hall or breaking out your stamp collection, you can order from home and receive a certificate in the mail. At just $14 per order, plus a minor processing fee, weve been able to not only make our certificates accessible, but also more affordable.In fact, in just the first week of releasing our marriage application  and without any promotion  online requests made up nearly 26 percent of all orders. In that same week, online requests made up 31 percent of birth certificate orders and a whopping 54 percent of death certificate orders. One stat were extremely proud of is around our death certificates application, the first that we built for the Registry Department. After being available to the public for more than a year, our online form is the most popular way to make a death certificate request.Thanks to our previous work on birth and death, we took much of the code from those applications to re-use it for marriage certificates. But, marriage had its own specific issues we needed to address.While we were excited to finish off the Registrys full suite of services, moving marriage certificates online also had a number of added benefits. As with birth and death, there was an online option through the state to order marriage certificates. But, orders cost $42 and up, and certificates werent available until six months after the marriage date.As with our other applications, we were also looking to create a more efficient system for the Registry Department. Instead of sifting through the mail and managing in-person orders, our online system would allow Registry staff to quickly process requests. Our goal is to save the Registry Department money and time, time that could be used helping those with special needs, or other projects to make its department even more efficient.And, just like with birth certificates, we knew the demand for marriage certificates would be on the rise thanks to the REAL ID Act. The federal act mandated an enhanced drivers license be issued separate from standard licenses to citizens. Youll soon need either this enhanced drivers license or a passport to enter certain federal buildings and to fly in the United States.After the REAL ID requirements were announced in March 2018, the Registry Department saw a 30 percent spike just with birth certificate requests. If you changed your name after you were married, youre also required to show the Registry of Motor Vehicles your marriage certificate to verify that name change.Lets face it, some people have trouble remembering their exact marriage date (were not pointing any fingers). In talking with Registry staff, we realized how important it would be to allow users to add a date range. The Registry Department receives calls all the time from people needing help finding the date of their marriage. Limiting a person to a single date could easily return no results and create a lot of frustration. By adding a date range, we would help cut down on phone calls, all while creating a more friendly experience for our users.One other issue to address was the use of names. Registry staff often receive calls from folks using alternate spellings, making it tough to track down their records. In our online application, we wanted to give users the option to include extra information, including any alternate spellings of names.Similar to birth certificates, we knew we would also have to deal with restricted records. If either person in a couple had parents who were not married at the time of their birth, their marriage record as well as their birth record are restricted. A restricted marriage certificate means that only the two parties who got married and their parents can access their certificate. Just like with birth, built in a way to upload identification to deal with restricted record requests.We had some initial ideas, but we wanted to make sure to user test our new application as soon as possible. To do this, we created five versions of the application, each with slight variations, and brought them down to the Registry windows to get real-time feedback from users. We also tested with users just outside of City Hall at Patios.After looking at the results from testing, it was clear that we were going to need to use progressive disclosure for adding the date. Progressive disclosure means we give our users just enough information to move forward with the task, without bogging them down with other  potentially confusing  details. We chose to do this because there was still confusion about what to do if you didnt know the exact date. Using progressive disclosure allowed us to break down the process to funnel people in the right direction. If they know the specific date, they can enter it. If not, we give them the ability to input a range.We also decided to put an alternative spelling box, with the option of adding more than one, on every page where you enter a name. This box allows people to enter any other spellings that might exist for their names. Our first two days of testing revealed that most people were able to add that extra information with ease.After receiving that initial round of feedback, we made updates to the form and performed a second round of testing. We focused on two things: our progressive disclosure process for the date and our alternative names box. Thanks to some more explicit instructions, this round of testing went very well, confirming our suspicions about how best to display information. We decided to incorporate both features for the date and name fields into the final version of the application.We cannot thank the Registry Department enough for their support throughout this process. Registrar Patty McMahon and her staff were with us through every step of the development of our online applications, and we would have been lost without them. Theyve also done an amazing job in spreading the word about online requests.If you have some time, please check out our birth, marriage, and death certificate applications. These are by no means finished products, and we plan to continue to iterate and improve them over time. Wed love to hear what you think  just email feedback@boston.gov.This blog post was written by Sarah Greisdorf, a summer content fellow for the Digital Team. She's currently a junior at Boston University, where she's studying computer science. Connect with her on LinkedIn.
BOSTON - Tuesday, September 24, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Governor Charlie Bakerjoined Hearth President and CEO Mark Hinderlie, D.F. Pray President, Scott Pray, the Hearth Board of Directors, local elected officials, and residents to celebrate the groundbreaking of Hearth at Four Corners. The $19 million project will create 54 units of supportive, affordable housing for older adults, and will be located on a previously vacant city-owned lot at 16 Ronald Street in Dorchester. Today's groundbreaking ceremony builds on the City of Boston's commitment to creating more affordable housing, especially for older residents."As a city, we measure our success by how we are able to serve all of our people, including our most vulnerable residents. We're excited about the Hearth at Four Corners project and the new affordable housing opportunities it brings for Boston's older adults," said Mayor Walsh. "This project is another example of our commitment to maintaining and growing our affordable housing stock in Boston. I want to thank all partners involved for making this opportunity possible, which will make a positive difference in the lives of those who will call Hearth home."Hearth at Four Corners will create 52 affordable one bedroom units, and two studio apartments. All residents at the new 48,867 square foot building will have 24/7 access to on-site concierge services and a Resident Service Coordinator. Additional wellness services will also be available once construction is complete. The new housing development will serve individuals age 62 or older who have either low or middle-income housing needs. In addition, two units will be set aside to house formerly homeless individuals."Our administration has prioritized the production and preservation of affordable housing across the Commonwealth, and we are pleased to support this development that brings critical senior housing to the City of Boston," said Governor Charlie Baker. "We will continue to invest in projects that combine housing and important wraparound services, and we look forward to working with our colleagues in the Legislature to pass our Housing Choice bill to facilitate the production of new housing to address Massachusetts' affordability and availability crisis."Hearth's construction plans call for the highest standards of universal design throughout the new building to accommodate older adults of all abilities. The building will meet LEED Silver, Energy Star, and Enterprise Green Community standards. Financing for the project includes support from the City of Boston, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston, and State, Federal low income housing tax credits, MassDevelopment, Citizens, and Eastern Bank. Philanthropic support was provided by Charles H. Farnsworth Trust, Charlesbank Homes, and individual donors."Hearth feels so fortunate that here in Boston we have a Mayor and a Governor who believe so strongly that all our residents deserve a place to call home. Mayors and Governors oversee critically important agencies charged with addressing the crisis in affordable housing, and this project wouldn't have happened without them, but this Mayor and this Governor have gone beyond simply good management to provide inspirational and philanthropic leadership to make sure we succeed in ending and preventing homelessness in the Commonwealth and our City," said Mark Hinderlie, Hearth President and CEO.This project received support from the community led by the City of Boston's Department of Neighborhood Development, and the Erie Ellington Brinsley Neighborhood Association. The new building will be located at the former Ronald Gibson School, and will be steps from the MBTA Fairmount line. Hearth has begun construction with their contractor D.F. Pray, and they anticipate completion of construction and the beginning of lease up by late summer 2020.In the past five years, almost 430 units for older residents have either been completed, or are currently in construction -- 81 percent of which are income-restricted units. In addition, the City has six more developments in the pipeline that will create 270 more units for older residents.Today's groundbreaking for Hearth at Four Corners strongly aligns with the City's housing goals to use more City-owned land to produce affordable housing for seniors as outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030. Mayor Walsh recently increased the City's overall housing targets from 53,000 to 69,000 new units by 2030 to meet Boston's population growth. These updated housing goals build on Mayor Walsh's commitment to increasing access to home ownership, preventing displacement and promoting fair and equitable housing access.Since the release of the original Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030 plan in 2014, income-restricted housing stock has grown along with overall new production resulting in nearly 20 percent of newly-developed housing units designated as income restricted, and 25 percent of rental units designated as income restricted. Based on the Mayor's housing plan, in total, after creating an additional 15,820 units of income-restricted housing, Boston will have nearly 70,000 units of income-restricted housing by 2030.Mayor Walsh's2019 housing security legislative packagefocuses on expanding upon the work that Boston has done to address the region's affordable housing crisis and displacement risks for tenants by proposing new and strengthening current tools to leverage Boston's prosperity and create sustainable wealth opportunities that make Boston a more inclusive and equitable city. The housing security bills proposed seek to help existing tenants, particularly older adults, remain in their homes, and creates additional funding for affordable housing.For more information on the City's work to create more housing, please visit:Housing A Changing City: Boston 2030.About Hearth, Inc.Founded in 1991 as a nonprofit with a mission to end elder homelessness, Hearth has developed 228 units of housing, including Hearth at Four Corners. They have placed over 2,500 older adults in safe housing with appropriate services, both in Hearth housing and through their Outreach Program, and created a National Leadership Initiative, which has resulted in tens of thousands of units of permanent supportive housing for homeless and at-risk older adults coast to coast.Rendering of the Hearth at Four Corners development###
Hundreds of illuminated jack-o-lanterns will be floated on the water accompanied by spooky family activities. Attendees are asked to bring eight-inch or smaller carved pumpkins that will be lit and then floated on the Frog Pond for a dramatic early evening display. Adults and children are encouraged to wear Halloween costumes and participate in a wide range of fun activities. Test your courage in our haunted zombie maze, take a ride on the Spooky Mansion Slide, experience the Jumpin Pumpkin, try your skills at the bean bag toss, and enjoy nighttime fun on our LED swings and seesaws.The Fall Pumpkin Float is presented by the Boston Parks and Recreation Department in partnership with the Skating Club of Boston. The title sponsor is Capital One, key sponsors are Xfinity, HP Hood LLC, Polar Beverages, and L.L. Bean, and the media sponsor is Magic 106.7. Additional support is provided by Perfect Parties.This free family-friendly event will also include glow-in-the-dark games, childrens crafts, games and giveaways by Magic 106.7, and scarily delicious snacks and refreshments provided by Power Crunch Bars, KIND Snacks, and HP Hood LLC. A monster mash of science activities will include the Massachusetts Horticulture Society, giant bubbles with the Bubble Guy Jim Dichter, and Halloween giveaways.For more information, please call the Boston Parks and Recreation Department at 617-635-4505 or visit the Parks and Recreation website.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined residents, community advocates, business owners and city officials for a ribbon cutting celebrating the reconstruction of North Square in the North End. A partnership between Boston's Public Works Department and the Boston Art Commission, the project includes a new piece of permanent public art entitled 'North Square Stories', by A+J Art+Design."The renovation of North Square showcases our commitment to making upgrades to Boston's infrastructure, while still preserving the history and culture of our neighborhoods," said Mayor Walsh. "By working hand-in-hand with the community and incorporating their ideas into the design, we have built a better, more accessible space for residents and visitors to gather and enjoy the North End, and these new works of art, designed for all."The community design process for the reconstruction of North Square began in 2014, and priorities resulting from those discussions led to the final design. The $2.5 million dollar reconstruction included enhanced lighting to improve functionality, new ADA compliant paver pedestrian paths throughout the square, and reset granite blocks in the roadway and center plaza.The City of Boston's Public Works Department allocated $200,000 from the North Square budget towards a public art project that was incorporated into the Square. In April 2017, Mayor Walsh announced thatA+J Art+Design was selectedas the artist team for the project. A+J Art+Design, which is made up of Ann Hirsch and Jeremy Angier, worked with the Boston Art Commission, the Public Works Department and the North End community to develop their initial proposal forNorth Square Stories."This investment highlights the beauty of the North End and our city's role as a cradle of democracy and liberty," said Boston City Councilor Lydia Edwards. "The renovated North Square is a wonderful reminder that in Boston we welcome people from across the world as well as those of differing physical abilities.""In North Square and in the North End, one is surrounded by details that point to stories of personal, local, and national significance hiding in plain sight, and these stories are encapsulated in the talks we've had with community members who were always ready to share who they are and how they came to be here," said artist Ann Hirsch of A+J Art+Design. "These diverse stories and their level of detail became a guiding principle that led us to make four intricately detailed, unique sculptures. We hope the research and level of detail that went intoNorth Square Storiesleads to a deeper experience of North Square for the local and visitor alike, and we hope that there is always something more to see."The artwork honors the historical legacy of North Square and enhances its functionality as a community gathering place and tourist destination. A+J Art+Design built strong ties with community members as a basis for creating the artwork, and worked with students from Eliot School and St. John School to incorporate students' artwork into the sculptures."The recent reconstruction of North Square successfully blends old and new in this deeply historic gathering space. The new, wonderfully evocative bronze sculptures capture moments in North End history and offer a moving and educational treat for visitors and locals alike," said Nina Zanierri, Executive Director of the Paul Revere House.Under Mayor Walsh, the Public Works Department is repairing critical roads and bridges, such as the North Washington Street Bridge, and the Dana Avenue Bridge. PWD is also reconstructing 14 miles of sidewalks, resurfacing over 52 miles of roadway, and continuing to make Boston's streets safe, equitable and efficient for all cyclists, pedestrians, and drivers.Mayor Walsh's$2.78 billion five-year capital planallocates significant investments in infrastructure across Boston's neighborhoods, including:10 percent of its budget to projects that make Boston more resilient$30 million into improving affordable housingInvestments in Franklin Park, Moakley Park, branch libraries and firehousesInvestments of over $1 billion in sidewalks, roads and bridges citywide.Over the next five years, Mayor Walsh will commit $13.4 million to the Percent for Art program, which allocates one percent of the City's capital borrowing for the commission of permanent public artwork. This, combined with $80,000 for temporary public art projects in the next year and several new City staff positions, is the most funding the City has ever dedicated to public art.To learn more about the reconstruction of North Square, visithere.To learn more about theNorth Square Storiespublic artwork, visithere.To learn more about ongoing and upcoming public art projects, visithere.About the Public Works DepartmentTheBoston Public Works Department(PWD) provides core services essential to neighborhood quality of life. We direct general construction, maintenance, and cleaning of approximately 802 miles of roadways throughout the City. PWD operates two major drawbridges, maintain 68,055 street lights, and supervise contracts for the removal and disposal of approximately 190.000 tons of solid waste. We also operate Boston's recycling program with an annual diversion of approximately 45,000 tons. Follow them on Twitter @BostonPWD.About the Mayor's Office of Arts and CultureTheMayor's Office of Arts and Culture'smission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include implementing the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates commissioning public art, managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information go to:www.boston.gov/departments/arts-and-culture###
BOSTON- Tuesday, September 24, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch of the first Age Strong Commission public awareness campaign, aimed at revealing implicit biases around aging and dispelling stereotypes about older adults to promote more positive messaging around aging.The campaign launch comes after the City'sAge Strong Commissionupdated its name and brand earlier this year, and redefined its mission and values reflecting a growing trend and national movement towards more inclusive aging language and actions."Boston's older residents are strong in so many different ways -- with strong experiences, cultures, and voices," said Mayor Walsh. "We want to evolve the conversation around aging and make sure that the images and stories we share help expand what it means to age in our city. Older Bostonians bring so many dynamic experiences to our community, and we want more people to see that and embrace it."The multifaceted campaign features eight older Bostonians who defy negative stereotypes about aging. In theadvertisements, the models stand boldly under labels that often get placed on older people: frumpy, cranky, inactive, senile, frail, childish, over the hill, and helpless -- and their stories counter those biases. The advertisements will be featured across the city on bus shelters, in Boston Public Library locations, in a 30-second television commercial, and on digital signage through this fall.The Age Strong Commission has actively engaged with the community to learn how Bostonians are aging now and what their hopes are for aging in the future. Those conversations reflect a growing trend and national movement towards more inclusive aging language and actions, designed by the FrameWorks Institute, the research partner for theReframing Aging Project."The stories of real people matter. Boston's reframing aging campaign challenges us to rethink older people and the words we use," said Nora Moreno Cargie, president of Tufts Health Plan Foundation and vice president for corporate citizenship at Tufts Health Plan. "This is one of many actions already taken by the city. It is adapting its systems and programs to be relevant for older people and include our voices, our stories, our experiences in solutions. City leaders are showing us what it means to Age Strong."This Age Strong public awareness campaign comes three years into the Commission'sAge-Friendly Boston Action Planwhich details 75 concrete action items the City will take to become even more age friendly. Currently in its third year, it has already celebrated the successful launch of several action items including the City's first pilotSenior Civic Academy an interactivepublic restrooms map anage- and dementia-friendly business designation anemployment guide for people over 50 and most recently the unveiling of abench programraising the availability of resting locations for older adults."Prejudices about groups of people negatively contribute to their health and well-being outcomes," said Boston Chief of Health and Human Services Marty Martinez. "This anti-ageism campaign helps us counter those stereotypes about aging that can hold people back, so that we can age even better in Boston.""I am living my best life and I am thrilled to be a part of Boston's Age Strong campaign!" said Sandra Harris, Massachusetts state president of AARP and featured model in the campaign."As a Boston resident, I am blessed to live in a city that values all I continue to bring to the table, and I appreciate the opportunity to redefine what it means to get older. It's not about defying or denying aging, it's about owning your age.""Just because you're older doesn't mean you are inactive," said 103-year-old Irene Morey, a Boston resident featured in the print and multimedia campaign. "I'm far from senile--I'm aging strong!"For more information about the campaign, please visitboston.gov/agestrongAbout the Age Strong CommissionThe Age Strong Commission works towards making Boston a city that fully embraces aging. Our mission is to enhance the lives of people 55+ with meaningful programs, resources, and connections so we can live and age strong together in Boston. For more than 50 years, we have served constituents as a City department, Council on Aging, and Area Agency on Aging. In 2017, the Commission launched its Age-Friendly Action Plan, which is the City's blueprint to make Boston the best city to live and age in. Learn more atwww.boston.gov/age-strong.###
This week, Councilor Wu recognized leaders of the Boston Climate Strike, which took place this Friday as part of young people mobilizing around the world to step up for our climate crisis."Boston Climate Strike is a movement to demand that political leaders take actions to meet the size and scale of climate change and to launch the era of the Green New Deal, said 18-year-old Audrey Lin, a Boston strike organizer.
The Committee on Government Operations held a hearing on August 28, 2019 where public comment was taken.This week, the Council voted to approve the citizen petition for a non-binding ballot question to appear on the November 5municipal election ballot asking Boston voters if they support renaming Dudley Square as Nubian Square.Councilor Janey, district City Councilor of Roxbury said, I believe strongly that the residents of Roxbury deserve the opportunity to determine for themselves what they would like to be called. This ballot question will give them the opportunity to do just that.Dudley Square currently memorializes former Massachusetts Bay Colony Governor Thomas Dudley. Proponents of the petition state that Governor Dudley presided over the passage of laws that permitted slavery, and the Dudley family later enabled the slave trade. The name Nubian Square would recognize the area as a hub of the African American community and pay tribute to a former anchor business in the area, A Nubian Notion gift shop.
The statue, whose real name is Quest Eternal, occupied the Boylston Street side of the Prudential Center, depicting a large, nude male reaching to the heavens. The sculpture was moved in 2014 when the Pru began construction on a new entrance on Boylston Street.Created by Donald DeLue, the Boston Art Commission describes Quest Eternal this way: "Twisted in a dramatic pose, this 27-foot tall male figure reaches toward the sky. The muscular nude brings to mind ancient Greek and Roman sculpture, as well as the work of Renaissance-era artists, who often looked to classical art to inspire their choice of subject matter and style. Here, the sculpture also fits in with the modern urban landscape and parallels the bold verticality of the neighboring Prudential Tower, completed three years before the sculptures installation."During this weeks Council meeting, the Council voted to approve the acceptance of the donation of the sculpture from Boston Properties. It will be moved to Smith Playground in Allston as part of the park redesign.
Speaking in regards to the resolution, Councilor Essaibi-George said, I think it's important to recognize the men and women both uniformed and civilian employees that are doing the work  our Boston Police Crime Lab in particular. They are understaffed, under-resourced, well over capacity. The work that they need to do is very important, not just for justice, but for really solving the problems or the symptoms of crime.National Forensic Science week began in 2013 to recognize forensic scientists and professionals, and the important role they play in the criminal justice system.
"As we continue our work to create a diverse, welcoming Seaport for all, I am pleased that new development along Fan Pier has created this opportunity to bring an innovative cultural destination to Boston's waterfront," said Mayor Walsh. "GrubStreet shares our commitment to lifting up all voices and creating opportunity for all of Boston's residents, and I am excited to welcome them to 50 Liberty."In December 2018, Mayor Walsh, the Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA), the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture and The Fallon Company announced that GrubStreet had been unanimously selected to operate civic/cultural space at 50 Liberty Drive. GrubStreet will receive a $25 per square foot construction allowance -- totaling approximately $329,150 toward improvements to the space -- and will pay $1 per year in rent.The new location will feature a bookstore operated by Porter Square Books, an independent bookstore located in Cambridge. Additionally, there will be a cafe and community space for writers, a podcast studio and multiple classrooms to expand GrubStreet's workshops. There will also be an event space for readings, slam poetry, storytelling events and shows that combine words with music and dance. Currently, the nonprofit organization operates programs at its Downtown location, and in neighborhoods including Dorchester, Roxbury, Mattapan and East Boston. This new location will allow GrubStreet to expand its programming and activate a collaborative space in the South Boston Waterfront."With this move, we look forward to becoming a dynamic gathering place for writers and readers of all ages, backgrounds and abilities," said Eve Bridburg, Founder and Executive Director of GrubStreet. "GrubStreet's new home will provide a space to learn, to share stories, to see dynamic performances, to celebrate book launches, and to make friends."
The selection of GrubStreet follows a public and transparent process to select civic or cultural users to activate available spaces in development in ways that serve a diverse population. Following the release of a Request for Ideas (RFI) in January 2018, the BPDA received eight proposals, and in April 2018 hosted an open house where the top four respondents presented their proposals to the public. The selection process is modeled after an effort completed in 2015 when the Society of Arts and Crafts was selected as an operator of similar space provided at Pier 4.The selection committee represented multiple departments across the City and considered criteria including public comment letters, the ability of the respondent to create a welcoming space that serves a diverse population, and access to the financial resources to build-out and operate space year-round.The announcement builds on Mayor Walsh'sBoston Creates Cultural Plan, a ten-year city initiative designed to align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality over the long-term, and weave arts and culture into the fabric of everyday life. Since the launch of Boston Creates in 2016, Mayor Walsh has committed to leading the implementation of the plan by building City resources for arts and culture and creating the necessary partnerships to address the critical needs identified through the planning process. The full cultural plan can be found online athttp://plan.bostoncreates.org.###
BOSTON- Friday, September 20, 2019 -Mayor Martin J. Walsh, along with the City of Boston's Age Strong Commission, Public Works, Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, AARP, Tufts Health Plan Foundation and WalkBoston celebrated theAge-Friendly Bench programtoday in Grove Hall. The program expands the number of benches across the city, with a particular focus on raising the availability of resting locations for older adults."These additional benches will make our streets more walkable, commutes more comfortable, and allow older residents access to areas of the City they enjoy. We're installing them where we need them most: around our libraries, community centers, senior centers, main streets and business districts," said Mayor Walsh. "Making our city Age Friendly means adapting our structures and services to provide accessibility and inclusion to residents of all ages and abilities."Additional benches to make Boston more Age-Friendly and walkable for allThe City of Boston and WalkBoston conducted walk audits with older residents to determine the most suitable locations for the benches. The new benches were tested and approved by older adults for optimum comfort and to encourage independence and activity,grounded in the fundamental principle that safe and comfortable walking for seniors means a better walking environment for everyone."Benches are a critical part of age-friendly communities. Knowing that there are places to rest encourages people to walk further and more often - which helps people maintain their health and wellbeing," said Wendy Landman, executive director of WalkBoston. "Benches provide older adults, and Bostonians of all ages, with places to rest and enjoy our public spaces. WalkBoston is thrilled that Boston now has a robust program to continue to provide more benches across the City.""I am so proud of these benches and want to thank the Mayor from bringing them to the community," said Lillian O'Neal from Jamaica Plain. "They make it easier to get around since I can sit and take a rest in a comfortable space that supports my back and is easy to sit on and get out of."All benches adhere to ADA requirements and follow the City'spublic realm guidelines. Public Works crews have begun installing them and the City will have 89 new age-friendly benches by the end of fall. Mayor Walsh committed $90,000 in FY19 to the program, and additional funding for the Age-Friendly bench program was provided by AARP and the Boston College Neighborhood Improvement Fund.The creation of the bench program came from community feedback and ispart of theAge-Friendly Boston Action Planwhich details 75 concrete action items the City will take to become even more age friendly. Currently in its third year, it has already celebrated the successful launch of several action items including the City's first pilotSenior Civic Academy an interactivepublic restrooms map anage- and dementia-friendly business designation anemployment guide for people over 50 and arebrand of the Age Strong Commissionto better reflect the community it serves.To find current bench locations, please visitboston.gov/benchesor call Boston 311.About the Age Strong CommissionThe Age Strong Commission works towards making Boston a city that fully embraces aging. Our mission is to enhance the lives of people 55+ with meaningful programs, resources, and connections so we can live and age strong together in Boston. For more than 50 years, we have served constituents as a City department, Council on Aging, and Area Agency on Aging. In 2017, the Commission launched its Age-Friendly Action Plan, which is the City's blueprint to make Boston the best city to live and age in. Learn more atwww.boston.gov/age-strong.###
Special events taking place on Saturday, September 21, and Sunday, September 22, will require street closures and temporary parking restrictions. People coming into Boston to attend are strongly encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Saturday, September 21The Phantom Gourmet Food Festival will require the following streets to be closed to traffic from approximately 3 AM to 7:30 PM.The following parking restrictions will also be in effect.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday and SundayDorchester Bike and Brew will require the following street to be closed to through traffic from approximately 3 PM to 10 PM.The following parking restrictions will also be in effect.Tow Zone No Stopping SaturdaySunday, September 22The Allston Brighton Parade, the Brian J. Honan 5K Run/Walk and the Allston Village Street Fair will take place in Allston/Brighton.The parade route will be closed to traffic from approximately 12 Noon to 4 PM.The following streets will be closed to traffic from 6 AM to 8 PM for the Allston Village Street Fair.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows for these events.The Jimmy Fund Walk will require the following street to be closed to traffic from approximately 5 AM to 8 PM.In addition, traffic delays should be expected along the following two walk routes.The following parking restrictions will also be in effect.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The WKLB Country 102.5 Street Party will require the following streets to be closed to traffic from 6 AM to 11 PM.The following parking restrictions will also be in effect.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday and SundayThe Beacon Hill Fall Fest will require the following street to be closed to vehicles from 10 AM to 5 PM.Open Charles Street will require the following street to be closed to vehicles from 11 AM to 5 PM.The following parking restrictions will also be in effect for these events.Tow Zone No Stopping Sunday 9 AM to 5 PM
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the house at 197 Green Street in Jamaica Plain, MA 02131.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September 29, 2019.
BOSTON - Thursday, September 19, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that Dr. Taylor Cain has been appointed as Director of the City of Boston'sHousing Innovation Lab(i-Lab). As Director, Dr. Cain will lead citywide efforts to pioneer innovative housing models and systems, and accelerate the pace of innovation in the housing sector that promotes inclusion and equity across Boston neighborhoods."Creating opportunities for people of all income levels is critical to ensuring that Boston continues to be a city where people want to live and employers want to locate," said Mayor Walsh. "Dr. Cain has an incredible background that will suit her well in this new role, and I look forward to the ideas that will be generated under her leadership as we work to make Boston's housing stock accessible and affordable to all."Dr. Cain, a Jamaica Plain resident, recently completed her Ph.D. in Sociology at Boston University, and also holds a bachelor's degree from Wesleyan University. In addition to her academic pursuits, Dr. Cain has worked with local nonprofit organizations and institutions on evaluation and research projects that focus on a range of issues, including economic development, racial equity, and displacement. Dr. Cain fell 'in curiosity' with Boston during her first few years of graduate school as she experienced the city and its neighborhoods through different forms of public transportation. Deeply intrigued by how people move through and experience place, Dr. Cain brings a sociological imagination to addressing the challenges of ensuring that Boston is a city that grows inclusively."Since its inception, the Housing Innovation Lab has infused a sense of curiosity, creativity, and the lived experiences of Boston residents into our conversations about housing," said Dr. Cain. "As the new director, I cannot wait to grow the threads of this work. I am looking forward to partnering with the many communities that care deeply about housing in Boston and exploring projects that grapple with the connections between housing, transportation, employment, and other important dimensions of urban life."The Housing Innovation Lab under Dr. Cain's leadership will continue to take an innovative approach to addressing Boston's housing challenges. Since first being established by Mayor Walsh in 2015, thei-Lab has worked with residents and stakeholders to encourage the creation of new housing prototypes that promote affordability and alternative living arrangements.Earlier this year, through the work of the i-Lab, theAdditional Dwelling Unit (ADU) programwas approved by the Boston Planning & Development Agency, allowing owner occupants to carve out space within their homes to create small, independent rental units. The citywide expansion of the ADU program follows a successful 18-month pilot program in Jamaica Plain, Mattapan, and East Boston. ADUs provide an opportunity to use existing infrastructure to increase affordable housing options, create safe living arrangements, and support multigenerational family arrangements. As part of his FY20 budget, Mayor Walsh dedicated $650,000 towards the program to provide zero-interest loans for income-eligible homeowners.The i-Lab also spearheaded the City's Intergenerational Homeshare program, which leverages technology to match older adults with an extra room in their home with a responsible young person looking for affordable rent. The program initially launched a pilot program in 2017, and following its success, Mayor Walsh dedicated $100,000 in his FY20 budget to expand the program. This additional funding will allow the program to pair 100 matches by hiring a vendor to recruit and assist hosts, vet applicants and provide ongoing support for participants.Building on this foundation, over the coming year under Dr. Cain's leadership, the lab will focus on projects that pertain to resilience, multigenerational living and community wealth building. Residents with thoughts or suggestions are welcome to attend the labs' office hours every Tuesday from 2:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m. at the Department of Neighborhood Development offices at 26 Court Street. Whether it is an idea, a set of questions, or a desire to talk with a team who cares deeply about our residential environments, the lab is looking forward to connecting with different stakeholders in Boston.The City of Boston's comprehensive housing strategy,Housing A Changing City: Boston 2030, calls for the production of 69,000 new housing units by 2030 to meet Boston's expected population growth. The new units will include 15,820 income-restricted accommodations, elevating Boston's total income-restricted inventory to 70,000. This will total to one in five of all housing units in the City. Two other goals are to preserve 85 percent of Boston's most at-risk, privately-owned affordable units and to purchase 1,000 units of rental housing stock from the speculative market. These would become income-restricted for perpetuity.Mayor Walsh's 2019housing security legislative packagefocuses on expanding the work that Boston has done to address the region's affordable housing crisis and displacement risks. He proposes new and strengthening current tools to leverage Boston's prosperity and create sustainable wealth opportunities to make Boston a more inclusive and equitable city. The housing security bills proposed seek to help existing tenants, particularly the elderly, remain in their homes, and create additional funding for affordable housing.For more information about the Housing Innovation Lab, pleasevisit here.###
BOSTON - Wednesday, September 18, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) is proposing regulations aimed at addressing vaping and tobacco use among youth in Boston. Under the proposal, mint and menthol nicotine and tobacco products will only be sold only in verified adult-only tobacco retailers. Staff will now move forward with an engagement process that will include a public comment period and public hearing before a Board of Health vote to approve the amendments."Teen vaping is an epidemic that is particularly alarming because we know that nicotine use at a young age can have the power to lead to a lifelong dependency. The data is undeniable in showing that these amendments would save lives," said Mayor Walsh. "I believe that now is the time to act, and I thank our public health staff for bringing forward a proposal that will ensure Boston has some of the strongest regulations in the country to protect our young people."Boston continues to be a leader at taking steps at the local level to restrict youth access to tobacco and other nicotine products such as e-cigarettes, vapes and "e-juice," making it among the first jurisdictions in the United States to regulate e-cigarettes and other nicotine products on equal footing with tobacco. In 2015, the Board of Health increased the sales age for nicotine and tobacco products to 21 and restricted the sale of the majority of flavored tobacco and nicotine products to adult-only tobacco retail locations."On behalf of the Board of Health, I am excited that we are moving to address both the long-standing issue of menthol tobacco use as well as the rapidly-emerging issue of youth nicotine use and vaping," said Manny Lopes, chairman of the Board of Health and chief executive officer of East Boston Neighborhood Health Center (EBNHC). "I applaud Mayor Walsh's leadership on this pressing public health issue and look forward to engaging with the community during the public comment period."Because most e-cigarettes contain nicotine, its use increases the possibility of addiction, particularly to other tobacco products that can cause well-documented health consequences. Vaping products can also cause long-term harm to brain development and respiratory health, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Among high school students who use e-cigarettes, use of any flavored e-cigarettes in 2018 was over 67 percent, and the current use of menthol- or mint-flavored e-cigarettes was over 51 percent.The proposed regulatory amendments also seek to address long-standing disparities in tobacco use patterns and associated mortality from diseases such as heart disease, cancer and stroke. BPHC researchers found that among adults in Boston, black adults suffer the greatest burden of tobacco-related mortality of any ethnic or racial group. Tobacco use is a major contributor to the three leading causes of death among African Americans - heart disease, cancer and stroke.In addition to removing the exemption, the proposal strengthens retailer ID checking requirements and restricts the sale of products that attract young people. BPHC is also supporting Boston Public Schools in efforts to launch a district-wide public awareness prevention campaign focused on youth smoking and vaping, professional development training for teachers and staff, a comprehensive health education curriculum, and referrals to smoking cessation programs.The Mayor's Office of Health and Human Services and BPHC joined with the Codman Square Neighborhood Council and B.O.L.D. Teens to host a community forum on menthol tobacco and vaping in July 2019. More than 150 people, mostly youth, joined together for a conversation about the ways tobacco and nicotine use negatively impacted their health and their communities."Regulatory changes made over the last decade, combined with efforts to build strong partnerships with schools, health centers and other community organizations, have played important roles in reducing smoking among Boston residents," said Boston Public Health Commission Executive Director Monica Valdes Lupi. "The marketing and retail practices of tobacco companies that have been used for decades to infiltrate our communities of color with menthol tobacco products are unacceptable, and the fact that similar tactics are being used now to target our kids with vaping products demands action."Further restricting the sale of menthol tobacco products would likely reduce tobacco use overall and particularly in communities of color, potentially reducing disparities in disease and premature death between Boston neighborhoods, and advancing Mayor Walsh'sImagine Boston 2030goal of reducing disparities in premature mortality between Boston neighborhoods.With the Board's recommendation to proceed, staff will now start a public engagement process that will include a public hearing on November 7 and a public comment period through November 8, 2019. Written comments can be submitted by email toboardofhealth@bphc.org.ABOUT THE BOSTON PUBLIC HEALTH COMMISSIONTheBoston Public Health Commission, one of the country's oldest health department, is an independent public agency providing a wide range of health services and programs. It is governed by a seven-member board of health appointed by the Mayor of Boston.Public service and access to quality health care are the cornerstones of our mission - to protect, preserve, and promote the health and well-being of all Boston residents, particularly those who are most vulnerable. The Commission's more than 40 programs are grouped into six bureaus: Child, Adolescent & Family Health Community Health Initiatives Homeless Services Infectious Disease Recovery Services and Emergency Medical Services.###
BOSTON - Wednesday, September 18, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Registry Department, and the Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) today announced marriage certificates are available online, completing the Registry Department's online services. Death and birth certificates were previously launched online by DoIT in March 2018 and March 2019. This process of obtaining records is an alternative method to attaining the documents in person at City Hall, and records are now available online atboston.gov/registry."Boston City Hall works to serve our residents, and moving this process online makes it easier and more efficient for Boston residents to get the documents they need," said Mayor Walsh. "Our Department of Innovation and Technology is constantly improving our services for residents, and offering crucial documents online is another step in our process to make service better for all."The Registry Department provides vital records to constituents as requested, including birth, marriage and death certificates. These documents can be used to apply for jobs or State services, including a motor vehicle license. Additionally, these resources come in preparation for the October 2020 implementation of the federal requirement of residents to obtain a REAL ID, which requires vital documents to receive."Since we first launched online registry requests, we've seen a 30 percent increase in requests for these records, highlighting the need to bring these services online," said Patty McMahon, City Registrar. "Empowering our residents to access these digital tools has allowed the City to provide a higher level of customer service to those who need extra support. I'm proud to continue this work."Birth certificates requested from the City of Boston are available online for $14 plus fees per copy, which includes shipping costs.Previously, the only online alternative was handled through a state and third-party process that would cost the requester an average of $40+ per transaction. Adding the option to request vital records online is another way the Department of Innovation and Technology has improved resources provided by the City of Boston.About the Department of Innovation and TechnologyTheDepartment of Innovation and Technology(DoIT) works to engage and empower residents by improving convenience of using City resources with up-to-date technology. The department expands digital engagement and services, data and analytics, and broadband, cable and digital equity. The department oversees the development and implementation of new digital tools, open data, Wicked Free Wi-Fi, mobile apps, and cybersecurity practices.###
BOSTON - Monday, September 16, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh, Boston Fire Commissioner Joseph E. Finn, and members of the community gathered today to celebrate the groundbreaking of the first new firehouse built in Boston in over 30 years. The groundbreaking of Engine 42, Rescue 2, District 9 Firehouse, represents a $23.5 million investment for the City of Boston and Roxbury. The City of Boston Public Facilities Department (PFD) in collaboration with the Boston Fire Department (BFD) worked closely with Dore & Whittier Architects to design a 21st century firehouse that provides the best emergency response services to Roxbury, with a focus on the health and wellness of Boston's firefighters."Boston's first responders work each and every day to protect Boston's residents, and as a City, we want to support the health, wellness and safety of those who do the same for us," said Mayor Walsh. "Through its innovative design, this new firehouse will make a significant difference in the health and vitality of our firefighters, and I want to thank Commissioner Finn and all our firefighters for their dedication to our city. I look forward to this new investment in Roxbury serving as a point of pride for many years to come."Mayor Walsh at the groundbreaking celebration of the Engine 42 firehouse.The existing firehouse opened in 1952, and has seen limited capital investment since it was built. The design of the building incorporates the latest methods in protecting Boston firefighters, focusing on health, safety and wellness. The layout of the new building minimizes particulate contaminants from traveling to the living quarters of the building. The new building will be broken into three zones (hot, warm and cold) to keep carcinogens from circulating throughout the house."The City of Boston Fire Department is one of the best in the country, and Mayor Walsh is investing in the lifesaving work my firefighters do every day," said Commissioner Finn. "The investments Mayor Walsh is making in our firehouses, along with purchasing new apparatus, and providing additional training will not only support our firefighters, but give them the tools to better protect the residents of the City of Boston. Cases of occupational related cancer are occurring on an almost weekly basis, the measures taken in the design of this building will help protect the firefighters who put their lives on the line for this City."The futureEngine 42, Rescue 2, District 9 fire house will include:In addition, the City of Boston is commissioning an artist to create a piece of permanent public art to complement the construction of the Engine 42 fire station. This project has a budget of $300,000, and is funded by the City's Percent for Art program, which commissions one percent of the City's capital borrowing for the creation of public art. $13.4 million has been allocated to this program over the next five years. The artwork at Engine 42 will be a site-specific, impactful, focal design feature that aims to enrich the connection between the Boston Fire Department and the surrounding Egleston and Roxbury communities. The City is currently in the contracting phase with the artist, and will announce who was selected soon.In addition to the Engine 42 investment, Mayor Walsh'sfiscal year 2020 (FY20) budgetincludes a significant technology investment in new equipment for the fire department, including the replacement of eight fire trucks for a total of 48 over five years, the replacement of bio packs for tunnel rescue and a brush truck which enables the Boston Fire Department to respond to woodland fires. These investments will help ensure BFD has the tools it needs to respond when called upon. The budget provides another year of funding for a $500,000 program to enable industrial-level cleaning of firehouses. Reducing cancer risk for firefighters and supporting firefighter health and safety continues to be one of Mayor Walsh and the Fire Department's top priorities.Mayor Walsh's FY20-24 Capital Plan will include other health and safety improvements to firehouse projects as a result of recent programming. Starting in FY16, the Fire Department, in conjunction with the Public Facilities Department, studied best practices for firehouse design. Key design changes include defined zones within the firehouse to prevent contamination of living areas, along with improved personal and gear cleaning facilities. The results of this planning are reflected in the replacement of firehouses for Engine 42 in Roxbury and Engine 17 in Dorchester, at a total investment of $48 million. In FY20, the study and design phase will start for replacing Engine 3 in the South End and Engine 37 on Huntington Avenue.Earlier this month, the City of Boston was named arecipient of an Assistance to Firefighters Grant. Through this grant, Boston received one of 166 Assistance to Firefighters Grants that were awarded to cities and towns nationwide. The grant in the amount of $704,510 will assist the Boston Fire Department with wellness and fitness activities.Construction on Engine 42 will start in the coming weeks. During construction, fire operations will relocate to 121 Amory Street, .2 miles from the existing fire station.Rendering of the Engine 42 fire station. For additional renderings, pleaseclick here.###
While this approval means the tower will move forward with its conceptual design, a subcommittee will be responsible for ongoing dialogue regarding the specific design details of the new structure. The project scope,developed by JB Ventures and CBT Architects, calls for the preservation and meticulous restoration of the architecturally significant Massachusetts Avenue and Washington Street facades in addition to the construction of a 13 story tower at the rear of the original structure.Despite the proposed preservation of the street-facing facades, the redevelopment of the Hotel Alexandra is controversial and has prompted both significant support and opposition from the South End community. Preservationists argue that preserving only the facade - commonly known as facadism or facadectomy - results in the loss of the buildings original intention: the craft of the buildings construction, its original use, and its neighborhood scale. Critics also assert that the construction of a modern hotel tower (at aheight higher than the 45-foot limit currently allowed by the citys zoning code) will detract from the character of this portion of the South End/Roxbury streetscape. Although there is disagreement over the best way to preserve the building, both sides can likely agree that the significantly deteriorated state of the building has created an urgent need to salvage what remains of this iconic structure.To understand the rationale of the Commissions decision, it is important to note the entire context of the Alexandras unique condition, specifically that of the interior infrastructure. The building has been abandoned between 40 and 50 years the interior floor plates have the battle scars to prove it. Fire, water, vandals and scrappers have had their way with the property for decades. Preserving and building behind the original facade, while not a best practice, could quite possibly be the last remaining option for the Alexandra. City officials and neighbors alike fear that the landmark will meet the same fate of its former neighbor, the Ivory Bean House. Bostonians will recall that the Ivory Bean house met its date with the wrecking ball in 2011 due to public safety concerns related to the buildings neglect over the years.The Commissions decision to approve the tower addition was not easy there was an extended period of collaboration regarding financial justification, establishing past precedent, and questioning the implications for future precedent. Ultimately, the Commission negotiated a modern architectural addition that maintains the neighborhood street scale utilizing setback, materials and contrast that, when viewed collectively from around the district, are interpreted as two unique structures that emphasize the grandeur of the original architecture. In the end, we as a commission and a community must reflect on the lessons learned from this project should not be forgotten preventative measures to preserve historic structures throughout the city should be taken to prevent similar situations in the future. Intervention by way of mothballing and minimum maintenance is paramount to protecting our built heritage for the future. The citys breakneck pace of development has seen countless examples of older or abandoned structures that were once thought of as outdated are seeing a new life in with the changing ways we live, work and play.
The Aberdeen Architectural Conservation Districts (AACD) seemingly chaotic historic development pattern pushes the limits of good design and modern design materials. Coupled with the misconception that new architecture cannot be built to fit into historic neighborhoods, the task of redevelopment can seem daunting for even the most experienced of architects. How do we integrate new construction with the historic styles of yesteryear? The answer lies in the details. Examining materials, facade treatments, set back, landscaping and height are all ways that designers can create new classics, all while contributing to the continuous evolution of historic, human-scaled neighborhoods. The developers of 40 Mount Hood Road were up for the challenge and have done just that.40 Mount Hood Road is located inBostons Brighton neighborhood. This often overlooked historic neighborhood is one of themost beautiful in Boston, containing winding streets lined with lush landscaped lawns, and a hodgepodge of 19th century single family homes mixed with 20th century apartment buildings. Developed originally as a streetcar suburb in the late nineteenth century, the neighborhood grew along with the popular trends and demand: during the nineteenth century many city dwellers desired to relocate outside the dense city core to the tree-lined streets of the suburbs. Today, the neighborhood of Aberdeen maintains a remarkably intact collection of buildings that represent the newly-emerging development patterns of its time.Stantac worked with CWDG and 1650 Commonwealth LLC to carefully craft a proposal for a large-scale residential development with design details that recall historic materials and design that will help the new construction blend harmoniously with the rest of the district. This development, which was approved at the August 2019 Aberdeen Architectural Conservation District, calls for the demolition of an existing non-contributing 1950s motel complex in order to construct a six-floor, 151-unit residential building complete with outdoor public space and 201 below-grade parking spaces. The building stands out amongst typical redevelopment for its utilization of brick, stone, and double-hung windows. The design details on this 75,000-square foot, irregularly-shaped parcel, help preserve the neighborhood scale, character, and sense of place.Designing a new building in a historic district comes with a number of hurdles, several of which involve satisfying the requirements of multiple city regulatory bodies, including the AACDC. To streamline this process, AACDC held several joint advisory design review with the Boston Civic Design Commission in order to be consistent with a direction forward. With input from various city commissions, the former surface parking lots and mismatched motel architecture will soon host new residential structure that evokes the spirit of the surrounding neighborhood all while supplying the city with desperately needed living units for the areas growing population.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received a complete application to demolish the residence at 55 Meyer Street in Roslindale, 02131.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process.BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of this property, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.onSeptember 27, 2019.
Please join Boston Centers for Youth & Families, and the City of Bostons Public Facilities Department for an information session about upcoming renovations to the BCYF Curley Community Center in South Boston on Monday, September 30 at 6 p.m.The Walsh Administration's investment to the center will include a $15 million dollar major renovation of the existing building that supports re-programming the interior space and provides resilient protection from future sea level rise.The meeting will be held at BCYF Curley Community Center, M Street entrance, 1663 Columbia Road, South Boston.
BOSTON - Tuesday, September 17, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined the community development agency Urban Edge, elected officials, community leaders and neighbors to celebrate the opening of the Walker Park Apartments and Delphine's Courtyard, consisting of 49 units of affordable family housing and a pocket park in Egleston Square. The City of Boston's Department of Neighborhood Development and the Community Preservation Fund provided more than $2.8 million in total for the new homes and courtyard."Today we celebrate the creation of 49 new affordable homes, a crucial step forward in our goal of preserving our neighborhoods," said Mayor Walsh. "Along with our partners, the City of Boston is making big investments in Egleston Square, increasing opportunity for families and helping us keep housing affordable and accessible. I want to thank Urban Edge and everyone involved in this project for their work in making these new affordable homes possible."Mayor Walsh with members of the Walker family.The Walker Park Apartments redeveloped three formerly vacant or underutilized parcels adjacent to the Egleston Square Branch of the Boston Public Library and in the Egleston Square Main Street District. The development is named for longtime community activist Delphine Walker, whose home stood on one of the development sites. All of the 49 new apartments have been rented to households who earn at or below 60 percent of theArea Median Income (AMI),including eight apartments reserved for families earning 30 percent of AMI or below."Urban Edge is proud that we have led investment in Egleston Square and is doing so in a way that honors the neighborhood's past while providing more opportunities for quality housing for members of the community," said Natacha Dunker, president of Urban Edge's Board of Directors. "We are so grateful to Mayor Walsh, the Department of Neighborhood Development, and all of our funders for their support of this important project.""Today, we celebrate another victory for our city and community: new construction of 49 income-restricted units and 34 off-street parking spots," said State Representative Liz Malia (D-11th Suffolk). "This is exactly the type of housing we need to build in Boston and specifically in the Egleston Square Neighborhood. The face of our community depends on it, and I'm grateful to Urban Edge and the City for having the long-term vision to realize this project and others like it."The Walker Park Apartments now boast 13 one-bedroom, 28 two-bedroom, and eight three-bedroom family apartments, an elevator for accessibility, on-site laundry facilities, on-site parking, and Delphine's Courtyard funded by the Community Preservation Fund. In accordance with state guidelines, funds generated from theCommunity Preservation Actfund for affordable housing, historic preservation, and parks and open space projects."My mother bought her home in Roxbury at a time when many people were not making investments in this community, and she worked with others to strengthen Egleston Square as a neighborhood," said Pamela Walker, daughter of Delphine Walker. "We are so grateful that Urban Edge has honored her by naming both the apartment complex and the courtyard after her.""Since I moved to Walker Park, my life feels different. I can see how my children always have a smile on their faces," said Cassandra Amazan, a resident of Walker Park Apartments. "It was a great feeling seeing them choosing their own room and making plans of how they would decorate them. It is not only about having or walking in to my own apartment now, it's about feeling accomplished in many ways and that this is opening new doors for me and my family."In accordance with the City of Boston'sGreen Affordable Housing Program,Walker Park Apartments will utilize a high-efficiency heating system as well as Energy Star rated appliances. The development employs environmentally friendly design features that meets the U.S. Green Building Council LEED Homes Silver certifiable standard. The development also met the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Energy Star standards. The development team is made up of Urban Edge, Prellwitz Chilinski Associates, and NEI General Contracting, Inc.The Walker Park Apartments have been made possible by funding from the City of Boston, and State and Federal Low Income Housing Tax Credits from the Commonwealth's Department of Housing and Community Development (DHCD). Financing team members also included Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Brookline Bank, the Community Economic Development Assistance Corporation, MassDevelopment, MassHousing, Massachusetts Housing Investment Corporation, Massachusetts Housing Partnership, US Bank Corporation, and the US Department of Housing and Urban Development.Walker Park Apartments strongly aligns with the City's housing goals outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030. Mayor Walsh recently increased the City's overall housing targets from 53,000 to 69,000 new units by 2030 to meet Boston's population growth. These updated housing goals build on Mayor Walsh's commitment to increasing access to home ownership, preventing displacement and promoting fair and equitable housing access.Since the release of the original Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030 plan in 2014, income-restricted housing stock, designed to increase affordable housing, has grown along with overall new production: nearly 20 percent of housing units are income restricted, and 25 percent of rental units are income restricted. In total, after creating an additional 15,820 units of income-restricted housing, Boston will have nearly 70,000 units of income-restricted housing by 2030.Mayor Walsh's 2019housing security legislative packagefocuses on expanding upon the work that Boston has done to address the region's affordable housing crisis and displacement risks for tenants by proposing new and strengthening current tools to leverage Boston's prosperity and create sustainable wealth opportunities that make Boston a more inclusive and equitable city. The housing security bills proposed seek to help existing tenants, particularly the elderly, remain in their homes, and creates additional funding for affordable housing.For more information on the City's work to create more housing, please visit:Housing A Changing City: Boston 2030.###
EPIC (Empowering People for Inclusive Communities) is a community service and education program for youth with disabilities between the ages of 16-23 that works to prepare young people with disabilities to be actively engaged community leaders through education, leadership development and community service.During this weeks Council meeting, Councilors Wu and Flynn honored and recognized EPIC Service Warriors 2019 class for being ambassadors to their communities and their advocacy to change policies for more access, housing and education.We really admire your courage and perseverance in making sure that everyone is treated with respect and dignity. Im honored to be with you today, said Councilor Flynn to this years Service Warriors class.EPIC Service Warriors meet for one year to participate in community service projects in the Greater Boston Area. By creating the change they want to see in the world, the Service Warriors learn more about local communities and develop practical skills that will help them develop as leaders and pursue future goals.To be a Service Warrior, you must be between the ages of 16-23, have a disability, and be ready to create change in your community and life! For more information, visit the EPIC website.
IMPACT Melanoma, a national non-profit organization dedicated to reducing skin cancer diagnoses across the country, teamed up with the City of Boston, Brigham Health, and Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) to launch a new safety station on City Hall Plaza. The sun safety station is equipped with four multi-facing sunscreen dispensers, a shade inducing umbrella, and storage for backup sunscreen and applicable supplies.Boston was the first city in the country to progressively engage IMPACT Melanomas Practice Safe Skin program, which has been adopted by 42 states, said IMPACT Melanomas Executive Director Deb Girard.Fifteen sunscreen dispensers are currently available at locations around Boston, including Boston Common, the Public Garden, municipal golf courses, and boat houses. The new fleet of 35 additional mobile sunscreen dispensers will also be made available for deployment at various public events next summer.Councilor OMalley, who attended the unveiling of Boston City Halls Sun Safety Station, commented,This expanded program will educate and empower Boston residents and visitors to practice sun safety. He continued, I was proud to have spearheaded the first implementation of sunscreen dispensers, and look forward to seeing them installed at more locations around the City of Boston.The sunscreen dispensers will be available for public use through early October 2019. The program will resume in the spring of 2020 on National Melanoma Day, Monday, May 4, 2020, through continued support from Brigham Health and MGH.
We wanted to take this opportunity mid-month to highlight different supporting resource lists and hotlines for suicide prevention, and community and self-help resources for those seeking to maintain their recovery.Check out last year's post commemorating National Recovery Month and Suicide Prevention Awareness Month for more information.
UNITE HERE Local 26 workers filled the City Council chamber urging all community members and City officials to honor their picket line as they strike to preserve and improve working conditions for the workers of the Battery Wharf Hotel, following a change in ownership that has sought to end efforts to advance social inclusion.The hospitality industry is a major and growing economic force in Boston, with more than 4,000 new hotel rooms permitted, proposed, or in Bostons development pipeline. Union hotels offer Boston residents an opportunity to join the middle class, with housekeeping wages starting at more than $23 an hour, quality healthcare, a pension, a housing program, and secure retirement and legal plans.Councilor Edwards, who believes going on strike is a brave thing to do, said, Standing with you, standing by your side and standing by working families is what we do in Boston. You make us a stronger and better City because of the hard work that you do that is often times unrecognized.Councilor Flynn spoke of the Battery Wharf workers saying, They want to be treated fairly. They want to be treated with respect and dignity. They want a fair wage. They want decent working conditions. They want to make sure their families also have the opportunity for the American dream.The chamber was filled with applauds from the Battery Wharf workers as the Council went on record, passing a resolution in support.
The Council passed a resolution expressing support for children and families of military members and federal workers serving aboard, as well as its opposition to policy changes that infringes on the rights to American citizenship for children of U.S. service members.The Trump administration recently issued a policy change regarding automatic citizenship granted to children born abroad for military members or federal employees serving outside the country. Before the policy change, children born abroad to parents serving in the military or working in the federal government can be considered residing on U.S. soil for immigration purposes and their citizenship is automatically granted provided they meet certain requirements. Yet, this new policy change would make it more difficult for some of these children to automatically become citizens.Councilor Flynn said, This new policy change is making it more stressful and confusing for military members and federal workers serving aboard. These men and women make tremendous sacrifice serving our country [and] these kids that were born on these military bases are just as American as we are, as my family who are a military family as well.Examples of those affected include children adopted by certain service members, children born abroad to parents who are recently naturalized, or to parents who are U.S. citizens, but have not lived in the U.S.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today signed an executive order that prohibits City of Boston employees or their immediate family members from participating in a marijuana business that is currently seeking, or intends to seek, an approval from the City of Boston or its agencies. This executive order builds on Mayor Walsh's commitment to ensuring this new, developing industry is grounded in equity, with a focus on bringing new opportunities to the residents and business owners that have been most impacted by the war on drugs."I am committed to ensuring this new industry is fair, transparent, and equitable for all who wish to participate in it," said Mayor Walsh. "My Administration works closely with businesses and applicants to make sure they get the support they need, and neighborhoods have a voice in the process. This executive order will create a new standard for city employees and remove potential conflicts of interest that may arise as the City continues its work to develop and implement the growing cannabis industry."Under the executive order, no City of Boston employee or immediate family member may participate in a marijuana business that is currently seeking, or intends to seek, an approval from the City of Boston or its agencies.No member of the Zoning Board of Appeal, the Boston Licensing Board, the Boston Public Health Commission, the Boston Zoning Commission, the Boston Planning and Development Agency, or their immediate family members, may participate in a marijuana business that is currently seeking, or intends to seek, an approval from the City of Boston, or its agencies.The Office of Economic Development and any other City employees who participate in any grant of approval from the City of Boston, shall consider the participation of any City employee, or their immediate family members, in a marijuana business to be a negative factor that supports denial of approval of that business.The City of Boston also now mandates cannabis applicants complete a Beneficial Interest Form so that an applicant's business, personal and capital interests are disclosed. With this completed form, the application is signed under the pains and penalties of perjury so if a candidate or company provides false or misleading information, it could lead to a license revocation.
The Shout Syndicate, an innovative collaboration of Boston music and arts industry professionals in partnership with The Boston Foundation and the Mayors Office of Arts & Culture, today announced it has awarded $200,000 in its pilot round of grantmaking to 10 Greater Boston nonprofit arts organizations that focus on creative youth development. The grants were announced at a celebration Thursday afternoon at the Foundation Room/House of Blues Boston, where The Shout Syndicate also announced two new major donors: concert promoters The Bowery Presents and theatre/entertainment company The Emerson Colonial Theatre/The Ambassador Theatre Group.The 10 grantees, chosen for their proven work with youth arts in Greater Boston, include:The pilot round of grants were made possible in part by donations from early backers Don Law/Live Nation New England, film/TV writer/producer Judd Apatow, and international recording artists The Mighty Mighty Bosstones.Congratulations to this first group of grantees, and thank you for your dedication to enhancing creative youth development in Boston, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. The Shout Syndicate has already become a central part of our arts strategy in the City of Boston. Together were making progress in improving access to the arts in and out of schools, and Im grateful to everyone who helped us make it a reality.Each of the 10 nonprofit organizations will receive $20,000 to produce youth-led arts programs in disciplines including music, dance, theatre, and visual/media/literary arts during the 2019-2020 school year. The grants also cover stipends for participating youth to receive hourly wages, so they dont need to choose between an after-school job or an arts program. The ten organizations, known leaders in their fields, operate in Boston neighborhoods including Roxbury, Mission Hill, Jamaica Plain, and Dorchester, as well as in Cambridge and Lynn, Massachusetts."The Boston Foundation is proud to support and partner with The Shout Syndicate on this new funding opportunity," said Paul S. Grogan, President & CEO of The Boston Foundation. "These ten grantees are among the very best organizations in youth arts in our region. We applaud Mayor Walsh for noting the need for a new fund in this sector, and we look forward to seeing the outstanding projects that will come from these grants.""We at Urbano Project are thrilled to be a Shout Syndicate grantee," shared Stella Aguirre McGregor, ExecutiveArtistic Director. "We're proud to be part of this pilot cohort and excited to start our work.Since the initial donors established The Shout Syndicate in 2017, other generous producers and performers have stepped up, including theatre presenter Broadway in Boston, recording artists Frank Turner and Letters to Cleo, and fellow philanthropists, Theo and Paul Epsteins Foundation To Be Named Later and The Boston Foundation."We're glad to join our fellow colleagues in the arts community and support The Shout Syndicate," said Josh Bhatti, Vice President of concert promoter, The Bowery Presents. "We feel its importantto do our part in the community, and support arts opportunities for Greater Boston youth."The slate of planned projects for 2019-2020 includes a city-wide youth publication in Boston, public art murals in Lynn, original dance choreography, a history of hip hop in Cambridge, original music recordings in East Boston and Roxbury, original LGBTQ theatre, and more. Teens will create their projects with support from arts leaders and teaching artists, and in the spring of 2020 each grantee will share their cumulative work with the public.We are grateful that Boston now has The Shout Syndicate as an advocate and resource for young people exploring the arts," shared EricaLynnSchwartz, General Manager of The Emerson Colonial Theatre/Ambassador Theatre Group. "Weregrateful for the opportunityto come aboard as a new partnerto assist in this effort."
Special events taking place on Saturday, September 14, and Sunday, September 15, will impact traffic and parking in Boston and require the implementation of temporary restrictions. People coming into Boston to attend are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Saturday, September 14The Dance Mile, a Hub on Wheels related event, will begin at 12:55 PM when 1,000 participants exit City Hall Plaza, turn right onto Cambridge Street, right onto New Sudbury Street, right onto Congress Street, right onto state Street, continuing onto Court Street, right onto Cambridge Street, ending at City Hall Plaza. Traffic impacts should be anticipated through 2 PM.East Broadway, between I Street and L Street, will be closed to traffic from 8 AM to 6 PM for the South Boston Street Festival.Tow Zone No Stopping Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Sunday, September 15Hub on Wheels will begin at 8 AM on Congress Street at City Hall Plaza. An estimated 4,000 people are expected to participate in either a 10 mile route or a 40 mile route. Vehicles will be excluded from the 10 mile route only which is expected to finish by 12 Noon. The 10 mile route is as follows:Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday & Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Open Newbury Street will require the closing of Newbury Street, from Arlington Street to Massachusetts Avenue, from 9:30 AM to 6:15 PM. Cross streets will remain open to vehicular traffic with the exception of Exeter Street, Fairfield Street, Gloucester Street and Hereford Street.No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Boston Local Food Festival will require the closing of Milk Street, between Atlantic Avenue and Surface Road, from 7 AM to 8 PM.The South Street Diner Street Festival will require the closing of South Street, between Beach Street and Kneeland Street, from 6 AM to 8 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 6 AM to 8 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Border Street, East Boston, from Lexington Street to Saratoga Street, and including Central Square, will be closed to traffic from 12 PM to 7 PM for the Mexican Independence Festival.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 8 AM to 7 PM parking restrictions will be in effect from 8 AM to 7 PM.The Latin Quarter World Fair will require the closing of Creighton Street, Jamaica Plain, from Centre Street to Bynner Street, between 9 AM and 8 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 9 AM to 8 PM parking restrictions will be in effect from 9 AM to 8 PM.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined members of the Boston City Council, community residents and advocates as he signed "An Act to Further Leverage Commercial Development to Build Housing, Create Jobs, and Preserve Inclusionary Development." This Home Rule Petition enables the City of Boston to have more flexibility to fund affordable housing and workforce training through Boston's Linkage program, and will codify the Inclusionary Development Policy (IDP) into Boston's Zoning Code to protect the City's ability to create and fund income-restricted housing. Mayor Walsh proposed the Home Rule Petition in January 2019 as part of his2019-2020 legislative package. Following the signing, the proposal will move to the Massachusetts Legislature for approval."We must use every tool we have to leverage Boston's growth to invest in affordable housing and workforce training for our residents," said Mayor Walsh. "I am proud to sign this legislation that addresses one of our most pressing issues in Boston: building more opportunities for all. I thank the City Council and many advocates for helping us take this critical step forward, and look forward to working with the Legislature to quickly move this bill into law."Boston's Linkage program provides funding for affordable housing and workforce training through payments by large-scale commercial real estate development. Under the current law, the Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA) is only allowed to adjust Linkage every three years based on the Consumer Price Index (CPI). Currently, commercial developments over 100,000 square feet pay $10.81 per square foot for housing and jobs Linkage. The money collected is made available through competitive funding rounds administered by the Neighborhood Housing Trust and the City of Boston's Office of Workforce Development.The Home Rule Petition signed today will allow Boston to make adjustments to the required payment and program guidelines, including annual adjustments, allowing for Linkage to be more closely aligned with the market and offering additional opportunities for the creation of affordable housing and workforce development.Since 2014, the City has invested $43 million in housing funding from Linkage that it has leveraged for a total of $723 million in additional public funds across 66 developments. Those projects have created 1,546 new affordable units and preserved 749 existing affordable units. Between 2015 and 2016, Linkage helped more than 2,300 low- and moderate-income residents access job training and education programs. After job placement, graduates of the training programs earned an average wage of $15.23 per hour with 72 percent earning benefits as well."Housing our communities and preparing residents for economic prosperity are critical priorities for the City of Boston," said City Councilor Lydia Edwards. "This legislation will ensure Boston secures lasting affordability for those who live here today as we plan for growth and development in Boston neighborhoods.""Throughout the legislative process, my City Council colleagues and I heard from a range of stakeholders who expressed how this Home Rule Petition would be a specific tool to address the housing crisis in Boston," said City Councilor Michael Flaherty. "This legislation will enable Boston to update the Linkage exaction rates on an annual basis to allow for the City to make adjustments based on the realities of the real estate market. Giving the City more flexibility and local control over the exaction rates is especially important so as we continue to go through an era of rapid growth and development. I join Mayor Walsh and my Council colleagues in advocating to move this bill forward."The bill will now be considered by the State Legislature. Representative KevinHonanof Allston-Brighton and the Chair of the Joint Committee on Housing, will be filing the bill. RepresentativeHonansaid, Linkage fees are a critical tool that help to ensure that the benefits of the citys success are shared by everyone. As Chairman of the Joint Committee on Housing, I am thrilled to see the citys continued commitment to affordable housing.The Home Rule Petition also codifies Boston's Inclusionary Development Policy (IDP) into the Boston Zoning Code. Under the current law, IDP requires that developers of buildings with 10 or more units seeking zoning relief or building on City of Boston owned land set aside a percentage of their on-site units as income-restricted, create off-site income-restricted units, or make a payment to the IDP fund. As the BPDA completes comprehensive planning in Boston's neighborhoods and updates Boston's existing zoning, more market rate residential projects may become as of right and be exempt from IDP requirements. The Home Rule Petition strengthens Boston's IDP as a strategy to capture affordable housing units and funding from projects which are zoning compliant, expanding the work under Mayor Walsh to create and preserve Boston's affordable housing."Workforce development and economic mobility go hand in hand in helping people achieveeconomic self-sufficiency," said Joanne Hilferty, President and CEO of Morgan MemorialGoodwill Industries, which operates MassHire Boston Career Center, and provides job trainingand career services for 7,500 individuals annually. "We applaud Mayor Walsh and the BostonCity Council for their work on strengthening the Linkage Program to create more access to jobtraining and career services for those who need it most."Since the inception of IDP in 2000, the policy has resulted in 2,706 units of stable, income-restricted housing for moderate- and middle-income families, and $154 million in funding. When combined with other affordable housing resources, this funding has supported the completion or preservation of 2,006 additional units of housing, affordable to very low-, low-, and moderate-income households."It is important that the City continues to increase affordable housing options for Boston's households that are rent burdened," said Karen Chen, Executive Director of the Chinatown Progressive Association. "We need to do everything we can to ensure that our low-income residents can remain in their neighborhoods, near their jobs, schools and families. I want to thank the Mayor and the City Council for passing this important home-rule petition and commit that the IDP and Linkage coalitions will work hard to get this bill passed at the State."The BPDA is currently working with outside consultants, the development community and housing and job advocates to explore policy changes to both Linkage and IDP beyond the legislative changes made in the Home Rule Petition.The Mayor's commitment to increasing affordable housing in the City is reflected inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030, Boston's latestquarterly housing report,and the City's overall housing goal of 69,000 new units by 2030. These 69,000 new units include 15,820 new income-restricted units, which would elevate Boston's income-restricted inventory total to 70,000, or one in five of all housing units. In addition, the plan set a goal to preserve 85 percent of Boston's most at-risk privately-owned affordable units, and to purchase 1,000 units of rental housing stock from the speculative market and income-restrict them for perpetuity.ABOUT MAYOR WALSH'S 2019 LEGISLATIVE AGENDAMayor Walsh's legislative agenda continues his administration's work to create greater opportunity for all residents, and serves all people of Massachusetts through its focus on equity. The bills are grouped into different categories: housing security and economic mobility, environment and transportation, education, and health and public safety, and are aimed at ensuring Boston and Massachusetts' growth benefits all communities in the Commonwealth. For more information about the bills and to track the City's advocacy, please visitboston.gov/legislativeagenda.###
BOSTON - Wednesday, September 11, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Lisa Hy as the neighborhood liaison for Chinatown, Downtown and the Leather District. In this role, Lisa will serve as the primary contact for constituents and businesses looking to connect with the Mayor's Officeand will facilitate the delivery of services in collaboration with City departments.Lisa is a proud product of the City of Boston and her experience working with nonprofits and community organizations makes her the perfect person for this position, said Mayor Walsh. Her love of community will fit well with the activism of the Downtown, Chinatown, and Leather District neighborhoods, and Im excited to welcome her into this role.The Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services (ONS) encourages, facilitates and maximizes citizen input and participation through service requests, neighborhood meetings, mailings, and emergency responses. To report non-emergency issues to the City, residents are encouraged to connect with BOS:311 by dialing 3-1-1 or by downloading the free BOS:311 app on iOS or Android platforms.I am very excited and honored to be appointed to this position, said Lisa Hy. Since Mayor Walsh tookoffice in 2014, Ive seen firsthand theAdministrations commitment to work with the Downtown, Chinatown, and Leather District neighborhoods on a variety of important issues, especially constituent issues.Lisa, who is fluent in Cantonese and intermediate in Mandarin, was born and raised in South Boston. She received a bachelor's degree from Suffolk University last year. Prior to this appointment, Lisa worked at Tufts Medical Center in the Community Health Improvement Department. Lisa previously worked for former Councilor Bill Linehan where she was tasked with attending community meetings and providing assistance to constituents and business owners.A current resident of East Boston, Lisa can be found hiking in the Blue Hills or planning her next foreign trip.###
BOSTON - Wednesday, September 11, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Workforce Development (OWD) announced $2.2 million has been awarded to 51 community-based programs that will provide employment, education and economic services to more than 4,000 low-income Boston residents. The funds come to the City of Boston through the federal Community Development Block Grant (CDBG). The awards were celebrated yesterday at Black Market in Roxbury, a first-time recipient of CDBG funding.In Boston, we are fortunate to have organizations that are dedicated to creating economic opportunity for everyone, said Mayor Walsh. Together, these grants are truly a partnership. By providing these organizations with the funding they need, we are investing in our residents, and taking another step forward in closing the equity gap, creating more opportunities for all.For this grant cycle OWD prioritized organizations offering services that give residents access to economic opportunity, including employment training and career readiness, youth development programming, essential language access and economic benefits counseling. The organizations represent nearly every neighborhood in Boston and consist of various competitive program models.Two organizations are receiving funding for the first time this year. Mothers for Justice & Equality, an organization that empowers mothers and youth to challenge the normalization of violence by becoming catalysts for change in their communities, will leverage their CDBG funds to provide educational civic action programming for mothers and youth in Boston. Black Market, a micro-business accelerator program, will use their CDBG funding to employ local vendors at their pop-up market in Roxburys Dudley Square.Our community is full of dreamers and innovators that tend to get overlooked and overshadowed because of the zip code in which they reside, said Kai Grant, owner of Black Market. This money is an investment for their future and the development of an entire ecosystem in Roxbury. We are grateful to assist in the socio-economic uplifting of our neighborhoods.Funding was also made available to Adult Basic Education and English Language programs. These programs offer employment-specific language services that can create pathways to employment for lower-wage Boston residents. The Mujeres Unidas Avanzando (MUA), based in Dorchester, trains Latina women at an on-site phlebotomy lab while integrating language services, job readiness and job placement. Another recipient, Greater Boston Legal Services, will provide free legal representation for Boston residents who need to maintain critical benefits such as housing assistance and childcare vouchers.Recognizing that economic opportunity begins at an early age, Boston Builds Credit, a first-in-the-nation citywide movement to help Boston residents achieve good credit, received CDBG funds to deploy on-site financial coaches at Bunker Hill Community College and Roxbury Community College to help over 400 students with credit building and financial coaching. Of those, 240 students will continue to work one-on-one with qualified coaches to set and attain personal finance goals.Other selected programs, such as Beacon Communities Charitable Fund, provide residents with career readiness training. Beacon Communities Charitable Fund, in partnership with Economic Mobility Pathways (EmPath), will use their CDBG funds to offer a Technology Mobility Action Plan initiative (TMAP) at Boston Housing Authoritys Tierney Learning Center in South Boston. TMAP is a career-development and family support program for low-income heads of households seeking employment in the technology field.Grantees were selected through an open and competitive Request for Proposals (RFP) procurement process with input from both the public and private sectors. The full list of this year's grant recipients can be found below.OrganizationFocusAmountABCDOffers language services and career counseling to adults$70,000.00Artists for HumanitySupports Youth Arts Enterprise program, that employs Boston teens and young adults, ages 14-20, to work with a variety of art media$55,000.00Asian American Civic Association (AACA)Provide unemployed immigrants and native born Boston residents with career services$52,000.00Bay Cove Human ServicesHelps low-income Boston residents with disabilities overcome challenges in accessing, entering and maintaining their place in the workforce$40,000.00BCYF Perkins (in partnership with Catholic Charities)Provides employment-specific language services and workforce readiness resources for Dorchester residents$70,000.00Beacon Communities Charitable FundCreates a Technology Mobility Action Plan initiative, a career development and family support program$55,000.00Black MarketEmpowers under-served entrepreneurs to work as vendors at the pop-up Black Market in Dudley Square$30,000.00Boston Asian Youth Essential ServiceProvides academic and social support services to residents ages 16-26$23,500.00Boston Builds CreditEmploys financial coaches at Bunker Hill Community College and Roxbury Community College$167,500.00Boston Chinatown Neighborhood CenterProvides employment specific language services and English as a Second Language (ESL) job training programs$70,000.00Boston Higher Education Resource Center, Inc. (HERC)Supports first generation Boston Public School high-school students and alumni$40,000.00Boys and Girls Clubs of DorchesterProvide resources for young adults ages 14-24 who reside within Dorchester$40,000.00Casa Myrna VazquezProvides economic stability services for domestic violence survivors ages 18-50$35,000.00Catholic CharitiesSupports Haitian Multi Service Center, Teen Center and Career Center for youth and adults in Dorchester$40,000.00DEAF, INC.Provides participants, ages 65+, with economic benefits counseling$35,000.00East Boston Social CentersSupports Boston Youth Network, a free after-school program serving East Bostons at-risk middle school and high school students$20,000.00Ecumenical Social Action Committee, Inc. (ESAC)Supports Youth Opportunity Collaborative, a program that provides out of school youth with adult basic education and high school equivalency test preparation$35,000.00Fenway CDCProvides residents with benefits counseling, job readiness and training resources$35,000.00Greater Boston Chinese Golden Age CenterHelps fund Asian elder drop-in services for Chinese speaking adults aged 60+$35,000.00Greater Boston Legal ServicesProvides free legal representation for Boston residents who need to maintain critical benefits$35,000.00Haitian American Public Health Initiative (HAPHI)Trains Haitian/Haitian American youth with job readiness services$40,000.00Hyde Square Task ForceSupports Youth in Action program$28,500.00International Institute of New EnglandProvides language services and job skills training for refugees and immigrants$70,000.00Interseminarian Project PlaceSupports Project Places Workforce Development Program to create career pathways for homeless and low-income residents$65,000.00Irish International Immigrant CenterEnrolls low income immigrant and refugee adults in career advancement courses and workshops$20,000.00Jackson Mann Community and School CouncilProvides students with job readinesses resources$20,000.00Jamaica Plain NDCConnects low-income working adults with good job networks$60,000.00Jewish Vocational ServicesProvides language services for low-income non-native English speaking adults$60,000.00JRI/STRIVESupports STRIVE Boston, a program that provides low-income adults with job training and placement$40,000.00La Alianza HispanaProvides funds to the programming at the Aliancianos Senior Center, including benefits counseling and life skills and/or work readiness training$35,000.00Mass. Alliance of Portuguese Speakers (MAPS)Helps low-income residents with job training, placement, and economic benefits counseling$40,000.00Mass. Association for the BlindProvides elderly residents who are blind or visually impaired with peer support services$35,000.00Maverick Landing Community Services (MLCS)Provides adults 18+ with education, training and employment services$35,000.00Mothers for Justice and EqualityProvides educational civic action programming for mothers and youth victimized by violence$10,000.00Mujeres Unidas Avanzando (MUA)Trains Latina women at an on-site phlebotomy lab by integrating language services, job readiness and job placement$80,000.00New England Center for Arts & Technology (NECAT)Support culinary arts job training program for unemployed or underemployed adults$20,000.00Notre Dame Education CenterProvides resources to low-income youth and adults 18+ who wish to achieve financial security$40,000.00Operation ABLEProvides adults with training programs and employment services$50,000.00Partners for Youth With DisabilitiesSupports career readiness programs for young people with disabilities$35,000.00Project HopeSupports Project Hopes workforce development and employer partnership program that helps low-income mothers$60,000.00ROCASupports ROCAs Intervention Model, designed to help high-risk young men leave gangs and enter the workforce$62,000.00SMCWC - Crossroads Family ShelterProvides economic and educational resources for homeless and formerly homeless families$40,000.00Somali Development CenterProvides job readiness workshops, language services for immigrants, refugees, and low-income individuals$30,000.00Southwest Boston Senior Services dba EthosHelps fund benefits counseling and financial support resources for seniors with disabilities$35,000.00St. Francis HouseProvides homeless adults with job readiness skills$40,000.00The Elizabeth Stone HouseSupports programming services at the Elizabeth Stone House in Roxbury$35,000.00Upham's Corner C.C. - Bird Street Community CenterEnrolls low-income youth in job readiness courses$25,000.00West End HouseHelps fund West End Houses Leadership and Career Development program for Boston youth, ages 14-24$50,000.00X-Cel EducationSupports X-Cels post secondary transition program for residents 18+$40,000.00YMCA Training Inc.Provides professional skills training to unemployed adults$55,000.00ZumixOffers hands-on academic programming for low-income youth ages 12-18 in East Boston$30,000.00Total$2,268,500###
The City of Bostons Mayors Office for Immigrant Advancement (MOIA) was one of the first of its kind in the US. Founded in 1998, MOIA gained recognition as a model for other cities. It wasn't until 2008 that offices like MOIA began to grow in number around the country. Today, remains central to Mayor Martin J. Walshs vision for Boston. MOIA works to strengtheMOIA n the ability of immigrants in Boston to take part in the city. This includes the economic, civic, social, and cultural life of the city. They also promote the recognition and public understanding of immigrant contributions to Boston.The lens of language and communication access is vital for MOIA to achieve its mission. MOIA serves a unique population. It includes people who live in the diverse Boston boundaries. But it also includes people who come to Boston to work, go to school, shop, and take part in cultural events. Language can be a significant barrier for these constituents. 17.4% of city residents identify as having a language access need in English. This doesnt even account for the 22.7 million people predicted to visit Boston in 2019.The City must represent and cater to its diverse constituents. An Le is MOIAs Policy and Communications Advisor. He believes language and communications access must be an operational function of City government, not a luxury feature. Le points out that this function is also important for English-speaking immigrants. There are many immigrants who already communicate well in English. But, they may still need clarification for certain information. For example, words such as justice can take on many meanings in different situations. Unfamiliar and complex subjects, like immigration, are at risk of mistranslation. Such topics need context to be clearly communicated. MOIA can help clarify these concepts and jargon to Boston constituents.MOIA serves as a main information center for immigrants. They offer multilingual Immigrant Information Centers in libraries and community centers. They host monthly free immigration consultations with volunteer attorneys. Constituents can request free interpretation services for the clinics a week in advance. They also promote public understanding of immigrant contributions to Boston. MOIAs To Immigrants With Love program is city-wide. It shares stories of immigrants and encourages civic involvement.The first step towards language access in Boston took place through MOIA. Before the 2016 law, MOIA managed two very well known resources. These are the LCA Volunteer Pool and the Professional Vendor Directory. Departments often reached out to MOIA when language services were in need. In 2016, the Mayor wanted to think about language and disability access in a more strategic way. After the 2016 ordinance became law, the LCA team began to plan and create resources. LCA extends tools, trainings and information across all departments. Now, departments no longer need to refer language access cases to MOIA. The City has made a united effort to increase language and communications access. City offices now use translation and interpretation services in their everyday operations. They can respond to in-person interpretation requests, including ASL and Deaf Interpreters. They also have access to Video Remote Interpretation (VRI) for walk-ins. Or, Communication Access Real-time Translation (CART) for longer meetings.MOIA also partners with community organizations to serve constituents. On September 28, hundreds of people will be at Roxbury Crossing for Citizenship Day. This annual event attracts over 350 applicants for U.S. citizenship. Since 2014, 1,444 applicants submitted applications on Citizenship Day. Over 350 volunteers, law students, and attorneys are also expected to show. In a city where 1 in 4 residents is an immigrant, this event matters.Language and communications access are crucial for a successful Citizenship Day. U.S. citizenship applications must be completed in English. Certain applicants aged 50 years or older may be eligible for language exemptions. These are the 50/20 and 55/15 exemptions. But all other applicants must fill out the application themselves in English. Multilingual volunteers pre-screen applicants for the required level of English. They also fulfill American Sign Language (ASL) and Certified Deaf Interpreter requests. Applicants who need more English skills receive information on learning resources.As a collaborating partner, MOIA manages event outreach. They design multilingual materials and advertise the English-language rule to potential applicants. MOIA collaborates with local ethnic media outlets to promote the event. On previous Citizenship Days, some immigrant groups have had lower representation. MOIA addresses this by working with local community groups for outreach support. MOIA even sends out translated appointment reminders to applicants through the AlertBoston system. MOIA and Project Citizenship work together to pool resources. Thus, they are able to plan a united approach.Events like Citizenship Day are important. They show that planning is essential to successful engagement. They show the importance of collaboration. And they show the value of language and communications access. As such, MOIA aims to continue such efforts and programs. They will be a continued presence within the immigrant community and City of Boston as a whole.The Office of Language and Communication Access works to strengthen the City of Boston so that services, programs and activities are meaningfully accessible to all constituents. To learn more, visit theLanguage and Communications Access website.
For many major holidays, the City sends out a graphic or message on our social channels depicting a custom "B". With hundreds of holidays, our designers arent able to create custom artwork for every single one. Thats where the artists of Boston come in.Last year, we askedlocal artists, students, and residents to choose a holiday and create an idea for a custom "B". We loved the results and were able to feature11 new designs in 2019:We're putting out the call again for 2020. Send us a design for your holiday of choice. Representatives from the Digital Team, the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, and other City departments will review each proposal.When we select projects, we may work with some of the selected artists to make changes to their design. We plan toselect up to 25 proposals.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the citywide expansion ofBoston Saves, the City of Boston's children's savings account program, to all K2 kindergartners enrolled in Boston Public Schools (BPS). The program will provide each student with an account automatically seeded with $50 that can be used to support their future college or career training."Throughout its three-year pilot program, Boston Saves has proven to be an essential part of providing families with the tools to save for their children's post-secondary future," said Mayor Walsh. "I am pleased to announce the citywide expansion of Boston Saves, providing more families with these resources and strengthening the investment we are making in Boston's youth.""Every child deserves to hear the message 'We believe in you and you can do anything' from the first minute they walk through our school doors," said Boston Public Schools Superintendent Brenda Cassellius. "The Boston Saves program helps us send that message and is a valuable resource to help families get a jump start on planning for their child's future. I encourage every family whose child is entering kindergarten this year to participate so they can take advantage of all of the wonderful benefits of the program."Boston Saves aims to increase college and career access by supporting families in saving and planning for their children's futures. In addition to a children's savings account, Boston Saves also provides opportunities for families to earn more money for their child, an online platform to track savings progress, and fun community events to make financial saving and planning easier.Starting this fall, each K2 kindergartner enrolled in BPS will automatically receive a Boston Saves account with $50 to help build their future. The money in this account can be used to help pay for the costs of college or career training when a student finishes high school.Research has shown that the mere presence of savings can motivate post-secondary success. Inone study, low-income children with less than $500 in an account dedicated to higher education were three times more likely to enroll in college and four times more likely to graduate from college. Achievement of this kind is increasingly important in the Boston job market, where approximately 75 percent of positionsare estimatedto requirecollege or other post-secondary coursework.Families can grow the money in their child's Boston Saves account by earning incentives for specific actions that plan for the future. For example, if a family saves $25 for their child in a three-month period, Boston Saves will add another $5 to their child's account. All told, families can earn up to $65 in incentives for their child's Boston Saves account in the program's first year."My family's participation in the Boston Saves program has brought up important family discussions about college and financial planning early on," said Esmirna Soto, the parent of a student at Roosevelt School, which participated in the Boston Saves pilot. "The experience has been great because the earlier we save, the more our child will benefit over time. He benefits by knowing that we are not only expecting him to attend college or some form of higher education, but that we are also financially planning for it."Families can view their child's Boston Saves account on an online platform, called the Savings Center, which will open later in Fall 2019. When families use this platform to link their own financial account to their child's Boston Saves account, they will be able to track all their savings for their child in one convenient place online.In addition to these opportunities, Boston Saves also provides ongoing support. Program partners, such as nonprofits and financial institutions, offer resources that simplify academic and educational planning. These resources range from financial education activities for students to college planning and credit-building workshops for their families. Peer support is also available through Family Champions, trusted family members in a school community who are trained by Boston Saves. Family Champions are able to explain the program to fellow families and encourage their saving progress - often in families' native languages."My experience with Boston Saves has been wonderful, because I have learned a lot," said Elsa Flores, a Boston Saves Family Champion. "I encourage other families about the importance of saving for their children's university or professional training from the time they are young, and thus help them place their children on the right path to succeed in their future lives."Boston Saves began in 2016 as a pilot program supported by an $800,000 investment from the Eos Foundation, the City of Boston, and other funders. Over the course of the three-year pilot, Boston Saves provided accounts to 1,600 students from 11 BPS schools. Their families were able to build on the $80,000 in these accounts by earning an additional $15,000 in incentives for their children.Boston Saves' program design was developed with the input of BPS families, and this family-centered approach is reflected in the program's high participation rate. Over the course of the pilot, nearly half (43 percent) of all eligible families participated in a Boston Saves event."We are thrilled with the success of the Boston Saves pilot program and even more impressed by the Mayor's commitment to expanding it district-wide so quickly," said Andrea Silbert, president of the Eos Foundation. "Children's savings accounts beginning in kindergarten are a game-changer. Not only do kids and families begin saving money, but these young scholars also get a clear message from the moment they walk into school that the sky is the limit. College or career training will be a part of their journey."While the City of Boston is one of the few major cities with its own children's savings account (CSA) program, CSA programs are growing across the country. Last year alone, the number of children served by CSA programs nationwide grew by 20 percent, according toa recent report. Massachusetts also operates a CSA program,SeedMA Baby Steps, which will be available to all newly born or adopted children in the state starting in 2020.Boston Saves is a collaborative effort of many partners. These partner organizations include:
Special events and construction activity taking place on Saturday, September 7, and Sunday, September 8, will impact traffic and parking in Boston and require the implementation of temporary restrictions. People coming into Boston are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found on the Bluebikes website. Public transit information can be found on the MBTA's website. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.To allow for construction activityin the Bulfinch Triangle the following streets and sidewalks will be closed from 12:00 AM on Saturday, September 7, through 12:00 AM on Monday, September 8.Signage will be in place to direct pedestrians to safe routes. Vehicle operators will be directed to detour routes indicated on the map below: The following streets will be closed to traffic from 7 AM to 6 PM to accommodate the Chinatown Main Street Lantern Festival.A Boston College football game is scheduled for 3:30 PM. Neighborhood residents who do not already have an Allston/Brighton Resident Parking Permit are encouraged to obtain a special resident parking pass that will allow parking in on-street resident parking spaces in the neighborhood during BC football home games this season. Passes may be obtained at the Boston Transportation Department vehicle that will be parked at the intersection of Commonwealth Avenue and St. Thomas More Road. Passes will be available on Friday, September 6, from 4-8 PM, and on Saturday, September 7, from 11:30 AM to 3:30 PM. Residents must present a proof of residency from their Brighton address to receive the one day parking pass.An estimated 1,000 people are expected to participate in The Dimock Center Road to Wellness 5K and 3K which will begin at 9 AM at #41 Dimock Street, Roxbury. Streets along the following routes are expected to be closed between approximately 8:45 AM and 10:30 AM with the roads reopening as the final participants proceed toward the finish line.To accommodate the Bostown Music Festival, Columbus Avenue, from Massachusetts Avenue to Douglas Park, will be closed to traffic from approximately 6 AM to 7 PM. In addition, Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
BOSTON - Thursday, September 5, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a comprehensive review of the city's Zoning Board of Appeal (ZBA) and related processes, in order to ensure that best practices, including strong internal protocols and policies, are in place to best serve applicants in a way that is transparent and accountable to the public. The review will draw upon expertise in all facets of zoning to review best practices in the field, and inform any opportunities moving forward for how to institute even stronger operational controls and accountability at the ZBA."Boston is a city that is booming with economic development, from new companies moving to our city and the creation of housing being at an all-time high-record," said Mayor Walsh. "The pace of our growth is unparalleled to any other time in our city's history, which is a tremendous economic boon for our city, but also brings its own set of challenges. Through this review, I want to make sure that our agencies and staff are best equipped with the knowledge, tools and training they need to do their jobs effectively and to the standard of which they are held."Mayor Walsh has asked Sullivan & Worcester LLP to conduct this comprehensive review beginning with the rules and regulations in place that dictate how the ZBA conducts business on behalf of the residents of Boston, and those with matters before the board."Since taking office, my Administration has worked to level the playing field in the development process in Boston, emphasizing transparency and ensuring broader access and input from the community," said Mayor Walsh. "I recognize that there is always more work to be done to make the business of city government more accessible and transparent to everyone. I am hopeful that we will learn from the findings of this review how else we can better serve our constituencies and implement best practices used in the field."Since taking office in 2014, bringing transparency to every corner of City government has been a pillar of the Walsh Administration. In 2016, after hearing important feedback from the Boston community over the course of two years about the direction of Boston's planning agency, Mayor Walsh launched an effort to overhaul the former Boston Redevelopment Authority's identity. With the intent of better serving the people of Boston and inspiring greater trust and confidence in the city's planning agency, the now Boston Planning & Development Agency reflects the Walsh Administration's commitment to smart and sound urban planning and positive economic development.Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh signed into law a municipal lobbying ordinance that requires lobbyists, lobbyist entities and lobbying clients to register with the Boston City Clerk, and file disclosure statements four times each calendar year. This ordinance brought transparency and accountability to municipal lobbying for the first time in Boston. Before this ordinance was signed into law, lobbyists were only required to register at the state level.About the ZBA:The ZBA is a seven-member entity that is charged with reviewing any development proposal that requires zoning relief. The Board hosts public meeting to hear requests for conditional use permits, zoning variances, and similar zoning relief and takes decisive action on each request.###
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure and outbuildingat 692 Washington Street in Brighton, MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September 14, 2019.
BOSTON - Tuesday, September 3, 2019 - In preparation for the September 24th Preliminary Municipal Election, the City of Boston Election Department is reminding residents that Wednesday, September 4, 2019 is the last day to register to vote and update voting addresses or party affiliations.Individuals can register to vote either in person (until 8:00 p.m.) at City Hall's Boston Election Department in room 241, by mail,online(by 11:59 p.m.) or through the Registry of Motor Vehicles. To be qualified to register to vote, an individual must be at least 18 years of age and a U.S. citizen.The September 24th Preliminary Municipal Election will include candidates who are running for City Councilor At-Large and City Councilor seats for districts five, seven, eight and nine.Absentee applicationsand voting absentee in person are available until September 23, 2019 at 12:00 p.m. in the Elections Department at City Hall. This can be completed on weekdays from 9:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. There are also three weekend sessions available on September 7, 14, and 21 from 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. Absentee ballots are available in Spanish, Chinese and Vietnamese.Polling locations will be open from 7:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. on Election Day on September 24, 2019. Language assistance will be available on Election Day by poll workers in Spanish, Chinese, Vietnamese, Haitian Creole, Cape Verdean Creole, Russian and Portuguese. Poll workers are needed for the coming elections. If interested, applyhere.Polling locations can be foundhere. Due to construction of various city buildings, there are four changes this cycle:WARD/PRECINCTPREVIOUS LOCATIONNEW LOCATIONWard 16, Precinct 8Adams Street Branch Library690 Adams StreetDorchesterAll Saints Parish209 Ashmont StreetDorchesterWard 19, Precincts 10 and 13Roslindale Branch Library4238 Washington StreetRoslindaleRoslindale Community Center6 Cummins HighwayRoslindaleWard 1, Precinct 14Curtis Guild Elementary School5 Ashley StreetEast BostonOrient Heights Community Building38 Vallar RoadEast BostonWard 9, Precinct 4Madison Park ComplexHaynes Community Room735 Shawmut AvenueRoxburyDewitt Center122 Dewitt DriveRoxbury###
As we age, managing our health can be a major source of anxiety. Caring for an older loved one who may need assistance, and tackling the specific challenges that the later stages of life can provide can be stressful. Everything from nutrition, to health care, to finances, to general quality of life can feel like a challenge to navigate. This month, we wanted to take some time to highlight different local resources, community supports, and useful sources of information to help you age in a happier healthier way, or to help you care for an older loved one in your life.Have a healthy and happy fall!
These changes reflect years of discussion about two important issues: how to deepen the impact of our grantmaking, and how to make the grantmaking process more equitable and inclusive. For the first time, general operating grants will only go to organizations with annual budgets under $2 million. We will also now award grants in established amounts, dependent upon organizational budget. Organizations within the same budget range will receive the same amount of funding.The BCC will award up to five grants this year to organizations with budgets of $1-2 million, specifically focusing on those that uniquely serve the Citys arts ecosystem and prioritize cultural diversity, economic diversity, inclusion, and equity, through both their staffing and audiences served. We will no longer be awarding project grants.How did this change come about? Over the last year we developed a working equity statement and piloted a Model Equity Organization designation to honor organizations that exemplify the goals and values of that equity statement. We then took a close look at our grant guidelines in the broader context of arts funding in Boston, which led us to conclude the best way to serve the ecosystem is to focus on small and mid-sized organizations.Over 70% of the arts and culture organizations in Boston have budgets of less than $250,000, and small and mid-sized organizations make up over 85% of arts organizations in our ecosystem. Despite the high number of small and mid-sized organizations in the city, a 2016 study by The Boston Foundation found that "Boston's small and mid-sized arts organizations do not receive significant Foundation support. Foundation giving appears to be skewed toward larger organizations." The same study found that the lack of foundation support puts more stress on small and mid-sized organizations to raise funds through individuals and earned revenue like ticket sales, which drives more risk-averse programming decisions.In addition, although they receive comparatively less support than larger organizations, small to mid-sized organizations are often focused on cultural equity work. The same study found that cultural equity is a priority for Bostons arts organizations, and that small and mid-sized organizations in particular expressed commitment to addressing issues of social justice, equality, and diversity through their work. For these reasons, the Boston Cultural Council has decided to focus on small and mid-sized organizations, because we believe these City grant funds can provide a critical service: supporting an equitable arts ecosystem.As part of this transition, we aim to better understand the small and mid-sized organizations in Boston and how they can be supported. How do we help organizations grow so that they can take advantage of other funding opportunities? What kinds of capacity building and services can the City provide to help organizations achieve sustainability? At the same time, we are in touch with large organizations who have received grants from us in the past to learn more about how we may offer non-monetary support, and weve already generated some interesting ideas. Were excited to continue this multi-year journey to learn about and better support the arts in Boston, and we thank you for your contributions to the City of Bostons dynamic and diverse arts sector.The 2020 grant application closes on October 15. Learn more about our funding strategy and grant guidelines by visiting the Boston Cultural Council website.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture today announced the 2020 applications for Boston Cultural Council Organizational Grants and the Opportunity Fund are now open. Building on Mayor Walshs commitment to expanding and supporting arts in Boston, this years round of funding marks the largest ever with more than $800,000 available to artists and arts organizations.In the City of Boston, we recognize the importance of investing in the arts, and the profound impact creative expression can have on public safety, community engagement, and overall well-being, said Mayor Walsh. Its exciting to be able to support the incredible talent and hard work of Bostons local artists and arts organizations in this way, and I look forward to seeing every neighborhood benefit from these programs.The Boston Cultural Council (BCC) works under the umbrella of the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture to annually distribute funds allocated by the City of Boston and the Mass Cultural Council for local arts and culture programming, and next year it will award general operating grants only to organizations with annual budgets under $2 million.Under a revised grant making approach, organizations may apply for grants up to a set limit, based on their organizational size. If an organization is selected as a recipient, they will receive a grant in one of the following categories:The BCC will award up to five grants this year to organizations with budgets of $1-2 million, specifically focusing on those that uniquely serve the Citys arts ecosystem and prioritize cultural diversity, economic diversity, inclusion, and equity, through both their staffing and audiences served.These changes reflect years of discussion about how to deepen the impact of the BCCs grantmaking, and how to make it more equitable and inclusive. Over 70 percent of the arts and culture organizations in Boston have budgets of less than $250,000, and small and mid-sized organizations make up over 85 percent of arts organizations in the Citys ecosystem. However, a 2016 study by The Boston Foundation found that "Boston's small and mid-sized arts organizations do not receive significant Foundation support. Foundation giving appears to be skewed toward larger organizations." The same study found that cultural equity is a priority for Bostons arts organizations, and that small and mid-sized organizations in particular expressed commitment to addressing issues of social justice, equality, and diversity through their work. For these reasons, the Boston Cultural Council has decided to focus on providing more support to small and mid-sized organizations.As we continue to work toward the goals outlined in the Boston Creates cultural plan, were making a significant effort to address inequity in the City and making opportunities to engage in the arts available to everyone, regardless of race, gender, or socioeconomic background, said Kara Elliott-Ortega, Chief of Arts and Culture. This is one area in which we want to make change, By focusing support on small and mid-sized arts organizations that have historically not had access to funds.Nonprofit cultural organizations with budgets under $2 million whose mission or programming is focused on music, film and video, traditional and folk art, visual art, theater, dance, humanities, literary arts, performing arts, social/civic practice, and multidisciplinary arts are eligible to apply as long as they are based in the City of Boston, or offer programming in one or more of Bostons neighborhoods.BCC members are Boston residents appointed by Mayor Walsh for up to two consecutive three year terms. Council members are selected on the basis of their demonstrated commitment to Bostons cultural community and their knowledge of various arts disciplines.In 2019, the BCC awarded 221 grants totaling $487,000 to 221 Boston arts organizations, making it the most amount of funding ever distributed through this program. The BCC also established an equity statement last year, and for the first time ever awarded an additional Model Equity Organization award of $5,000 each to three organizations, BAMS Fest, Arts Connect International, and Urbano Project.The Opportunity Fund was launched in August 2016 with the goal of supporting individual artists in activities that help them share their work with the public, teach others, continue their professional development and hone their skills. The amount of funding allocated to this program doubled last year to $200,000, and the same amount has been allocated for fiscal year 2020.The Opportunity Fund reopened with a modified structure including grants that are separated into three categories: Artist Career Development, Local Arts Experiences & Events, and a matching MCC Festivals Grant. Artists applying for Local Arts Experiences & Events grants can apply for up to $2,000, while artists applying for Artist Career Development and Matching MCC Festivals Grants can apply for up to $1,000.Including support for more than 220 arts organizations, Mayor Walsh has dedicated over $2.5 million in funding in the past year toward arts programming, by investing in more than 200 individual artists, and 90+ free arts experiences for all residents to enjoy. Over the next five years, the City is also committing $13.4 million to the Percent for Art program. This, combined with $80,000 for temporary public art projects in the next year and several new City staff positions, is the most funding the City has ever dedicated to Bostons arts sector.The deadline to apply for a Boston Cultural Council grant is October 15 and the deadline to apply for the first round of the Opportunity Fund is September 30, 2019.
BOSTON - Tuesday, September 3, 2019 - In recognition of National Preparedness Month, which began on September 1, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston has been selected to receive a $1.4 million Regional Catastrophic Preparedness Grant, issued by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA).Boston was one out of eight cities in the country selected for this grant, and along with the City of San Francisco, received the largest amount awarded of the $10 million program. With this grant funding, Boston aims to build state and local capacity to manage catastrophic incidents, particularly around disaster housing by improving and expanding regional collaboration for catastrophic incident preparedness.I am pleased that the City of Boston has been selected to receive this grant that will allow us to proactively prepare and build up our emergency response to protect our city and our residents," said Mayor Walsh. "National Preparedness Month provides the ideal opportunity for residents to evaluate individual and family plans in the event of an emergency. Resident safety in the City of Boston is non-negotiable and we encourage all residents to take simple, preventative steps to ensure their safety and preparedness."The Office of Emergency Management recognizes the inherent value of collaborative regional planning for catastrophic events. The Office of Emergency Management will serve as the lead for engagement with regional, state and private stakeholders around disaster housing. The grant award will help facilitate those discussions and help inform planning from a regional perspective. The plan aims to use shared interest to help identify ways to leverage stakeholder resources in a coordinated response.Sponsored by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) within the Department of Homeland Security, National Preparedness Month encourages Americans to take steps to prepare for emergencies in their homes, businesses, schools and communities.The Mayor's Office of Emergency Management (OEM) recommends the following measures for National Preparedness Month:Make a Plan: Your family might not be together if a disaster strikes, so it is important to coordinate ahead of time and plan for the following:Create and practice a family communications plan in case you are separated during an emergency.Select a family meeting spot where everyone can go in case you are separated.Learn where the closest emergency shelter is located in your neighborhood. Visit: https://www.boston.gov/departments/emergency-management to access a map of the City of Boston Emergency Shelters.Make a Kit: An emergency supply kit should provide a collection of basic items that household members would need in the event of a disaster. This kit can be used if residents have to leave their homes during an emergency, or in case of an extended power outage.Below is a list of recommended items for an emergency supply kit:Water, one gallon of water per person per day for at least three daysFood, at least a three-day supply of non-perishable foodCan opener for foodFirst aid kitBattery-powered or hand crank radioFlashlight with extra batteriesMoist towelettes and garbage bags for personal sanitationDust mask to help filter contaminated airWrench or pliers to turn off utilitiesSupplies for your pets - water, food, leash and collar.Stay Informed: Reliable and accurate information is essential before, during and after an emergency. Residents are encouraged to connect to the following resources:Visit and enroll in AlertBoston to receive emergency notifications via phone, text or e-mail. Notifications are now available in English, Spanish, French, and Chinese (Hong Kong dialect). Sign up for AlertBostonFollow OEM on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/AlertBoston and Twitter: @AlertBoston for emergency updates.OEM is the agency responsible for ensuring the City of Boston has plans to prevent, protect against, respond to and recover from all types of emergencies and disasters. During emergencies, OEM operates the Emergency Operation Center (EOC) where City agencies gather to share critical information, respond to resource requests and coordinate response for managing an incident.###
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the house and shed at 197-199 Condor Street in East Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September 7, 2019.
BOSTON - Friday, August 30, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a series of events marking September as Recovery Month, a national observance that aims to combat the social stigma around addiction, celebrate recovery, and promote overall awareness."The effects of the opioid epidemic can be felt in every neighborhood in our City, across the Commonwealth, and all over the country," said Mayor Walsh. "Addiction is a serious disease but with support and treatment, we know people can recover and get their lives back on track.This month is dedicated to everyone who has been impacted by substance use disorder, and to the care providers who support people throughout their recovery."The City's Recovery Month programming began this week with a voluntary overdose prevention and naloxone training hosted by the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services and the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) for City employees, following anannouncementthat Boston will have opioid overdose reversal kits in municipal buildings. The kits contain the overdose reversal medication naloxone (Narcan), clear instructions for its use, and other medical supplies to assist individuals who experience an overdose.The training kicked off a series of events throughout Boston aimed at starting community conversations about the effects of the opioid crisis. It is also a time to shine a spotlight on the treatment and services offered here in the City of Boston that make recovery a reality for individuals and families."Every day of the year, we are committed to helping people access the care they need for substance use," said Jennifer Tracey, Director of the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services. "Recovery Month gives us an opportunity to honor those in recovery, and the providers, first responders, and community members that support them and provide hope to those still struggling with substance use.""Recovery Month lauds the contributions of treatment and service providers, and the message that recovery in all its forms is possible," said MOAR Executive Director Maryanne Frangules. "Recovery Month spreads the word that addiction recovery is essential to overall health, prevention works, treatment is effective, people do recover!"In 2018, 181 Boston residents lost their lives to a drug overdose. Tomorrow, Saturday, August 31, 2019, City Hall will be lit purple, the recognized color for drug overdose awareness, to remember the lives lost and to honor all those impacted by overdoses.Events during Recovery Month are free and open to all to attend, and include:Wednesday, September 4 at 9:30 a.m.:Building Trades Stand Down at 450 Summer Street. Hundreds of workers will stop construction to observe a moment of silence honoring the 150 construction workers who die per 100,000 due to opioid addiction.September 9, 2019 at 3:00 p.m.:Overdose Prevention and Naloxone Training at 774 Albany Street. Participants learn about the importance of calling 9-1-1 in the event of an overdose, how to perform rescue breathing and administer nasal Narcan, and treatment options for opioid users.September 16, 2019 at 9:00 a.m.:MOAR and Friends 29th Annual Recovery Month Celebration at City Hall Plaza. Recovery advocates, community leaders, and legislators will come together to rally at City Hall Plaza and march to Faneuil Hall.September 17, 2019 at 6:00 p.m.:Overdose Prevention and Naloxone Training at 774 Albany Street. Participants learn about the importance of calling 9-1-1 in the event of an overdose, how to perform rescue breathing and administer nasal Narcan, and treatment options for opioid users.September 21, 2019 at 5:00 p.m.:Recovery Month Interfaith Serviceat the Islamic Society of Boston Cultural Center. This service will remember and celebrate recovery leaders in our community, and commemorate National Recovery Month.Mayor Walsh, who has been in recovery for more than 20 years, has made expanding access to recovery services in Boston a priority. In his first term, he created the Office of Recovery Services to study substance use in Boston and lead the city's strategy around substance use disorder, addiction and recovery. This is the first municipal recovery office in the nation.The City has taken a comprehensive approach to tackle the opioid epidemic.The City serves people in all stages of the continuum of care, from providing harm reduction services to ensure people can maintain health in various aspects of their lives, to connecting people with beds at treatment programs, to offering outpatient care and long-term peer support.The City of Boston is planning an innovative and holistic recovery campus on Long Island that will expand essential recovery services for the region, fill gaps in the continuum of care and utilize the natural environment to provide a healing space. The City has contracted with Gensler and Ascension Recovery Services to identify the types of services, resources and treatment options that would be best suited for the island and create a master plan for the recovery campus. The draft design for the Long Island bridge was completedearlier this year.Continuing these efforts, the City of Bostonfiled a complaintin Suffolk Superior Court against 13 opioid manufacturers, four distributors, and one local doctor that have contributed to the local opioid epidemic through misleading marketing and reckless dissemination of opioids that has led to thedeaths of more than 832 Boston residents since 2014. As part of the litigation, the City is seeking to recover both past and future damages and injunctive relief associated with addressing the opioid epidemic in Boston.For more information on recovery services in Boston, pleasevisit here.###
Special events taking place from Saturday, August 30, through Monday, September 2, will impact traffic and parking in Boston and require the implementation of temporary restrictions. People coming into Boston to attend are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Saturday, August 31The Straight Pride Parade is scheduled to begin at 12 PM on Boylston Street between Dartmouth and Clarendon Streets. Marchers will proceed on Boylston Street, turn left on Tremont Street, continue onto Cambridge Street to City Hall Plaza. Streets along the route will be closed for the duration of the event, and No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.A Boston College football game is scheduled for 4 PM. Neighborhood residents who do not already have an Allston/Brighton Resident Parking Permit are encouraged to obtain a one day resident parking pass at the Boston Transportation Department vehicle that will be parked at the intersection of Commonwealth Avenue and St. Thomas More Road. Passes will be available on Friday, August 30, from 4-8 PM, and on Saturday, August 31, from 12-4 PM. Residents must present a proof of residency from their Brighton address to receive the one day parking pass.Monday, September 2, 2019The MR8K will begin at 9 AM on Guest Street in Brighton at the Warriors Arena. An estimated 2,000 runners will proceed from Guest Street, to Life Street, left on North Beacon Street, right on Gordon Street, right on Cambridge Street, right on Washington Street, left on Foster Street, right on Commonwealth Avenue westbound, right on Lake Street, left on Washington Street, right on Bigelow Street, right on Faneuil Street, left on Market Street, right on North Beacon Street, left on Life Street, right on Guest Street. The run is expected to be completed by 11 AM.The Labor Day March is scheduled to begin at Copley Square at 12:15 PM. An estimated 500 people will proceed on Boylston Street to the Boston Common. The event is expected to be completed by 1:15 PM.*Please note that the above temporary traffic and parking restrictions are in addition to those implemented this weekend to assist with move-in activity for Bostons college students. Please see: https://www.boston.gov/news/student-move
The plantings will take place in approved locations along the Citys public ways on the weekends of October 25 and November 1. Groups with approved planting locations will be contacted by the Parks Department and given bulb pick-up instructions and dates.Individuals, civic associations, church groups, sports leagues, scout troops, open space advocates, and parks friends are just some examples of the volunteers the Parks Department seeks to help in the BostonBloomswith Daffodils effort. Last year over 100 community groups planted the bulbs distributed by the City.Anyone interested in assisting with planting can fill out a form online atwww.boston.gov/boston-blooms. Groups and individuals are asked to use their own tools. The application deadline is September 20.Participants are also encouraged to take photos of their groups on planting days and share them via social media using the hashtag #Bostonblooms. For more information on BostonBloomswith Daffodils, please call the Parks Department at(617) 961-3013.
BOSTON - Thursday. August 29, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston has agreed to a settlement agreement with Airbnb, establishing Airbnb's responsibilities under the City of Boston's short-term rental ordinance. Under this agreement, Airbnb will help facilitate the widespread adoption of Boston's short-term rental registration system, and will remove listings for illegal short-term rentals from its website. This settlement agreement furthers Mayor Walsh's work to create and preserve affordable housing in Boston, prioritizing affordable homes for all residents."My goal in regulating short-term rentals has always been to responsibly incorporate the growth of the home-share industry into our work to create affordable housing for all by striking a fair balance between preserving housing and allowing Bostonians to benefit from this new industry," said Mayor Walsh. "I'm pleased we were able to reach a settlement with Airbnb, and continue our important work ensuring that Boston remains a home for all residents."Under the terms of the agreement, Boston will continue to require owners to register their units, and continue the City's regulations about which units are eligible to be used as short-term rentals. On September 1, 2019, Airbnb's website will add a function to allow hosts to enter and display their required City-formatted registration number. By December 1, 2019, all listings will be required to display a City-formatted registration number, or the listings will be removed. Airbnb will inform users of the City's short-term rental standards, and work with users to ensure their listings are registered with the City of Boston.In addition, Airbnb will also share key data with the City of Boston, including the listing's unique ID/URL, submitted registration number, unique host ID, listing information, and listing zip code.Finally, under the settlement agreement, the City of Boston will have the power to notify Airbnb of any listing the City believes is ineligible under Boston's short-term rental ordinance. Unless the host complies with Boston's short-term rental registration process in thirty days, Airbnb will remove the listing from its platform.The City of Boston's short-term rental regulations allow for the growth of Boston's home-sharing industry, while including deterrents to prevent operators from monopolizing Boston's housing market with short-term rentals. In addition, the regulations provide a standardized framework for regulating these units that meets the needs of the evolving industry, provides protections for occupants, and minimizes the impact on surrounding neighbors of these units. These regulations only apply to property owners registered with the City to operate a short-term rental in their unit. Non-owner occupants are not permitted to operate short-term rentals in their leased units.The ordinancewill continue to take a three-tiered approach to classifying short-term rental units:Limited Share Unit: consists of a private bedroom or shared space in the owner-operator's primary residence, in which the operator is present during the rental. The fee associated with this classification is $25 per year.Home Share Unit: consists of a whole unit available for a short-term rental at the primary residence of the owner-operator (unit in which operator resides for at least nine months out of a 12 month period). The fee associated with this classification is $200 per year.Owner-Adjacent Unit: consists of an owner-occupied two- or three-family building, in which the owner lists a single secondary unit as a short-term rental. The fee associated with this classification is $200 per year.The regulations also provide protections for the occupants of the short-term rental unit by prohibiting any property with outstanding housing, sanitary, building, fire or zoning code violations from being listed. In addition, the operator is required to provide notice to abutters of a short-term rental unit within 30 days of approved registration.The regulations require the unit to register with the City of Boston each year to verify compliance with the provisions of the ordinance, and pay an annual license fee. Penalties will be incurred by any person who offers an ineligible unit as a short-term rental, fails to register their eligible unit before offering the unit as a short-term rental, or fails to comply with a notice of violation.To date, the Walsh Administration has committed more than $100 million in funding to the creation and preservation of affordable housing. Mayor Walsh's short-term rental policy and this enforcement agreement build on the City's preservation and anti-displacement goals, outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030, Mayor Walsh's housing plan, and the housing goals laid out inImagine Boston 2030, Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years. As part of both plans, Boston has prioritized increasing the overall housing supply, with a focus on creating and preserving affordable housing. In addition, a new source of funding for affordable housing, historic preservation, open space and public recreation was established through passage of the Community Preservation Act in November 2016.This agreement will add on the City's overall housing goal of creating 69,000 new units by 2030, to meet Boston's faster than expected population growth. These 69,000 units include 15,820 income-restricted units, which would elevate Boston's income-restricted inventory total to 70,000, or one in five of all housing units. In addition, the plan set a goal to preserve 85 percent of Boston's most at-risk privately-owned affordable units, and to purchase 1,000 units of rental housing stock from the speculative market and income-restrict them for perpetuity.Mayor Walsh's 2019housing security legislative packagehas continued Boston's focus on expanding upon the work the City has done to address the region's affordable housing crisis and displacement risks for tenants. The housing security bills proposed seek to help existing tenants, particularly older adults, remain in their homes, and creates additional funding for affordable housing.Data shows that the availability of short-term rental units has a direct correlation to housing costs. A2016 studyby UMass Boston found a 0.4 percent increase in rent prices due to increases in AirBNB listings, and a nationwide UCLA study also found a 0.42 percent increase.###
BOSTON - Thursday, August 29, 2019 - In an effort to streamline the move-in process, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today issued general information and tips for new and current residents in advance of September 1, when 70 percent of leases begin in Boston."I am thrilled to welcome new residents and students to the City of Boston, and encourage all residents to take advantage of what the city has to offer," said Mayor Walsh. "From our vibrant cultural scene, to our walkable neighborhoods, there is truly something for everyone here. Thank you for choosing Boston as your new home. We are excited to have you here."Mayor Walsh has implemented the following strategies to make the September 1 move-in process a smoother and more efficient experience for all residents:Residents are encouraged to use Boston 311 to report non-emergency issues. A special "Student Move-In" section has been added to facilitate the reporting of move-in issues. Boston 311 is available through several different platforms, including:Mobile:download the freeBOS:311 appon iOS or AndroidOnline:Boston.gov/311Social media:tweet at@BOS311Phone:Boston 311 can be accessed anywhere within City limits from both landlines and cellphones. Dial 3-1-1 (for those with VoIP and for calls from outside Boston, please dial 617-635-4500)Neighborhood liaisons from theMayor's Office of Neighborhood Services(ONS) will be on-site in various neighborhoods to assist residents with questions or concerns.The Department ofPublic Worksis encouraging landlords to help inform residents when and how to place out trash and recyclables. More information on neighborhood-specific information is available on the City'sTrashDayapp. New residents are also encouraged toRecycle Rightby learning what items youCanandCan'tplace into the recycling bin.TheInspectional Services Department(ISD) will deploy a team of housing, building and environmental inspectors to monitor the neighborhoods, provide information to new residents, and conduct on-the-spot inspections of move-in conditions over the weekend. ISD constituent services liaisons will also be available to provide information.In addition to these initiatives, new residents and movers are encouraged to review the following information to prepare for their moving day:Temporary Traffic and Parking RestrictionsThe student move-in process at Boston's colleges and universities will impact local streets and parking. Temporary traffic and parking restrictions will be in place from August 26 through September 2, and drivers should pay close attention to posted signs. As a reminder, moving trucks are not allowed on Storrow Drive. Boston neighborhoods that will be most affected by the student move-in process are Allston/Brighton, Fenway, Mission Hill and Downtown.See the full list of temporary traffic restrictions here.Moving PermitsResidents must post signs on the street at least two days before moving. The street space reserved must be an actual parking spot. If a car is parked at your reserved spot, call the Boston Police Department at (617) 343-4911. Please inform them it is not an emergency and provide them with the plate number. If the police can't reach the car owner, they will arrange for a tow.For information on how to obtain a permit, pleasevisit here.Trash DisposalDuring the moving process, residents are required to dispose of trash, in compliance with local laws and ordinances. Residents are strongly encouraged to download theTrashDayApp, as the app's "Recycling and Trash Directory" feature provides information on how to properly and legally dispose of large household items.Citations for unsanitary and improper disposal of trash will be issued by Code Enforcement for the Boston Public Works Department. If residents would like to report trash, they may do so through the City's 311 service. Note that improper trash disposal will result in a citation.Inspectional Services Department (ISD) AssistanceOn September 1, ISD staff will be stationed at tables at the Hess Gas Station at 100 Brighton Ave. in Brighton to assist residents with the following:Conducting on-the-spot inspectionsISD will deploy over a dozen inspectors and supervisors throughout neighborhoods with large student populations to conduct emergency and "delivery standard" inspections, and check intake for units subject to the Rental Inspection Ordinance.Tagging Furniture for Harmful Germs and BedbugsDiscarded furniture and mattresses can host harmful germs and infestations such as bedbugs and cockroaches. Discarded and abandoned furniture will be tagged for later removal by PWD.If residents do not want their furniture to be taken or tagged, please make sure you or someone you know looks after the furniture until it is moved safely into a vehicle or apartment.Property OwnersProperty owners are encouraged to register their property for inspection with ISD and supply appropriate trash receptacles. The following is a list of the criteria units must meet upon delivery to a new occupant:Clean, sanitary, and safe unitsPost property owner's contact informationProvide smoke & carbon monoxide detectors.Alert BostonResidents are strongly encouraged to sign up forAlertBostonto receive important notifications, including information on parking bans and emergency updates.For more information, please visitwww.boston.gov/moving.###
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the house and garage at 84 Lagrange Street in West Roxbury, MA 02132.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September 7, 2019.
Student move-in at local colleges and universities will require temporary traffic and parking restrictions in Boston this week through Monday, September 2. Traffic restrictions will establish one way traffic patterns and maximize traffic flow. Parking restrictions will assist with move-in activity.Boston UniversityFriday, August 30 through Monday, September 2Saturday, August 31 and Sunday, September 1Tow Zone No Stopping Aug 31  Sept 1 8AM to 8PMMonday, August 26 through Monday, September 2Tow Zone No Stopping 8AM to 6PMNortheastern UniversityFriday, August 30 through Monday, September 2Tow Zone No Parking August 30 through Sept 2Saturday, August 31 through Monday, September 2Tow Zone No Parking August 31 through September 2, 7AM to 5PMTow Zone No Parking August 31 through September 2Mission HillSunday, September 1Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 9AM to 6PM
By the end of the week, 100 new cases a day were being reported among the sailors at the pier. By the beginning of September, the flu had spread to Bostons civilian population. The below excerpt from Bostons Health Department describes the beginning of the flu outbreak.The epidemic resulted in both an influx of patients and a shortage of staff at City Hospital. Prior to the flu epidemic, the hospital already faced a staff shortage because many of its doctors and nurses were serving in Europe. Student nurses at the hospitals Training School stepped in to fill the gap.The below report from the hospitals Training School for Nurses reported that the Training School went through the most difficult period in its history, practically swept clean of its supervisors and teachers. To the student body we owe much.By the end of 1918, over 4,000 Bostonians died from the flu, compared to 51 deaths the year prior. The below report from Bostons Health Department compares the 1918 deaths to influenza deaths from previous years.The 1918 Spanish Influenza Epidemic spurred research that helped the medical community understand how diseases spread and how to better prepare for and treat the influenza virus. You can read more about the 1918 Influenza Epidemic at the Center for Disease Controls website
BOSTON - Monday, August 26, 2019 - Building on Bostons commitment to ensuring all residents of Boston have equal opportunities and equal rights, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston will reactivate the Human Rights Commission. Bostons Human Rights Commission was established by City ordinance in 1984 to guarantee that all residents are given fair and equal treatment under the law. The Commission has not been active since 1996. The Commission will be led by Executive Director Evandro Carvalho, an attorney who served for five years as a State Representative in the Massachusetts Legislature, representing Boston.
Mayor Walsh is charging the newly created Commission to pay special attention to the needs of Bostons immigrant communities. Both state and federal law provide legal protections and mandate that certain basic services be provided to all people, regardless of their immigration status.
As attacks on human rights continue from the highest levels of our country, here in Boston, were committed to preserving and advancing human rights, including in our immigrant communities, said Mayor Walsh. Im proud to activate this crucial Commission, and look forward to Evandros strong leadership and track record of helping people guide this Commission. The Human Rights Commission can and will play an important part in protecting the rights of all.
The Human Rights Commission is a seven-member body appointed by the Mayor, which was originally created to receive and investigate complaints regarding discrimination relating to the workplace, housing, credit, education, public accommodations and other areas.
The Commission has the power to conduct hearings and call witnesses, and can issue reports and the results of investigations. The Commission also has the power to adopt rules and regulations and recommend legislation to the City Council and the Mayor.
Im honored to be chosen by Mayor Walsh to lead the Human Rights Commission, said Carvalho. At this time in our country, Im proud Boston has doubled down on our commitment to protect and advance the rights of all people. I look forward to continuing to serve the people of our beautiful City in this new capacity. I thank Mayor Walsh for this opportunity.Born in Cabo Verde, Carvalho emigrated to Dorchester at the age of 15. A graduate of Boston Public Schools, Carvalho graduated at the top of his class at Madison Park High, and went to earn degrees from UMass Amherst and Howard University School of Law.
Carvalho began his legal career doing high level internal investigations of large companies and complex litigations at the law firm WilmerHale. Later, as an Assistant District Attorney prosecuting gun crimes in Boston, he saw firsthand the cycles of poverty and violence that put our young men and women in the Criminal Justice System. Carvalho served on the board of Teen Empowerment and volunteered for the Massachusetts Affordable Housing Alliance. Most recently, Carvalho represented the Suffolk 5th District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. He, his wife Ashley, and their daughter Eliana currently live in Dorchester.###
Please join Boston Centers for Youth & Familiesand the City of Bostons Public Facilities Department for an information session about upcoming renovations to the BCYF Paris Street Pool in East Boston on Wednesday, September 25, at 6 p.m.The pool is expected to close for renovations in January 2020. The Walsh Administration's investment to the pool will include a new pool filter room,mechanical and electrical upgrades, modified main entrance and lobby area, building interior and exterior repairs, and other upgrades necessary to make it a more inviting and user-friendly space. The project is expected to take 14 months.The meeting will be held at BCYF Paris Street Community Center across the street from the pool, 112 Paris Street, East Boston.
The site for Faneuil Hall Market had long been a gathering place for Bostons merchants and peddlers. In1824, Mayor Josiah Quincy led a massive project to extend the market and build formal market buildings to house stores and stalls for Bostons merchants.Finished in 1826, the new market was cleaner and more efficient than previous markets. Mayor Quincys efforts were so appreciated that Bostonians began to call the market Quincy Market, even though Mayor Quincy had resisted having the market named after himself.Take a look at these images of minutes from the City Council Joint Committee on the Extension of Faneuil Hall Market. If you're interested in learning more about the extension of Faneuil Hall Market Place, you can view ourGuide to the City Council Committee on the Extension of Faneuil Hall Market records.
Special events taking place on Saturday and Sunday, August 24 and 25, will require street closings and parking restrictions in Boston. People coming into Boston to attend are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Saturday, August 24The JOuvert Parade will begin at 6:30 AM on Talbot Avenue at the intersection of Kerwin Street. Marchers will proceed up Blue Hill Avenue to Glenway Street to the Circuit Drive (Peabody Circle) entrance to Franklin Park.The Caribbean Carnival Parade will begin at 1 PM on Warren Street at Martin Luther King Boulevard. Marchers will proceed from Warren Street to Blue Hill Avenue, ending on at the Circuit Driven (Peabody Circle) entrance to Franklin Park. Formation of this parade will take place on Martin Luther King Boulevard between Warren and Washington Streets. Traffic will be redirected away from the Caribbean Carnival Parade route beginning at 11 AM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday regulations will be in effect as follows.Sunday, August 25Open Newbury Street will require the closing of Newbury Street, from Arlington Street to Massachusetts Avenue, from 9:30 AM to 6:15 PM.No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
From August 31 to September 2, some common moving locations are blocked off to allow for moving truck dropoffs. We have more information on those locations below.
BOSTON - Tuesday, August 20, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment, in partnership with Country 102.5FM radio, will host the fourth annual Country in the City concert on Thursday, September 26 from 7 to 9 p.m. on City Hall Plaza. The concert is free and open to all."Now in its fourth year, Country in the City has been an overwhelming success, welcoming Eli Young Band, Granger Smith, and others. I am excited to continue the tradition this year with a special performance by Hunter Hayes," said Mayor Walsh. "I want to thank Country 102.5 for their partnership in making this concert happen and I look forward to another successful event."Hunter Hayes, a Louisiana native, has achieved over 1.5 billion on-demand career streams globally and three chart-topping singles, including his 5x multi-Platinum crossover single "Wanted," which received a GRAMMY nomination for Best Country Solo Performance. The massive crossover hit, featured on his 2x multi-Platinum debut albumHunter Hayes, is well beyond 120 million streams on Spotify and became his first No. 1 single on the Country Airplay charts, solidifying him as the youngest solo male artist to topBillboard'sHot Country Songs chart in over 40 years. 2019 marks the release of his latest single "Heartbreak" and hisCloser To You20-date headlining tour, which wrapped this past spring.The concert will kick-off with an opening performance by High Valley. Brad and Curtis Rempel are the two brothers that comprise the bluegrass-infected country duo High Valley. Following the breakout success of their 2016 debut album,Dear Life, namely highlighted by the Gold-certified singles "Make You Mine" and "She's With Me," the duo's first Top 10 at country radio, the group won two consecutive ACM nominations for New Vocal Duo or Group. High Valley was soon touring world with artists like Old Dominion and on their own headlining dates."Country 102.5 is once again thrilled to partner with Mayor Walsh to bring country music into the heart of city!" said Dawn Santolucito, Marketing Director at Country 102.5. "We are truly looking forward to having Hunter Hayes live on City Hall Plaza for a free show. We know that this is going to be an amazing show for all those who attend."###
Built with a capital budget that included funding from the Boston College Neighborhood Improvement Fund, this flexible amphitheater can accommodate both small and large events alongside the newly renovated Smith Field. As noted on a plaque at the site, Major General George W. Casey was born on March 9, 1922, in Allston to Dr. John F. Casey and Elizabeth McDermott Casey, the fourth of seven children. The family lived at 94 Franklin Street, approximately 400 yards from the location of the amphitheater. Casey attended Boston Latin School and Harvard University before transferring to the U.S. Military Academy where he was commissioned in 1945.General Casey served in occupation duty in Japan following WWII and in combat during the Korean War, where he received a Silver Star for his actions on Heartbreak Ridge. He was commanding the 1st Cavalry Division on his third tour in Vietnam when he was killed in a helicopter crash with six others en route to Cam Ranh Bay to visit wounded soldiers from the Divisions operations in Cambodia. His awards include the Distinguished Service Medal, Silver Star (3), Distinguished Flying Cross, Bronze Star with Valor device, Purple Heart (2) and Air Medal (8).
The workshops welcome artists of all skill levels to create their own greenspace-inspired masterpieces with instruction and materials provided. This falls featured instructor is Juleen Jones. Ms. Jones has a BFA in Fine Art from Montserrat College of Art as well as a custom painting business called The Artist Touch where she transforms rooms with faux and specialty painting, murals, hand painted furniture, refinishing, and more. All classes are held from 10 a.m. to 12 noon weather permitting. Dates and locations for the workshops are as follows:Saturday, September 7Blackstone Square, 1535 Washington Street, South EndSunday, September 8Medal of Honor Park, 775 East First Street, South Boston (meet at playground)Saturday, September 14Horatio Harris Park, 85 Harris Street, Roxbury (meet at Walnut Avenue and Townsend Street entrance)Sunday, September 15East Boston Greenway, 144 Marginal Street, East Boston (meet at the blue caboose at the intersection of South Bremen Street and Marginal Way)Saturday, September 21Public Garden, 4 Charles Street, Back Bay (meet by Swan Boat dock),Sunday, September 22Symphony Park, 39 Edgerly Road, FenwayFor further information on the workshops and other ParkARTS programs, please call (617) 635-4505 or visit the Parks Department online at www.facebook.com/bostonparksdepartment or www.boston.gov/parks.
BOSTON - Friday, August 16, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release of applications for Community Preservation Act (CPA) funding for fall 2019. The application calls for CPA eligible projects that are ready to begin construction in the next 18 months, bringing new investments in affordable housing, parks and open space, and preservation of historic sites to Boston's neighborhoods. Interested parties should submit their fullapplicationby September 27, 2019."The three components of the Community Preservation Act -- affordable housing, open space, and historic preservation -- connect the past, present, and future of a community," said Mayor Walsh. "I invite residents and organizations to submit their applications for funding and I look forward to recommending great projects that will help us restore history and strengthen our communities."The Community Preservation Fund is capitalized primarily by a one percent property tax-based surcharge on residential and business property tax bills that began in July 2017 after voters adopted the measure in November 2016. Thelast round of CPA awardsin February 2019 funded $34 million to 56 projects across the city, including affordable housing developments and programs, parks and open space, and historic preservation projects consistent with statewide guidelines.The Community Preservation Committee (CPC) is committed to broad community participation, supporting accessible and visible projects that have a positive impact on neighborhoods and residents. CPA staff has been hosting community conversations in various neighborhoods to explain the eligibility requirements and the application process to residents and organizations interested in applying for funding. Following the application deadline, the CPC will meet to review applications and recommend projects to the Mayor and City Council for approval."As a housing developer, community volunteer, lover of historic buildings, and longtime Roxbury resident, I feel honored to be tasked with the challenge of recommending transformative CPA projects to our Mayor and City Council," said Felicia Jacques, chair of the Community Preservation Committee. "Our neighborhoods have not had a boost like this in years, possibly ever. It's thrilling to see CPA signs on fences, buildings, and backstops across the City!"CPA funds contribute to building strong neighborhoods through strategic investments that support affordable housing, open space and historic preservation. Mayor Walshrecently announced the ONE+Boston mortgage, which utilizes $3.8 million in Community Preservation funds to finance a permanent reduction in the interest rate of a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage. The ONE+Boston mortgage product will be offered by the Massachusetts Housing Partnership (MHP) to income-eligible Bostonians buying their first home within the city limits and was supported by the Massachusetts Affordable Housing Alliance (MAHA) and Greater Boston Interfaith Organization (GBIO).In just two years, CPA's impact in Boston includes funding more than 225 units of affordable housing at a range of income levels, new parks and playgrounds, the creation of community gardens and urban farms, and the rescue of historic buildings in nearly every neighborhood. Projects selected in previous application rounds include awarding CPA funds for basketball courts in Roxbury, affordable housing for seniors in East Boston, and preserving the historic home of John Adams' Secretary of War in Charlestown, just to name a few."We've wanted a park in our Dorchester neighborhood forever. The most accessible greenspace now is across busy Talbot Ave to Franklin Field or across Blue Hill Ave to the stone wall around Franklin Park," said Laquisa Burke from the West of Washington Coalition. "They are a long walk, especially with little kids. But thanks to CPA we've purchased three plots of land next to the new Fairmount train station. We'll have a playground, picnic tables, a monarch butterfly garden, and best of all, a place where our neighbors can gather for the annual barbecue!"As part of his2019 legislative agenda, Mayor Walsh has been advocating for adjusting the surcharge on fees for recording deeds to increase the State CPA match, protecting the Act that more than 170 cities and towns depend on for the creation of affordable housing, open space, and historic preservation. When municipalities voted to enact CPA, they did so with the promise of a substantial state match. This year, the match was just 11 percent with a one-time surplus allotment added, but the CPA bill people voted for is no longer the same bill. The FY20 State budget increases the match, raising an estimated additional $36 million in revenue, putting the state match at around 30 percent and allowing us to invest more in our communities.To apply for CPA funding for affordable housing projects, pleasevisit here. For parks and open space projects, pleasevisit here. For historic preservation projects, pleasevisit here.ABOUT THE COMMUNITY PRESERVATION ACT (CPA)After Boston voters adopted the CPA in November 2016, the City created a Community Preservation Fund. This fund is capitalized primarily by a one percent property tax-based surcharge on residential and business property tax bills that began in July 2017. The City uses this revenue to fund initiatives consistent with statewide CPA guidelines: affordable housing, historic preservation, and open space and public recreation. The funding of any project requires a recommendation from the Community Preservation Committee and appropriation by the City. For more information, please visit theCommunity Preservation webpage.###
BOSTON - Thursday, August 15, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Nuestra Comunidad Development Corporation, Windale Developers, Harvard University, elected officials and residents to celebrate the completion of the first phase of the Bartlett Station development, which will transform a vacant lot into a new mixed-use, transit-oriented development. The two buildings that were celebrated with a ribbon cutting today will offer 76 new homes, five units for homeless individuals and 13,300 square feet of community-oriented retail storefronts on a once-vacant MBTA property in Roxbury.Affordable housing is the key to opportunity for families and helps give our residents a good quality of life, said Mayor Walsh. At a time when the federal government is stepping back from investments in affordable housing, Boston and our partners are stepping up. I'm proud of the work that the City, Nuestra Communidad, Windale and all our partners have done to create these new homes and jobs that will continue to keep this a strong, vibrant place to live and work."Todays ribbon cutting represents the culmination of more than a decade of planning, advocacy and hard work by the community to restore an approximately 8-acre former brownfield site in Roxbury. Bartlett Station is a multiphase project which proposes approximately 383 new homes for working families, including 166 homes for purchase, 217 apartments and 30,000 square feet of commercial space upon completion. The development project is anticipated to generate approximately 100 retail jobs and 900 construction jobs, with 60 percent of the jobs going to workers of color.The first two buildings of Bartlett Station celebrated today consist of a 60-unit mixed-income rental apartment building and a 16-unit new condominium building. The apartment building boasts 23 one-bedroom apartments, 30 two-bedroom apartments, and 7 three-bedroom apartments. Two-thirds of the new housing is affordable to workforce individuals and families, including 32 units deemed as affordable to families earning less than 60 percent of Area Median Income (AMI).As a life-long Bostonian, I am truly grateful for the impact Bartlett Station has on our city. This project helps to alleviate the affordability tension in our housing market by creating truly affordable homes for people who may not have had the opportunity to live in Boston, said State Representative Chynah Tyler. We are committed to working to create and preserve even more affordable housing for all of our families to live comfortably. This is why I am pleased to support Mayor Walsh, the City of Boston, Nuestra CDC, Harvard, and all the partners in making Boston affordable for everyone.I was thrilled to celebrate the opening of Bartlett Station, which is providing much needed mixed income housing, including two-thirds affordable and workforce units in Roxbury, said Boston City Councilor Kim Janey, who represents the neighborhood. I want to thank the Mayor and all of the partners that helped us get here, especially Nuestra Communidad, Windale, and all of the residents who have been engaged in this process over the years. Today was a good day!I am proud that Bartlett Station is a transformative, equitable development that is part of our anti displacement strategy for Dudley Square, said Nuestra Comunidad Development Corporation Executive Director David Price. I want to thank all of our many partners for helping to realize our vision to turn a contaminated brownfield eyesore into a new development that has real economic and health benefits for our community.Bartlett Stations unique mixed-income program was designed for working people like me. My family doesnt qualify as low income, but at Bartlett Station I qualified for the middle group, said Joani Torres who lives in the new apartment building. I love that everything is where I need it. The bus stop right in front of our building can take my daughter to school each day, and drop her off at our front door. Were closer to family and my job, and I can just walk to work each day. I want to thank the Mayor and Nuestra Comunidad for making this possible. Were proud to call this beautiful affordable building our home.In addition to new housing, the apartment building has two retail storefronts located along Washington Street. Good Food Markets, slated to open later this year, plans to provide healthy food, hire people from the community, offer job training and career opportunities, and promote healthy food choices to people in Roxbury. Good Food Markets is a nonprofit grocery store dedicated to addressing issues of food access and community health by working in partnership with Nuestra Comunidad, Boston Medical Center, and the Kresge Foundation.Good Food Markets is proud to join the Roxbury community, said Philip Sambol, executive director of Good Food Markets. Good Food Markets is a collaborative effort in the community that transcends food access. The residents and community leaders that we have met over the last three years care about what we care about: a store that is by, of, and for the Roxbury community. Good Food Markets is a retail platform, but the real success is achieved by listening and taking action with our neighbors.Secured by the Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA), the project was made possible in part by $1 million in linkage funds, a payment from large commercial developments for the creation of housing and job training programs, and $1 million in Inclusionary Development Policy (IDP) funds. IDP requires that market-rate housing developments with 10 or more units and need zoning relief contribute to income-restricted housing.Harvard University contributed more than $600,000 in pre-development financing to help develop Bartlett Station. Harvards initiative, formerly known as 20/20/2000, was first launched in 2000 and committed $20 million in low-interest, flexible loans. It has helped leverage more than $1.3 billion in housing developments with more than 5,500 affordable units in Boston and more than 1,600 affordable units in Cambridge. Harvard University recently announced it would recommit $20 million to an initiative aimed at increasing the amount of affordable housing in Greater Boston.Harvard is pleased to renew the Harvard Local Housing Collaborative. We are proud to be part of a community where partners from across Greater Boston come together to strengthen the region and address the urgent need for quality, affordable housing, said Harvard President Larry Bacow. We are grateful to Mayor Walsh, Chief Dillon and all of our partners for their support and their efforts to increase access to homeownership and promote fair and equitable access to housing.The developers of Bartlett Station have deep roots in the Roxbury community. Nuestra Comunidad has a 38-year legacy of creating communities of opportunity, building new community assets, and transforming community through economic development. Nuestra Comunidad has built more than 800 affordable apartments for working families, and built and sold nearly 200 homes that have created wealth and neighborhood stability for Roxbury residents. Windale Developers has an equally long history as a Roxbury developer and contractor, having been a leading developer of homeownership opportunities creating wealth for Roxbury families, and mentoring many local construction companies.The new apartment building is LEED Silver Certified and has many green features for long- term operations and sustainability. It also provides several improvements to the neighborhood such as new sidewalks, handicap accessible ramps, benches, lighting, bike racks, and a new pedestrian plaza and walkway that allows residents and visitors to move easily through the site. The apartment building was designed by Davis Square Architects, constructed by BiltRite, and are managed by Winn Residential. The condominium building was designed by Micheal Washington Associates and built by Crosswinds Construction.The new buildings have been made possible by a contribution from the City of Boston, the City's Neighborhood Housing Trust, the Commonwealths Department of Housing and Community Development, Bank of America, Eastern Bank, Local Initiatives Support Corporation, National Equity Fund, Healthy Neighborhoods Equity Fund, MassDevelopment, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Boston Medical Center, Massachusetts Housing Investment Corporation, Community Economic Development Assistance Corporation, and Enterprise Community Partners.Today's celebration builds on the release of Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030, Boston's latest quarterly housing report, and the City's overall housing goal of 69,000 new units by 2030, to meet Boston's faster than expected population growth. These 69,000 new units include 15,820 new income-restricted units, which would elevate Boston's income-restricted inventory total to 70,000, or one in five of all housing units. In addition, the plan set a goal to preserve 85 percent of Boston's most at-risk privately-owned affordable units, and to purchase 1,000 units of rental housing stock from the speculative market and income-restrict them for perpetuity.Mayor Walsh's 2019 housing security legislative package focuses on expanding upon the work that Boston has done to address the region's affordable housing crisis and displacement risks for tenants. The housing security bills proposed seek to help existing tenants, particularly older adults, remain in their homes, and creates additional funding for affordable housing.###
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 5057-5059 Washington Street in Roslindale, MA 02131.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 24, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 347 Maverick Street in East Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 24, 2019.
With 13 locations, six locations throughout the City of Boston, and two additional locations under construction, Tatte Bakery and Cafe has grown in popularity with Bostons residents and visitors alike. The bakerys irresistible menu, impeccable design, and welcoming atmosphere are reflections of the hard work and vision of founder and CEO Tzurit Or. Or left Israel and came to the United States in 2003 for what she thought would be a couple of years of new experiences, and now 16 years later, she and Tatte are here to stay.When Or immigrated to the U.S. in 2003, she felt like an outsider. Her English was shaky, and she did not feel as though she had a community where she fit in comfortably. She missed feeling connected to people, to her home, and to the good food she was accustomed to both creating and eating in Israel. Or took matters into her own hands, literally, and began baking her favorite pastries to sell at a Copley Square farmers market. Not only did Bostonians enjoy her pastries and her food, but they couldn't get enough, and after only one summer she opened up her first Tatte location in Brookline in 2008.Opening the first Tatte bakery was no easy task. Or faced the challenges of a language barrier, securing a loan, and the inherent loneliness that came with having no family or friends around to offer help or support. However, her persistence has proven worthwhile and says, there is a magic in Tatte which gives me a home and hopefully makes other immigrants feel like they are at home too. She adds, Our customers are often emotionally connected to the space [and the food], and each person has their own favorite location...It provides people with a sense of belonging.Through creating her own home away from home, Or has bolstered communities where everyone can feel comfortable, and this is part of what gives Tatte its widespread appeal.Or has a few words of advice for other entrepreneurs looking to start their own businesses. She urges them to build their knowledge about how businesses function and have a diligent vision. She recalls, my first five or seven years with Tatte I did everything. I baked, I did the payroll, I did everything. Make sure you know how to run a business on your own.In addition to being the owner, Or is also the interior designer for each location. I sketch every Tatte by hand from everything you see with the flow of customers, to where you are sitting now, she says. Or feels as though her involvement in the design of the bakeries allows her to create a welcoming atmosphere, down to every last detail. Or encourages fellow entrepreneurs to seek this level of attention to detail in developing their own businesses.Ors dedication to serving her growing customer base, and sharing her home away from home with them is undeniable. As a woman immigrant, she has been faced with many obstacles and challenges simply due to her identity. Or says I am surrounded by men, but we have a lot of women in the company because women get things done. In my leadership team I believe it is equal with men and women, maybe more women than men actually[...]. Im sure Ive experienced more discrimination than I realize, but I do not let it bother me, I focus on what matters.Tzurit Or is an extraordinary woman and entrepreneur, and her hunger to succeed and provide welcoming communities throughout the city in Tatte is marked by a fierce determination to not let any obstacle hinder her vision.
On August 15, 1870, Bostons Board of Aldermen paid James Doherty a reward for information leading to the capture of Nellie Burns kidnapper. The order as well as other documentation of Nellie's kidnapping were filed in Board of Aldermen's dockets, and eventually came to live at the Boston City Archives.Nellie Burns was kidnapped in April of 1870. Shortly after she disappeared, her family received the below ransom note. It demanded that $200 in unmarked bills be sent immediately to the kidnappers. The note warned that counterfeit or marked bills would not be received and that it would be no use to arrest the person who came to collect the money as they will know nothing about it. The note also demanded that more money be paid after Nellie was released.Boston's Police Department offered a $500 reward leading for information that lead to Nellie's safe return.Were not sure how Nellie was found or how exactly her kidnapper was captured, but we do know that in May of 1870, a woman named Elizabeth Chase was sentence to six years in the House of Correction for Nellie's kidnapping. We also know thaton August 15, 1870, James Doherty collected a $500 reward for information leading to her kidnappers arrest.These records offer a glimpse into a larger story. Like all archival records it takes a researcher to uncover the connection between records and bring them to life. Perhaps one day, one of our researchers will dig deeper into the archival record and learn more about Nellie, Elizabeth, and James' stories.
BOSTON - Wednesday, August 14, 2019 - Building on his commitment to preserve affordable housing in Boston, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined the Fenway Community Development Corporation, their development partner Schochet Companies and Lower Roxbury residents to celebrate the acquisition and preservation of 97 affordable housing units at the Newcastle/Saranac Apartments."Preserving Boston's affordability is key to ensuring everyone who wants to live here can afford to do so, and I'm particularly pleased our commitment to the Newcastle/Saranac Apartments will both preserve and renovate 97 units of our existing affordable housing stock," said Mayor Walsh. "I want to thank the Fenway CDC and our partners for working with us to make sure families can stay in their homes. Together, were protecting long-time residents from displacement, and were helping maintain the character of this community."The preservation of the units is made possible through Inclusionary Development Policy (IDP) off-site unit contributions by three housing development projects: 60 Kilmarnock Street, 1000 Boylston Street, and 212 Stuart Street, negotiated by the Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA). IDP requires that market-rate housing developments with 10 or more units and need zoning relief contribute to income-restricted housing.Newcastle/Saranac has been my home for years, I raised my family here and I love this neighborhood, said Patricia Rogers, a 30-year resident of Newcastle/Saranac Apartments. This building is in at a convenient location, but the best part of living here is my neighbors. We look out for each other. I want to thank the Mayor, Fenway CDC and all of the people here today for helping us stay in our homes.The Citys Department of Neighborhood Development (DND) worked with the Fenway CDC to acquire the building and assist in the plan for the renovation of its 97 apartments, located on Columbus Avenue and Northampton Street in Lower Roxbury. Newcastle Saranac's long-term affordability restrictions were set to expire as the former owners paid off the mortgage they'd received using the MassHousing 13A program. If the building converted to market-rate, all of the tenants were likely to be displaced from homes they had lived in for decades. With help from City of Boston, Fenway CDC was able to purchase the building from its owners, protecting existing tenants from displacement, and preserving the long-term affordability of this mixed-income development.You know the old saying It takes a village? Well, in order to save 97 units of affordable housing at Newcastle/Saranac, it took the City of Boston, the Commonwealth, and numerous quasi-public entities, banks and investors to rescue these apartments, said Leah Camhi, executive director of the Fenway CDC. The families at Newcastle/Saranac are now guaranteed affordable homes for years to come due to all their herculean efforts.The Newcastle/Saranac acquisition and preservation was made possible with the significant support from the Citys Department of Neighborhood Development, the Boston Planning & Development Agency, the States Department of Housing and Community Development, MassDevelopment, MassHousing, Massachusetts Housing Investment Corp and the Community Economic Development Assistance Corporation.Today's celebration builds on the release of Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030, Boston's latest quarterly housing report, and the City's overall housing goal of 69,000 new units by 2030, to meet Boston's faster than expected population growth. These 69,000 new units include 15,820 new income-restricted units, which would elevate Boston's income-restricted inventory total to 70,000, or one in five of all housing units. In addition, the plan set a goal to preserve 85 percent of Boston's most at-risk privately-owned affordable units, and to purchase 1,000 units of rental housing stock from the speculative market and income-restrict them for perpetuity.Mayor Walsh's 2019 housing security legislative package focuses on expanding upon the work that Boston has done to address the region's affordable housing crisis and displacement risks for tenants. The housing security bills proposed seek to help existing tenants, particularly older adults, remain in their homes, and creates additional funding for affordable housing.###
The Dominican Festival and Parade taking place on Sunday, August 18, will require street closings and parking restrictions in Boston. People coming into Boston to attend are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.The Dominican Parade will begin at Noon in Hyde Square and proceed along Centre Street, right to Columbus Avenue, right to Walnut Avenue, ending at Seaver Street.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
Last September, Minh,a Vietnamese-speaking parent, arrived at Samuel Adams Elementary School. Worried but determined, Minh was looking to find a solution for her family. Her son was in programs that supported his disability, but her daughter was not. Her son was able to get picked up and dropped off at their home using the Boston Public Schools (BPS) door-to-door program. But Minhs daughter did not qualify for this program and would need to use a different bus stop. This posed a serious problem for Minh, who could not be in both places at the same time.When Minh arrived at the school, it was difficult to communicate her problem. Minh is comfortable using basic phrases in English, but primarily speaks Vietnamese. When she tried to express her situation in English it became difficult. School Principal Joanna McKeigue Cruz wanted to help, and this required an interpreter.In East Boston, Spanish is the top spoken language after English. The Samuel Adams School had other resources ready and staff who speak Spanish. But, options were very limited for other languages. BPS schools were dependent on in-person interpretation for each language service request. This was the case regardless of the amount of interpretation needed. And, it could take up to two weeks to get in-person support. This was discouraging for families who would otherwise receive immediate help.Fortunately, a telephonic interpretation service became available earlier that day. This on-demand service makes timely interpretation possible in 350 languages. It is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. Interpreters are also available who are familiar with special education laws and policies. Currently, 93% of BPSs translation and interpretation requests involve special education. The BPS Office of English Learners (OEL) made this service possible.Principal McKeigue Cruz hoped this could help her understand Minhs situation. She dialed the service for the first time in real-time. She was able to connect with a Vietnamese interpreter, on the special education line. The matched interpreter was already familiar with Minhs sons needs and options. Within minutes, Minh and McKeigue Cruz were able to understand each other and find a solution. Minh also took the opportunity to ask about at-home ABA services. She felt that these were essential to her sons growth. Her son received more ABA services as a result. Both were thrilled to be able to work together without language or time obstacles.In-person interpreting is often still the most valuable type of interpretation. It is the best for long, complex or technical conversations and planned events. But, the amount of time and human resources needed for it are big barriers. The telephonic service is more efficent for information sharing between families and staff. This supports families who often need more support. It also helps parents rely less on their children to interpret. Reflecting on that day a year ago, Principal McKeigue Cruz says that, all families feel they are able to communicate with us and are included."The Samuel Adams School is not the only one to use the service. It is not the only school in Boston that needs to. 31% of BPS District students identify as English Learners (EL). 21% of total students enrolled in BPS have a disability. There are at least 72 different languages spoken at home by EL students. During the 2018-2019 school year, 21,592 minutes (360 hours) were logged on the service. Thats one and a half hours every business day over the past 12 months.U.S. public schools are legally mandated to communicate information to parents in a language that they understand. This includes any program, service, or activity available to parents who speak English. The OELs Translation and Interpretation Unit (T&I Unit) is key in meeting this mandate. They work to find new ways that BPS can increase language and communications access. The T&I Unit oversees translation and interpretation services for the District. They also translate information into the nine major languages of the District. Translation of other languages is available upon request.Priya Tahiliani, Assistant Superintendent for the Office of English Learners, thanks the Mayors Office for their support. Funding has increased and together they have created shared expectations for this work. This collaboration prioritizes services that did not always get the attention they needed. This is important for a city where 1 in 4 residents is an immigrant. City services like BOS 311, the Mayors hotline, have been using a similar telephonic interpretation service since 2017. Together, they are improving language and communications access for city residents.One of the most ways to be successful, according to Allen Dowling, T&I Unit Director, is parent awareness. OEL has made a large effort to keep parents informed. Every school main office has a kit of translated brochures and posters about parent rights and available resources. They are also available on the BPS website.The T&I Unit handles interpreter training, as well as takes in constant feedback from parents. This year, they hope to launch an official survey for parents about their services. T&I trains interpreters for special education meetings, legal and ethical factors, modes of interpreting, and the role. They also go over the Individualized Education Program (IEP) and student support services. This ensures that families receive high quality and consistent services.So what is coming next? Parents can lookout for American Sign Language (ASL) Video Remote Interpretation (VRI). The Deaf or those hard of hearing who use ASL will be able to use VRI. T&I also plans to improve its system of record (Aspen SIS) to send report cards, progress reports and conduct letters in the nine primary languages.*Minhs name was changed.The City of Boston Office of Language and Communication Access works to strengthen city services, programs and activities to be meaningfully accessible to all residents. To learn more, visit the Language and Communications Access website.
BOSTON - Tuesday, August 13, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined the East Boston Community Development Corporation, residents and elected officials to celebrate the grand opening of Paris Village, an energy-efficient and affordable residential community that features 32 apartments for working families in East Boston. The new apartment building is located on the formerly vacant Salesian Boys & Girls Club site on Paris Street.As demand for housing is increasing in East Boston and throughout the City, were using all kinds of tools and resources to build new housing, said Mayor Walsh. Well continue to keep affordability at the heart of our work to make sure people can continue to live and work in the communities they love. I want to thank our many partners for making Paris Village possible, allowing new generations to live and raise their families here.32 new affordable apartments for families in East BostonParis Village has 21 two-bedroom and 11 three-bedroom family units, an elevator for accessibility, central air, on-site laundry facility, a large community space for programming for residents on the ground floor, a rear courtyard and playground with a play structure for children. It is located in one of Bostons fastest growing neighborhoods, near the newly renovated Boston Centers for Youth & Families Paris Street community center, restaurants, and a variety of arts, cultural and outdoor amenities and activities.We are extremely grateful to Mayor Walsh for providing and supporting the programs and resources needed to rescue families from homeless shelters and to provide affordable housing for families struggling with increasing rental costs, said Albert Caldarelli, president and executive director of the East Boston Community Development Corporation.In accordance with the City of Bostons Green Affordable Housing Program, Paris Village utilizes high-efficiency heating and cooling systems as well as Energy Star rated appliances and environmentally friendly design features. The building earned the distinction of being LEED-Homes Silver certified by the U.S. Green Building Council. The development also met the U.S. Environmental Protection Agencys Energy Star standards.Paris Village has been made possible because of funding from the City of Boston, in part from funds secured by the Boston Planning & Development Agency from private, market rate developments (the Inclusionary Development Policy Fund and the Neighborhood Housing Trust/Linkage Funds), as well as funds from the States Department of Housing and Community Development (DHCD), and construction and permanent loans from Citizens Bank.Today's grand opening builds on the release of Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030, Bostons latest quarterly housing report, and the City's overall housing goal of 69,000 new units by 2030, to meet Boston's faster than expected population growth. These 69,000 new units include 15,820 new income-restricted units, which would elevate Boston's income-restricted inventory total to 70,000, or one in five of all housing units. In addition, the plan set a goal to preserve 85 percent of Boston's most at-risk privately-owned affordable units, and to purchase 1,000 units of rental housing stock from the speculative market and income-restrict them for perpetuity.Mayor Walsh's 2019 housing security legislative package focuses on expanding upon the work that Boston has done to address the region's affordable housing crisis and displacement risks for tenants. The housing security bills proposed seek to help existing tenants, particularly older adults, remain in their homes, and creates additional funding for affordable housing.###
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 7 Saco Street in Dorchester, MA 02122.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 23, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the hospital structure at 1515 Commonwealth Avenue in Brighton, MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 20, 2019.
BOSTON - Friday, August 9, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Boston EMS to celebrate the graduation of 15 Emergency Medical Technician (EMT) recruits, as well as four promotions, in a ceremony at Faneuil Hall. This graduating class will be assigned to 911 ambulances, strengthening the City of Boston's emergency medical services (EMS)."I want to congratulate this class of graduates on joining the ranks of Boston EMS, a proud and historic first responder family," said Mayor Walsh. "Becoming an EMT is a noble calling of public service. During a crisis, our EMTs and paramedics are often the first on the scene and the first to offer immediate help when people are most vulnerable and hurting. We cannot thank them enough for their service to our City."Today's ceremony in front of family, friends and colleagues formally acknowledges 15 recruits' successful completion of a rigorous post-hire training program for EMTs at Boston EMS. The recruits, already state-certified EMTs prior to hire, completed an additional 27 weeks of classroom and field training. Known as "Recruit Class 2019-1" recruits were trained in a variety of emergency situations, including life-threatening emergencies, transportation accidents, recovery services, hazardous materials exposure, human trafficking and mass casualty incidents."Being an EMT or a paramedic on the streets of Boston takes heart, passion and dedication. Today's EMS recruits have all of that and more. I am proud to be here today to celebrate their accomplishments and officially welcome them to the Boston EMS family," said Boston EMS Chief Jim Hooley.The graduating recruit class responded to nearly 2,400 calls during their training across all neighborhoods of Boston. Those emergency incidents included cardiac arrests, motor vehicle accidents, childbirths, shootings, stabbings, overdoses and more."Our EMTs and paramedics are called upon to help people on the worst and most frightening days of their lives," said Boston Public Health Commission Executive Director Monica Valdes Lupi. "I want to thank all of our EMT recruits for choosing to be on medicine's front line not only delivering excellent pre-hospital care but also protecting the safety and health of the public, particularly the most vulnerable."With guidance from veteran EMT field training officers, recruits were not only prepared to provide care to patients, they also now understand the level of care, clinical excellence, and professionalism expected of Boston EMS EMTs.Boston EMS is one of the busiest municipal EMS providers in New England, responding to more than 125,000 emergency medical incidents per year.As a bureau of the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC), Boston EMS is committed to serving Boston's residents through clinical excellence, emergency planning and preparedness, and community outreach."Today's graduates are now part of a larger community of first responders and public servants in Boston whose work is aimed squarely at being there whenever the call comes for help," said Chief of the Mayor's Office of Health and Human Services Marty Martinez. "I offer my sincere thanks and my congratulations to our new EMT graduates. They're answering one of the highest calls to public service and will help bring compassionate care to the people of Boston."In his FY19 budget, Mayor Walsh prioritized funding for 20 additional EMTs, increasing the number of budgeted full-time EMS providers from 375 to 395 for the City of Boston.Mayor Walsh's FY20 budget includes additional resources to promote diversity and recruitment as well as resources to expand the capacity of Boston EMS's Community Assistance Team, also known as Squad 80. Squad 80 is a two-person team that travels in an SUV and answers calls where patients have a low frequency of being transported to the emergency room. Squad 80 frees up city ambulances, making more ambulances available for priority calls that need to get patients to the hospital. It also connects people to our recovery or homeless services and other city programs.About Boston EMSBoston EMS is the primary provider of emergency medical services for the City of Boston and is a nationally recognized leader in the field of pre-hospital emergency medicine. The department leverages the latest advances in both medicine and technology to bring high-quality, compassionate care to the people of Boston. Boston EMS also plays a key role in the City's emergency preparedness efforts and provides community programming designed to educate the public about important health and safety topics.About the Boston Public Health CommissionThe Boston Public Health Commission, one of the country's oldest health departments, is an independent public agency providing a wide range of health services and programs. It is governed by a seven-member board of health appointed by the Mayor of Boston. Public service and access to quality health care are the cornerstones of our mission - to protect, preserve and promote the health and well-being of all Boston residents, particularly those who are most vulnerable. The Commission's more than 40 programs are grouped into 6 bureaus: Emergency Medical Services Child Adolescent & Family Health Community Health Initiatives Homeless Services Infections Disease and Recovery Services.###
BOSTON - Friday, August 9, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the five winners of Bostons Community Grown program, a three-year partnership between the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics, the City of Bostons Department of Neighborhood Development, The Trustees, and TD Bank. The five winning projects will bring people closer to nature and build community connections through group dinners, songwriting and storytelling workshops, and new pop-up neighborhood spaces, expanding the reach of Bostons community gardens. The Community Grown program is part of the City of Bostons Public Space Invitational, a civic design competition that seeks ideas that reimagine and enhance Bostons public spaces.Every year, the annual Public Space Invitational inspires our residents to design creative, innovative projects that help to enhance our neighborhood spaces, said Mayor Walsh. This year, winners focused on creating neighborhood and community spaces that are free and open to all in Bostons community gardens and I look forward to residents enjoying these spaces.In addition to community-driven design projects, the Community Grown program features a series of community-building events and skill-building workshops that will engage up to 40 gardens in six of Bostons neighborhoods over the duration of the partnership."TD recognizes the vital connection between environmental and physical health and that is why we are honored to partner with The Trustees and the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics to elevate the quality of shared green space in Boston's neighborhoods," said Joseph Doolan, Head of Environmental and Community Partnerships at TD.This initiative is a wonderful example of a partnership between a nonprofit, the City and a private corporation that can pool their resources and networks to support urban residents, said Vidya Tikku, Greater Boston Director at The Trustees. As part of this collaboration, local artists and place based innovative programs will connect an audience beyond gardeners to the benefits and joys of community gardens and help strengthen community conversations in our neighborhoods.In 2018, New Urban Mechanics and The Trustees unveiled three community-driven design installations at Nightingale Community Garden in Dorchester, Chilcott & Granada Community Garden in Jamaica Plain and the Fenway Victory Gardens. The installations supported storytelling, community conversations, dinners, performances, and play.The five selected project proposals for 2019 are:Grow Up CuriousLocation: Joe Ciampa Community Garden in East BostonProposed by: Emeline Gaujac and Naomi ShermanGrow up curious is an interactive sensory garden made up of a series of immersive one-sense planters that are meant to teach children and adults about plants. The installation will connect children and families to nature through a playful intervention in an urban setting.Stories from the GardenLocation: Joe Ciampa Community Garden in East BostonProposed by: Anas Azul, Dzidor Azaglo, Kim Barzola, Hassan Ghanny, Sofa Perez, Stephanie Houten, Cameron HawkinsStories from the Garden: A Celebration of Community and the Arts, is an event series where East Boston community members gather to tell stories of their neighborhood and the people that make it thrive. Through a songwriting workshop, a writing workshop, and the creation of a community mural, oral histories become everlasting. Works produced in these workshops are preserved by way of video, photography, and a live recording of the performances at a culminating open mic event.All Who are Hungry, Come in and Eat!Location: Leland St. Community Garden in Jamaica PlainProposed by: Jennie Rose Halperin and Alex AuriemaThrough spaghetti dinners, the project leads will create lasting connections through food, performance, and ephemeral experience. Part potluck, part shared table, part performance space, and part placemaking exercise, the garden will become a community hub for artists, activists, ecologists, musicians, and more. The design team will build a beautiful, communal table for the Leland Community Garden to help build a gathering space for potlucks, gardener meetings, and community discussions.Wheel 'n AroundLocation: Fenway Victory GardensProposed by: Robert BarellaWheeln Around is a mobile installation that aims to spark creativity, generate conversation, and make public spaces more inviting and fun. The installation creates an artful interpretation of gardening supplies and uses them to create unique and fun social gathering spaces. The design reflects the identity of the surrounding neighborhoods and aims to educate the public about the benefits of creating a healthy urban lifestyle through agriculture and community building.Pollinator SummerLocation: Fenway Victory GardensProposed by: Qian Mei and Mike GajdaPollinator Summer invites people to the Fenway Victory Gardens to learn about the importance of pollinators and their impending challenges with climate change. Throughout the growing season, the Fenway Victory Gardens provides a perfect venue to interact with pollinators, hosting different species of butterflies, bees, dragonflies, and birds. Through an interactive exhibit, wayfinding signage, and an event series, explore why pollinators are so crucial to our ecosystem as well as to your dinner table.About Mayors Office of New Urban MechanicsThe Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics serves as the City's innovation incubator, building partnerships between internal agencies and outside entrepreneurs to pilot projects that address resident needs. From community green spaces to Accessory Dwelling Units, their approach to innovation is human-centered, nimble and responsive to the changing needs of our growing City.About The TrusteesFounded by landscape architect Charles Eliot in 1891, The Trustees has, for more than 125 years, been a catalyst for important ideas, endeavors, and progress in Massachusetts. As a steward of distinctive and dynamic places of both historic and cultural value, The Trustees is the nations first preservation and conservation organization, and its landscapes and landmarks continue to inspire discussion, innovation, and action today as they did in the past. We are a nonprofit, supported by members, friends and donors and our 118 sites are destinations for residents, members, and visitors alike, welcoming millions of guests annually.About TD BankTD Bank is committed to driving positive change that enriches the lives of our customers, colleagues and communities. In support of our mission, TD launched The Ready Commitment, which targets $1 billion (CDN) by 2030 toward community giving, in order to maximize our impact in supporting financial security, elevating the quality of our environment, creating opportunities for everyone to participate in their communities, and supporting more equitable health outcomes for all.###
BOSTON - Thursday, August 8, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined with over 200 bipartisan mayors from across the United States in sending a letter to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, urging them to immediately call the Senate back to Washington to take action on bipartisan gun safety legislation. The letter is signed by 229 Republican and Democratic mayors, including Mayor Dee Margo of El Paso, Texas and Mayor Nan Whaley of Dayton, Ohio."Gun reform is action we need to take now, and is long overdue," said Mayor Walsh. "The federal government has the power to enact strong and sensible gun laws, preventing these tragedies from happening. I'm proud to stand with my fellow mayors from across the country to advocate for new laws that will save lives."The letter urges the Senate to consider two bipartisan bills that passed in February of this year by the U.S. House of Representatives: H.R. 8, the Bipartisan Background Check Act of 2019, and H.R. 1112, the Enhanced Background Checks Act of 2019. H.R. 8 would close serious loopholes in the nation's background check system for gun purchases, and H.R. 1112 would lengthen the background check review period deadline. The bills have been awaiting Senate action for nearly six months.Under the leadership of Mayor Walsh and Boston Police Commissioner Commissioner William Gross, the City of Boston and the Boston Police Department are working every day to build and strengthen relationships with the community, in partnership with many other agencies, non-profits, and community based programs. Just this month, Mayor Walsh and Commissioner Gross led Boston's National Night Out, community events that celebrate positive relationships between community members and the local police officers who serve them.Mayor Walsh has made gun violence reduction and combating illegal gun trafficking a public safety priority, through developing and implementing a holistic approach that engages with partners at the federal, state, local and community levels. In 2019, the Boston Police Department has so far removed 459 guns off Boston streets.The full text of the letter is below and can be foundhere.###August 8, 2019The Honorable Mitch McConnellMajority LeaderUnited States SenateWashington, DC 20510The Honorable Charles E. SchumerDemocratic LeaderUnited States SenateWashington, DC 201510Dear Leader McConnell and Leader Schumer:RE: Senate Action Needed NOW on Gun Safety LegislationOn behalf of The United States Conference of Mayors, we urge you to immediately call the Senate back to Washington to take action on bipartisan gun safety legislation.Already in 2019, there have been over 250 mass shootings. The tragic events in El Paso and Dayton this weekend are just the latest reminders that our nation can no longer wait for our federal government to take the actions necessary to prevent people who should not have access to firearms from being able to purchase them.In late February, the House of Representatives passed two bills that would greatly strengthen the background check system:H.R. 8, the Bipartisan Background Check Act of 2019H.R. 1112, the Enhanced Background Checks Act of 2019H.R. 8 passed the House on February 27 on a bipartisan vote of 240-190. It would close serious loopholes in the background check system by:requiring all firearm purchases to undergo a NICS background checkhelping to prevent dangerous individuals from obtaining deadly weapons by circumventing the laws on the booksprohibiting unlicensed transfers of guns through unregulated secondary sales andincreasing law enforcement's ability to trace crime guns.H.R. 1112 passed the House on February 28 on a bipartisan vote of 228-198. If this bill had been law in 2015, the terrible tragedy that occurred at the Emanuel AME Church in Charleston might have been avoided. The bill would extend the background check review period deadline from three to 10 business days, to help ensure that background checks are completed before weapons are sold and that dangerous individuals who should not have them are unable to purchase them.H.R. 8 and H.R. 1112 are bipartisan, sensible gun safety bills that would make our cities and our people safer, and would in no way compromise gun owners' rights.We urge you to call the Senate back to session now to take up and pass these bills to help reduce gun violence and the terrible toll it takes in our cities and our nation.Quick passage of these bills is a critical step to reducing gun violence in our country. The United States Conference of Mayors stands ready to work with Congress, the Administration and others to develop holistic remedies to the scourge of gun violence. America has proven time and again that we can rise to our most difficult challenges. We look forward to working with you to find a way forward to protect our citizens from this senseless carnage.
The Boston Parks and Recreation Department (BPRD), in partnership with the Friends of the Public Garden (the Friends), is collecting public input about the future of the Boston Common through an expansive public engagement process: on the Common, around the City, at open houses/public meetings, and via anonline survey.As Americas first public park, Boston Common is one of the most treasured greenspaces in the world. The overarching goal of the new Master Plan is to create a Common that will serve all people of Boston and visitors while protecting this special place for decades to come.BPRD and the Friends are hosting a series of Park Presence Days on the Common and around the City. A movable kiosk - playfully dubbed the Mini Common - will allow the public to learn more about the master planning effort, provide feedback on the park today, and share ideas for the future. The first round of public outreach will be conducted:Park Presence Day @ the African Festival on Boston CommonMini Common @ Maverick T Station in East BostonMini Common @ Open Newbury on Newbury Street in Back BayPark Presence Day @ Frog Pond Movie Night, Boston CommonMini Common @ Chinatown Main Street Lantern Festival, Chinatown Gate at the GreenwayMini-Common @ Mission Hill Farmers Market, Roxbury CrossingPark Presence Day @ Brewer Fountain, Boston CommonFor more information about the survey, Mini Common events, and open houses planned for the upcoming months, please visit the Boston Common Master plan website. Residents and park users are encouraged to take the Boston Common Master Plan survey. The survey will remain active through December 31, 2019.Boston Common has always been a park by and for the people of our city, said Boston Parks Commissioner Ryan Woods. Thanks to the $28 million Mayor Martin J. Walsh committed from the sale of the Citys Winthrop Square garage, we are now able to augment the current historic levels of funding to fully renovate America's first public park while preserving its rich heritage. We now look forward to the input of residents, business people, institutions, and park users to help shape this master plan as we map out the future of this historic meeting ground in the heart of Boston.Led by Weston & Sampson, the consultant team has been studying the park and meeting with stakeholder groups since April 2019. The Boston Common Master Plan includes the development of a set of principles, goals and objectives to guide the work an inventory of the parks existing conditions and resources an assessment of current and future park needs and the public engagement process that is underway. The final plan will define a strong, clear vision that will celebrate the history of place and craft a comprehensive revitalization strategy for this legacy public open space asset.This outreach process is designed to make sure that the Boston Common truly lives up to its reputation as the peoples park  accessible and welcoming to all, supporting a wide variety of uses that reflect the needs of the community today and into the future, said Liz Vizza, Executive Director of the Friends of the Public Garden. We have a once-in-a-generation opportunity to create a bold plan that ensures this iconic public green space continues to thrive and fulfills the needs of the millions of people who enjoy it every year.We create and maintain clean, green, safe, and accessible public park land and open space throughout Boston. Our department is responsible for 217 parks, playgrounds and athletic fields, twogolfcourses, 65 squares, 17 fountains, 75 game courts, 16 historic and threeactive cemeteries, urbanwilds, fourHigh School Athletic Fields, and approximately125,000 trees, all covering 2,346acres, 1,000 of which comprise the historic Emerald Necklace. We are also responsible formore than 35,000 street trees.The Friends of the Public Garden has worked in partnership with the City of Boston for 49 years to restore, maintain, and advocate for the Boston Common, Public Garden, and Commonwealth Avenue Mall. The three properties are national treasures and they are located in the heart of our city. The Friends help care for 1700 trees, 42 pieces of public art, and more than 50 acres of lawn. In recent years, the organization has completed many capital projects on behalf of the city, including renovation and activation of the Brewer Fountain and Plaza by Park Street Station on the Common and restoration of the George Robert White Memorial fountain in the Garden.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the house and garage at 49 Rogers Street in South Boston.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 15, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the house and garage at 3 Dorset Street in Dorchester, MA 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 15, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the funeral home at 319-327 Chelsea Street inEast Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 15, 2019.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a schedule of events in celebration of NationalFarmersMarket Week, which runs from August 4 - 10, 2019. During this week, theMayor's Office of Food Access(OFA) will highlight and honor the agricultural business of our state, Boston'sfarmersmarkets, the efforts ofmarketorganizers, and the communities and neighborhoods who host thesemarkets."FarmersMarketWeek is about celebrating the dedicatedfarmersandmarket managers that work very hard to make sure our communities in Boston have fresh, healthy food," said Mayor Walsh. "This week is an important opportunity for us to recognize and appreciate the positive impact thatfarmersandfarmers marketshave in our city as contributors to our City's health and vibrancy, and I encourage everyone to visit their localfarmersmarket."As a part of this celebration, OFA has provided grants tofarmersmarketsto host events duringfarmersmarketweek that promote community building, senior living, and access to nutritious food. Awards were granted tofarmers marketsin South Boston, Dorchester, East Boston, Roxbury, Mattapan, and Jamaica Plain, following an application process where each had to submit events relating to healthy food and their commitments to community-building."We are very excited to celebrate the good work thatfarmersmarketsdo in our communities," said Catalina Lpez-Ospina, Director of the Mayor's Office of Food Access. "Our localfarmersmarketscontribute to our individual and community health much more than people realize. The community members that manage and shop atfarmersmarketsacross the City deserve to be celebrated every day, but especially this week. OFA is glad to do all we can to supportfarmersmarketsas they play an important role in creating a more vibrant, inclusive, and affordable food culture in Boston."FarmersMarketWeek builds on the Mayor's Office of Food Access overall goal to connect people to resources they need to access affordable, healthy food. In addition, allfarmersmarketsin the City of Boston are federal SNAP vendors, providing SNAP recipients with a vibrant, inclusive environment in their community where they can obtain food."Themarketprovides jobs for local youth, and makes a very visible promotion for healthy food and active living," said Vickey Siggers, Manager of the Mattapan SquareFarmers'Market. "Ourfarmpartners ensure that the produce sold at our venues is culturally relevant for the diverse communities in Mattapan. The impact of having the Mattapan SquareFarmersMarketbring community building, economic development and, most importantly, food security to a community that don't have access to food security."OFA's second annual celebration is a part of NationalFarmersMarketWeek (NFMW). This annual celebration is made possible by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and theFarmersMarketCoalition (FMC). NFMW allowsfarmersmarketsto take center stage on a national level and is an important opportunity to showcase the impacts ofmarketsto customers, communities, local officials, and legislators.Farmersmarketsoccupy an important presence in Boston's neighborhoods. In neighborhoods with many diverse cultures, themarketsaim to represent all those in their area,making sure that those communities have access to food that may be prevalent to their culture while not necessarily native to Boston.
Where do Boston buses get stuck in traffic? Where do they sail along? If we knew more about how buses travel across the City, could we make bus service better for everyone?The City of Boston does not have direct control over the bus system in the greater Boston area. The bus system is run by the MBTA, a state agency. But, the City does have control over the roads and intersections throughout Boston. We need to make sure that roads and intersections are designed in a way that keeps buses moving along their routes.As part of that effort, the Boston Transportation Department wanted to know where buses were running into trouble. This summer, I was able to use GPS data published by the MBTA to create a heatmap visualization of bus delays. This interactive map will help the Transportation Department find and redesign the intersections that are slowing buses down.While building the visualization for the heatmap, I ran into a few interesting problems.Every MBTA bus is fitted with a GPS tracker. The MBTA provides an API that you can use to find the location of any bus in real time. Unfortunately, you cannot use the API to find out anything about speed. So how can we determine where buses are getting held up using only data about their location? I decided not to visualize speed at all. Instead, what my visualization shows is where buses are most likely to be found at any given time.It might not be immediately obvious why this is a workable substitute for speed. But imagine a bus traveling back and forth along Route 1, which stretches from Harvard Square in Cambridge to Dudley Square in Roxbury. Perhaps it travels slowly along Mass. Ave., where there is lots of traffic, but quickly across the Harvard Bridge over the Charles River. If you had a pencil and a map of Boston, and every five minutes you noted the location of that bus by drawing a little dot on the map, after a day or two you would start to notice that Mass. Ave. has accumulated a higher density of dots than Harvard Bridge. The bus travels more slowly along Mass. Ave., so it spends more time there, and youll find it there more often.This is how my visualization works. I've built an automated data pipeline that pulls in GPS data from the MBTA's API every five minutes. I then use that data to show which streets have accumulated a high density of dots.I wanted the "high density" congested streets to be an angry red color in my visualization. But I realized that I had no clear definition of "high density."I was tempted to use an absolute cutoff. For example, I thought about making every street where buses had appeared more than a certain number of times a "high density" street. The problem with that approach, though, was that it would make the busier bus routes  the ones simply running more buses  look more congested than the less busy bus routes. What I really wanted to visualize instead was where each bus route was congested relative to the rest of the same bus route.In the end, I chose to color each street based on how much of an "outlier" it is, in terms of bus appearances or dots, when compared to the mean across all streets in a bus route. The red streets in my completed visualization are streets that are well above the mean for the bus route. In fact, they are in the top 20 percent of "bad" streets across the City. My summer fellowship with the Analytics Team has only been eight weeks long, but in that time I've learned so many new things. I've developed new technical skills. Before working on this bus route project, I had never used PostGIS, a tool that allows you to express geospatial concepts in your database queries. Now I know more about complex PostGIS queries than I could ever want to know. I've also learned a lot about how Boston City government works and how departments at the City collaborate to improve the lives of Boston residents.If you are thinking about becoming a summer fellow, I encourage you to apply! You'll have an opportunity to learn from some wicked smart data engineers and analysts, of course. But, you'll also have an opportunity to talk to City employees throughout City Hall. The fellowship gives you a behind-the-scenes look at how municipal problem-solving happens here every day.This blog post was written by Sinclair Target, a 2019 summer fellow on the Analytics Team. Hes an MS Candidate in Computational Analysis and Public Policy at the University of Chicago. Check out his website, or connect with him on LinkedIn. Applications for our summer fellowship will open up again in the new year.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture today announced seven temporary public art projects have been selected for the City of Boston's Transformative Public Art program. Mayor Walsh has committed $75,000 to the program as part of the City's record-breaking investment in public art, and artists representing a variety of art forms will carry out projects in eight different neighborhoods."Through this program, we're supporting individual artists, celebrating diverse art forms, and bringing opportunities for public art to communities throughout Boston," said Mayor Walsh. "I look forward to the work of these incredible artists adding to our City's rich and diverse public art."The City of Boston released a call for artists earlier this summer for transformative public artworks, with particular interest in murals and temporary projects with social practice, participatory artmaking, or educational programming that celebrates the diversity of Boston. Thirty artists submitted applications, and the following eight artists were selected to participate:Nick Cave with Now + Therereceived $20,000 for the multimedia public art project "Augment" taking place in the South End and Dorchester. Augment is a singular artwork, a community parade, and a call for Boston to come together in public and cultivate shared joy. The artwork will first be exhibited inside the Boston Center for the Arts Cyclorama in Boston's South End on August 8 and again at 555 Columbia Road in Dorchester on September 18. A public parade on September 14 will connect the two sites and physically carry the artwork from the South End to Dorchester, ending in a multi-organizational street festival with partners DS4Si, Company One Theatre, and Upham's Corner Health Center.Rob "Problak" Gibbsreceived $15,000 to create a mural in Roxbury. Gibbs is a painter, muralist and graffiti artist who was one of six urban teens to co-found the nonprofit Artists For Humanity. Gibbs has conducted art workshops for Girls, Inc., The Boston Foundation, and YouthBuild. He has been a teacher and guest artist at the Eliot Middle School and has provided innovative programming to young men at Rayne Academy. His work has been featured in exhibitions around the country. He was also commissioned by the City of Boston in 2017 to create a mural called "Breathe Life" in Grove Hall, which turned into a three part mural series and was recognized as part of Americans for the Arts' 2019 Public Art Network Year in Review.Victor "Marka27" Quionez with Street Theory Galleryreceived $15,000 to create a mural in the South End. With Liza Quionez, Marka27 is a co-founder of Street Theory, a Creative Studio and Gallery. They both have more than 15 years of experience in education, nonprofit and arts programming. Marka27 conducts workshops and lectures on participatory artmaking and was the keynote speaker for the 2014 graduating class of the Parsons Scholars Program at Parsons School of Design in NYC, utilizing his life, art and work experiences to inspire disadvantaged youth, immigrants, and first generation college students to pursue artistic endeavors. He was also commissioned by the City of Boston in 2017 to create the mural "Love Thyself" as part of the Grove Hall mural series.Brian Beyung with the Chinese Historical Society of New Englandreceived $10,000 to create a mural in Chinatown. Beyung was born in Montreal, to a Chinese-Cambodian refugee family. Trained in graphic design, Beyung is aware of the infinite possibilities that digital technology has to offer. He paints everyday life subjects with a pronounced taste for geometric shapes and graphic design composition. Between figurative and abstract art, he creates dynamic compositions where he deconstructs forms to give a second approach to an image, an idea, or a memory. Over the past five years, he has completed murals and installations in his hometown of Montreal as well as in Cambodia, Haiti, and Lynn, Massachusetts.Samantha Fieldsreceived $5,000 for "desires not even our own", a performative project disassembling one ton of used clothing that cannot be sold in thrift stores to act as a physical representation of material resources, the unseen labor of its makers, and a stand-in for our emotional person. The project will take place in Downtown Crossing over a period of eight weeks this fall. An educator for 22 years, Fields developed her project as a participant in Now +There's Public Art Accelerator. It is a culmination of her teaching experience and art practice, bringing together the classroom, the performative, the sculptural, the curatorial and the participatory.MASARY Studiosreceived $5,000 to create "Water's Edge", a live music and projection piece illuminating narratives surrounding the climate change crisis, in East Boston. MASARY Studios is a team of artists awakening built and natural environments through live music performance and video projection mapping. The three principal members of MASARY have backgrounds that include degrees in fine art, classical and world percussion, as well as years of experience in West African music studies, new music composition, curation and direction, teaching at the university and conservatory levels, and more.Levi Bedall with Pneuhausreceived $5,000 to create a sculpture project in the Back Bay. Pneuhaus is a design collective made up of Matt Muller, Augie Lehrecke, and Levi Bedall focusing on the mastery of all things inflatable. With expertise in both materials and methods, they create spatial designs, temporary structures, contemporary art and large-scale immersive environments. As architects, designers, engineers, and artists, they collaborate on new forms, new ideas and new ways to define public space in ways they hope to be joyful and inspiring.The final designs for all projects will be voted on by the Boston Art Commission prior to installation.This project is part of the City's ten-year cultural plan,Boston Creates, which calls for the creation of public art that embraces a neighborhood's identity and adds to a strong sense of place. The City of Boston is looking to increase its collection and availability of public art by adding new artwork that transforms and enhances our current sense of place, improves the streetscape, and creates an environment that celebrates the City's cultural vibrancy. A map of current public art locations in the City of Boston can be online."These projects reflect the talent and diversity of Boston's neighborhoods," said Kara Elliott-Ortega, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. "We're going to see the City of Boston welcome new public art that creates a sense of belonging, joy, and opportunities for connection.""I am grateful for funding from the City of Boston, which will allow 'desires not even our own' the opportunity to hold free hands-on workshops, lectures and roundtable discussions," said artist Samantha Fields. "These events will offer an in-depth look at the layered and interlocking problem ofAmerican consumer behavior and cultureand empower us to take responsibility as a part of an interconnected ecosystem."In addition to temporary public art, the City of Boston currently has several permanent public art projects underway in Jamaica Plain, Roxbury, and East Boston as part of itsPercent for Art Program, which allocates one percent of the City's planned borrowing toward the creation of public art. The North Square Public Art Project by A+J Art+Design is also being installed in the North End this fall.Building on his continued support of arts and culture in the City of Boston, Mayor Walsh dedicated over $2.5 million in funding in the past year toward arts programming, including support for 220 different arts organization, more than 200 individual artists, and 90+ free arts experiences for all residents to enjoy. Over the next five years, the City is committing $13.4 million to the Percent for Art program. This, combined with $80,000 for temporary public art projects in the next year and several new City staff positions, is the most funding the City has ever dedicated to public art.In this year's budget, Mayor Walsh has also included $250,000 in new grant programs for individual artists and projects, and $489,000 in grants for arts organizations through the Boston Cultural Council, meaning the City's grant funding has more than doubled in the past five years.To learn more about the arts and culture programs and initiatives being spearheaded by the City of Boston, visit the Arts and Culture website.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the City of Boston released a Request for Information (RFI), which seeks creative and feasible ideas from potential partners for the Citys planned Arts and Innovation District, which looks to include affordable housing, affordable commercial space, a new branch of the Boston Public Library, and an operator for the Strand Theatre. A collaboration of the Mayors Office of Economic Development, the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture, Department of Neighborhood Development, Boston Public Library and the Boston Planning and Development Agency (BPDA), along with community leaders, business owners, and residents, the Uphams Corner Implementation Process builds on goals established by the community, outlined in both Imagine Boston 2030 (IB2030) and the Uphams Corner Station Area Plan of the Fairmount Indigo Planning Initiative (FIPI).This RFI builds on our and the communitys vision to support local artists, invest in commerce, and celebrate the Fairmount Corridor as a vital part of Boston, and the Dorchester community, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. This is a unique concept that will prioritize creating a thriving, Arts & Innovation District in Uphams Corner. I look forward to potential ideas, partners, and the future of Uphams Corner."The Uphams Corner Arts & Innovation District development is a unique concept requiring creativity and sustained collaboration with the community, stakeholders and the City. The City seeks to hear from qualified, potential partners and stakeholders who will prioritize (1) development to create a thriving, coherent mixed-use, mixed-income Arts & Innovation District, (2) potential partnerships with proximate property owners, and (3) a new sustainable operation for the Strand Theater that will include community arts and cultural enrichment programming.This community-led and city-catalyzed approach for public-private investment and partnership in Uphams Corner provides a new template for how we can strategically and cohesively approach neighborhood economic development without displacement, as well as enhance a communitys historical, cultural, and infrastructure assets, said John F. Barros, Chief of Economic Development. This RFI is a critical next step, and together with the community and our partners, we invite greater density, support increased housing and commercial affordability, and seek future development in Uphams Corner that maximizes community building and neighborhood development.The City and community seek to anchor the Uphams Corner Arts and Innovation District with a new branch of the Boston Public Library, and a reimagined Strand Theater, the hundred year old, 1,400 seat theater which was originally built as a movie and vaudeville house and is presently owned and operated by the City of Boston. Recognizing that entrepreneurship and innovation come in many forms, the Arts & Innovation District will be designed as a hub of creativity to bolster collaboration among local residents, entrepreneurs, and business-owners.In 2017, the City of Boston released Imagine Boston 2030, its first citywide plan in more than 50 years at the Strand Theatre. IB2030 set the course for the future, guiding the Citys growth and building on our existing strengths to create a thriving city for all Bostonians. Guided by a unique partnership between the City of Boston and the Uphams Corner community, the Uphams Corner Implementation process began in June 2017 just as Imagine Boston 2030 was completed. The Implementation process has focused on putting IB2030 and the FIPI into action by developing key parcels in the neighborhood.The City of Boston will use this RFI as an opportunity to inform the development concept of this project prior to the anticipated release of the Uphams Corner Arts & Innovation District Request for Proposals.Those interested in learning more about the RFI are invited to attend a question-and-answer-style informational session that will be held on Monday, August 12, from 6:30-7:30 p.m. at:The Salvation Army Ray and Joan Kroc Corps Community Center650 Dudley Street,Boston, MA 02125All interested parties may download the RFI on theNeighborhood Development site. Or, you can pick up a copy of the RFI from the Mayor's Office of Arts & Culture, 1 City Hall Square Room 802, Boston MA 02201-2019.Completed responses may be submitted either by email toUphamsRFI@boston.gov, or by mail or hand delivered to:Mayor's Office of Arts & Culture1 City Hall Square, Room 802Boston MA 02201-2019Deadline: 4 p.m., Thursday, August 22, 2019Hand delivery hours are Monday throughFriday, from 10 a.m. - 4 p.m. Mailed responses must be postmarked by 4 p.m. Thursday, August 22, 2019. Please plan accordingly.Late submissions will not be accepted.This RFI is for information and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a solicitation or as an obligation on the part of the City to issue any competitive procurement or award a contract. The City reserves the right to modify or retract this RFI, in whole or in part, prior to the date fixed for submission of responses, by issuance of an addendum or addenda, which shall be posted on the Citys website,or to take any other action related to the RFI and any submissions as the City may deem to be in its best interest.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced grant applications are now available for nonprofit organizations to conduct outreach for the 2020 Census. The City is seeking proposals from locally-based organizations to develop and implement education, awareness, and mobilization strategies in historically undercounted communities. Applicants are required tosubmit their proposalsby September 6, 2019, at 4:00 pm."We are counting on our community-based organizations to help us do outreach and mobilize residents to ensure a fair count in the Census," said Mayor Walsh. "The decision to no longer pursue a citizenship question on the 2020 Census was a win for equity, and we will continue working alongside our Complete Count Committee and grantees to push for full participation to achieve an accurate and inclusive count."Mayor Walsh and theCity's Complete Count Committeeare committed to counting all Bostonians, regardless of neighborhood, income, immigration status, or housing status. Applicants must be Boston-based, serve "hard-to-count" populations, and outline a clear strategy to avoid an undercount. Hard-to-count populations are geographic areas that fell in the bottom 20 percent of 2010 Census return rates nationwide. Boston is the ninth hardest-to-count city among the largest 100 cities nationwide, according to areportby Boston Indicators and the Boston Foundation."The Mayor's investment is crucial to providing necessary resources to community-based organizations and amplifying new or existing work in support of the 2020 Census," said Beth Chandler, president and CEO, YWCA Boston. "We need local voices and trusted partners to work in collaboration in order to ensure all people are counted and represented. Increased census participation will shed light on pressing inequities faced by our community members and help inform organizations across the Commonwealth so we can achieve the most accurate and equitable outcomes in our community."Getting an accurate Census determines representation and public aid for the next ten years. Data from the 2010 Census determined around $16 billion every year in federal spending for critical programs such as Medicaid, Medicare, affordable housing initiatives, Title I education funding, free school meals, and infrastructure in Massachusetts. For every one person that's not counted on the Census, the state loses out on roughly $2,400 of federal funding.In April 2019, Mayor Walsh, nonprofit leaders and community memberslaunched a year-long outreach campaignto ensure a fair and complete count in the 2020 U.S. Census, where he announced the City is investing an additional $100,000 in his FY20 budget to support Boston's outreach efforts by providing grants to community-based organizations and more support to City departments. This is in addition to a FY19 investment of dedicated staffing resources to support the City's census efforts announced in the Mayor's 2019 State of the City address.Next year's Census faces unprecedented challenges, including significant underfunding of the U.S. Census Bureau, and the nearly all-digital nature of the surveys. Boston Counts 2020 is the City's effort to support an equitable and complete count in the next U.S. Census, and the Committee will work to ensure every resident in Boston is counted.For more information on the City's outreach efforts to ensure a fair and complete count, please visit the 2020 Federal Census website.
The concept of wellness and well-being can be tricky to define. Essentially it is the idea of defining and maintaining a fulfilling and healthy lifestyle, not just as a preventative measure but as a means of improving ones quality of life. Global Wellness Day expands on this and defines it further as a dynamic process of change and growth.Wellness can encompass many different aspects, from physical health to financial, from social to spiritual. It means taking an active approach to parts of your life that can be easily overlooked, or in other words, running on autopilot. There are several different approaches for taking an active stance in maintaining or improving your wellness and quality of life.The WikiHow webste gives good tips on how to create a wellness plan for yourself, in order to focus on specific, defined personal goals.The Boston Employee Wellness Portaloffers a number of different wellness resources, ranging from healthy recipes to health resources to fitness challenges, complete with prizes!The Employee Assistance Programalso has many health and wellness resources listed on the main page, be sure to check it out.Have a healthy and active month!
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department invite city youngsters to come celebrate the season at the 2019 ParkARTS Boston Childrens Summer Festival on Tuesday, August 20, at Franklin Park from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. ParkARTS is made possible in part through the generosity of Holly Bruce.Children and families from throughout Boston have the opportunity to participate in a variety of free activities from various exhibitors including Bubble Guy Jim Dichter, ParkARTS arts and crafts, New England Aquarium, Outdoor Rx, Mass Hort, face painting, interactive building blocks with LEGOLAND, and more. The August 20 event will also include exploring a Boston Fire Department fire truck, a family Zumba class, Rosalitas Puppets, the City of Bostons Archaeology Department, the Boston Water and Sewer Commission water truck to stay hydrated, and free treats and giveaways from HP Hood LLC, KIND Snacks, Polar Beverages, the Cascadian Farm Truck Tour, L.L.Bean, Ameriprise, KinderCare Learning Centers, Girl Scouts of Eastern Massachusetts, Capital One, and Magic 106.7.The location of the festival is at 25 Pierpont Road in Roxbury near the rear entrance of the Franklin Park Zoo. By MBTA, take the Orange Line to Forest Hills and the #16 bus to the Zoo. By car, the park can be reached from Blue Hill Avenue, Seaver Street, or Circuit Drive.There is ample free parking and the park is ADA compliant. For further information, call 617-635-4505, or visit the Parks website or our Facebook page.
Building on Boston's strong track record of fiscal management, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Maureen Joyce as Boston's new City Auditor, following the retirement of previous City Auditor Sally Glora, who served the City of Boston for 49 years. Joyce joins the City of Boston with more than 20 years of experience, with expertise in financial reporting and financial management, and served most recently as the Chief Financial Officer for the Benjamin Franklin Institute of Technology."I'm proud to welcome Maureen to Boston City Hall as Boston's City Auditor," said Mayor Walsh. "With over twenty years of experience, Maureen brings a strong knowledge of fiscal management, and we look forward to her leadership. As we welcome Maureen, I also want to express our deep gratitude to Sally Glora for her decades of dedicated service to the residents of Boston."Boston's Auditor serves as the City of Boston's comptroller, and is the primary contact and liaison between the City of Boston and the Boston Audit Committee and the City's external auditors. As City Auditor, Joyce will work to ensure effective and efficient management of the City's operations compliance with all relevant laws and regulations and responsible and transparent financial practices.As an executive official of the Boston Retirement Board, Joyce will hold fiduciary responsibility for the $5.5 billion dollar pension trust which serves approximately 34,000 members and beneficiaries. Joyce will also serve as a trustee for The George Robert White Fund and the Brown Fund Trusts."I'm honored to join Mayor Walsh and his talented administration, serving the people of Boston and helping our city continue its high standards for integrity, fiscal responsibility, and good governance," said Maureen Joyce. "I look forward to working collaboratively across City Hall, and taking on this important role.""Selecting Boston's next City Auditor and Comptroller is an important task, and I'm thrilled Maureen has joined Boston's Administration and Finance team," said Emme Handy, Boston's Chief Financial Officer. "Maureen's work from Northeastern University to Benjamin Franklin has shown her strength as a multi disciplined financial manager. With Maureen as our City Auditor, we will maintain our strong foundation as a leader in fiscal management."Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh announced Boston has maintained itsperfect AAA bond ratings, as assigned by Moody's Investor Service and S&P Global Ratings. The City has maintained the top credit ratings from both rating agencies since 2014. These ratings build on Mayor Walsh's commitment to financial responsibility throughout the City of Boston. Over the past five years, Boston's revenue has grown by 25 percent, and the city has added 20,000 new jobs each year, produced nearly 28,000 new homes, and added over $9.3 billion of development in construction.S&P Global Ratings cites Boston's "very strong" economy as reason for its AAA rating. Contributing to Boston's strong economy is its talented, diverse workforce longstanding financial and insurance industries, as well as the city's growing reputation as a tech hub central location and recruitment and retainment of college graduates in the city.Mayor Walsh recently signed hisFiscal Year 2020 budget proposal, a plan that focuses on bold investments that are guided by equity and opportunity for all residents. The $3.49 billion budget reflects a $176 million increase over last year's budget while simultaneously upholding the City of Boston's strong record of proactive fiscal management.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Office of Language and Communication Access (LCA) has launched the Language and Communication Access Experience Research Project. This project will help the City understand constituents experience of access-related interactions with City departments.Great thanks to all of our partners in the community and City Hall,we have received the expected number of voices and feedback from our diverse constituents:By October 1, we are no longer receive more responses and our research team is starting to analyze the data. If you still wish to let us knowabout your experience about language and communication access, please send an email to LCA@boston.gov. We are always happy to hear any feedback.We hope the findings from this research project will help the City identify high-priority constituent needs, set appropriate department priorities, and shape policies to make the City more accessible. We will share the report ofthis project when we are ready.In 2016, Mayor Walsh signed a City ordinance to make the City more accessible for people who use languages other than English or have at least one disability. The Office of Language and Communication Access works to strengthen the City of Boston so that services, programs, and activities are meaningfully accessible to all constituents. To learn more, visit the Language and Communications Access website.
BOSTON - Wednesday, July 31, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a partnership between Greater Boston Legal Services (GBLS), the Mayor's Housing Innovation Lab and the Office of Housing Stability to expand assistance for tenants facing court eviction with a new online tool,Massachusetts Defense for Eviction (MADE).MADE is a resource for tenants to refer to when faced with an eviction. The new web app makes it easier for tenants on their own to legally respond to their eviction cases, to keep track of key deadlines and to defend themselves in court. This tool complements existing work that the City has undertaken to inform tenants of their rights through a step-by-step onlineEviction Guide."In Boston, we're working hard to ensure families are able to stay in their neighborhoods and community as we build and maintain affordable housing," said Mayor Walsh. "Evictions can have a devastating effect on families, and MADE is one measure to support vulnerable tenants by giving them an easy to use tool that allows them to exercise their rights within the legal system."As part of the Administration's commitment to preventing displacement, Mayor Walsh recently announced ahousing security legislative packagesubmitted to the Massachusetts Legislature, which includes right to counsel in eviction proceedings, protection for elderly tenants from no-fault evictions and large rent increases, and ability for tenants and nonprofits to have the right of first refusal to purchase properties. Mayor Walshrecently testifiedat the Massachusetts State House in support of bills that would ensure the right to counsel in eviction proceedings and protections for older adults in just-cause evictions.The Office of Housing Stability and Greater Boston Legal Services strongly encourages tenants to respond to their court eviction hearing. By responding, tenants can better understand and assert their rights to potentially reach a more favorable outcome with their landlord. However, tenants have a limited amount of time from when they receive notice of their scheduled court hearing date to submit their legal responses to the court. This new online tool addresses some of the barriers that can prevent tenants from seeking assistance with their court eviction response."MADE is an online tool that empowers tenants and their families to fight an eviction and avoid homelessness. A tenant can use MADE to defend against an eviction while learning about their housing rights," said Quinten Steenhuis, Senior Attorney at Greater Boston Legal Services and creator of MADE. "This can be powerfully effective for tenants who are facing a major crisis--homelessness--to prevent their evictions.""GBLS is excited to have other ways to support people who need legal assistance, in view of our limited resources, " said Jacquelynne J. Bowman, GBLS' Executive Director.MADE is a web app created by GBLS that tenants can use on their smartphone or desktop computer, which lets tenants respond to an eviction wherever and whenever is most convenient for them. Tenants can access the tool and complete the self-guided interview in as little as 25 minutes. The web app generates completed court paperwork with responses unique to a tenant's housing situation, instructions on how to properly serve their legal paperwork, and automatic reminders of important dates sent through text and email.Tenants can either use MADE inside free legal clinics at Greater Boston Legal Services or other providers in the state, or at home on their own smartphone. This flexibility can be critical for working tenants, tenants with childcare needs, and tenants with disabilities that make it hard to attend a clinic at a fixed day and time. MADE fills a gap when tenants cannot meet face to face with a legal service provider to submit their responses within the time limit.Users of MADE have already found the tool helpful in addressing eviction notices."I am a tenant that stumbled across MADE while looking for help with forms," said Lisa Baker, a Massachusetts tenant. "I think MADE from GBLS is an awesome and effective tool! Well thought out!"Through the partnership between the Housing Innovation Lab, the Office of Housing Stability and GBLS, the MADE website will receive language enhancements that will better serve residents who consider Spanish, Haitian Creole, Chinese, Vietnamese, and Portuguese their primary language. The Office of Language and Communications Access reports 108,145 Boston residents (17.4 percent) self-identify to speak, read, write or understand English less than "very well"."Through the leadership of Mayor Walsh, the City of Boston is making incredible strides to expand the reach of city services by prioritizing the varied language and communications needs of constituents today," said Manar-ul Islam Swaby, Director of Language and Communication Access. "This tool is a prime example of what accessibility can look like when done well - it addresses the experiences and challenges faced across diverse communities and designs for that difference."About Greater Boston Legal ServicesGreater Boston Legal Services (GBLS) assists consumers, survivors of domestic violence, homeless families, elders, people with disabilities, homeowners facing foreclosure, tenants in no-fault evictions, low-wage workers, families with no source of income, and immigrants facing persecution. Annually, GBLS provides legal assistance to nearly 9,000 families and individuals who live at or below 125% of the federal poverty standard. GBLS also provides legal counsel to dozens of community-based groups and organizations and conducts strategic impact advocacy to bring about positive systematic change throughout the region and state. For more information, please visitwww.gbls.org.About Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics and the Housing Innovation LabThe Mayor's Housing Innovation Lab was facilitated by a collaboration between the Department of Neighborhood Development and the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM). The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics serves as Mayor Walsh's civic innovation group. A City agency that was formed in 2010, New Urban Mechanics pilots experiments that offer the potential to improve the quality of life for Boston residents. The Housing Innovation Lab focuses their work on reducing the cost of housing. To learn more about MONUM, follow the office onTwitteror visit theirwebsite. To learn more about the Housing Innovation Lab,visit theirwebsite.About Office of Housing StabilityLaunched in 2016, the City of Boston'sOffice of Housing Stabilityis one of the first of its kind in the nation. The office is designed to keep communities intact by helping tenants maintain their housing. The office's work includes supporting tenants who are in crisis creating and offering resources, programs, and information for both tenants and landlords to learn about their rights and responsibilities and researching and creating policies that aim to prevent displacement.###
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the garage at 22R Parker Street in Charlestown, MA 02129.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 9, 2019.
BOSTON - Tuesday, July 30, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Transportation Department (BTD) today announced the locations of the new, expanded locations for Bluebikes, the City's public bike share program. This year's expansion will bring service to new parts of West Roxbury, Roslindale, and Dorchester, and provide more stations within the existing service area. By the end of 2019, Boston will install more than 50 new stations. Planned station locations can be found onboston.gov."The Bluebikes system is a terrific resource that promotes a healthy and emission-free transportation option in our City, and I'm pleased that this expansion will make this service convenient for more Boston residents and visitors," said Mayor Walsh. "BTD and neighborhood residents worked together to determine the best locations for the new bike share stations and I look forward to more communities using Bluebikes later this year."The Boston Transportation Department has been planning this expansion with residents and community organizations since the fall of 2017. BTD's Active Transportation team has hosted 42 public meetings and workshops, attended a dozen neighborhood meetings, and met one-on-one with many community members and stakeholders. Last year, BTD completed phase one of the bike share expansion, adding 51 stations across the City. Currently, 85 percent of Boston residents are within a 5-7 minute walk from a Bluebikes station, up from 67 percent in 2017. This is an increase of over 116,000 residents.Last year, there were 1.7 million trips taken by Bluebikes, a new record for the system. This year promises to have even higher ridership, with Bluebikes riders regularly surpassing over 10,000 daily trips this summer. Bluebikes is owned and managed by the municipalities of Boston, Brookline, Cambridge, Everett, and Somerville. Collectively, the cities and town will offer 345 stations by the end of 2019, a 79 percent increase from 2017.Mayor Walsh'sFY20 budgetincluded $1 million of capital fundingto bring bike share to parts of Boston for the first time, including locations in Dorchester, Roslindale, and West Roxbury. Mayor Walsh's FY20 budget also allocates$10.6 million for spending on bike lanes and projects, including more than $1 million in new funding going towards accelerating the design and construction of major bike corridors. Mayor Walsh previously announced the planned expansion of the Bluebikes system in May.Nearly $1 million in funds used to support this expansion is gained from fees collected from Transportation Network Companies, such as Uber and Lyft, that operate in Boston. Mayor Walsh recentlyoffered testimonybefore the Joint Committee on Financial Services at the Massachusetts State House citing the need to better align TNCs with Boston's mobility goals outlined inGo Boston 2030. Currently, TNCs pay an assessment of 20 cents per ride that is distributed among municipalities, the Commonwealth's general transportation fund, and the taxi and livery industry.Testimony provided by Mayor Walsh supported legislation sponsored by Representative Michael Moran and Senator Joseph Boncore that outlines a plan to incentivize shared trips, decrease congestion and reduce carbon emissions. In addition to the TNC funds made available for bike share expansion, more than $2.6 million in fees from TNCs is currently being used to increase safety on Boston's streets with better sidewalks, markings and intersections, and nearly $324,000 is helping to improve the reliability of Boston's transportation system with the use of smarter traffic signals and better curb management.Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts, through its title sponsorship, has supported theexpansion of the public bike share system in Boston, Brookline, Cambridge, and Somerville. This year, BCBSMA has made additional investment in Boston to expand Bluebikes access at many Community Health Centers across the City. BTD and BCBSMA are collaborating with the Dimock Health Center and Codman Square Health Center to offer additional programming and supports for residents interested in biking.BTD offers bike programs year-round. This summer, residents are invited to join one oftwobike rides exploring parts of Boston. A free Bluebikes trip and helmet will be provided to those who register in advance.Wednesday, August 28 in MattapanThursday, September 5 in AllstonBTD also provides opportunities for adult women and gender nonconforming individuals to learn how to to ride a bike or brush up on their skills.Upcoming learn-to-bike clinicsinclude:Wednesday, July 31 in Hyde ParkWednesday, August 7 in CharlestownSaturday, September 14 in Lower RoxburySaturday, September 28 ion East BostonSaturday, October 12 in Lower RoxburyAn annual Bluebikes pass is $99 per year, granting users unlimited 45-minute trips. Monthly, daily, and single trip passes are also available. People who participate in public assistance programs, or who meet income-eligibility requirements, are able to purchase a 30-day pass for $5 or a year-long pass for $50. Bostonians experiencing homelessness or living in transitional housing are eligible for a year-long pass for just $5.About BluebikesBluebikesis public transportation by bike. Owned and jointly governed by the municipalities of Boston, Brookline, Cambridge, Everett, and Somerville, Bluebikes is a fast, fun, and affordable transportation option. Today, users can ride any of the 2550 bikes to and from the 296 stations across the region. By the end of 2019, the municipalities will provide 3,300 bikes and 325 stations for their residents, workers, and visitors. Since launching in 2011, 8.5 million trips have been taken on bike share, including more than 1.2 million trips to date in 2019.###
The ParkARTS outdoor neighborhood summer concerts are presented in local City of Boston parks and made possible by presenting sponsor Bank of America with additional support from Berklee College of Music.The ParkARTS Citywide Neighborhood Concerts continueat 7 p.m. on Wednesday, July 31, with The Rebels Tom Petty tribute at Medal of Honor Park, 775 East First Street, South Boston and 5 p.m. on Sunday, August 4, with Jazz at the Fort featuring the Fred Woodard Collective at Highland Park, 58 Beech Glen Street, Roxbury. The series ends on Monday, August 5, with The Woo Factor at 5 p.m. at Hunt/Almont Park, 40 Almont Street, Mattapan.All ParkARTS neighborhood performances are free of charge.For more information or a full schedule of events, please call please call 617-635-4505 or visit the Parks Department online at boston.gov/departments/parks-and-recreation or facebook.com/bostonparksdepartment.
The Boston Parks and Recreation Departments annual ParkARTS participatory program sponsored by Holly Bruce is pleased to announce the continuation of its series of arts workshops giving children the opportunity to express their creativity while working on fun projects with local artists.Kids ages three to 10can enjoy a wide variety of arts and crafts activities at the Artists in Residence Workshops held from 10 a.m. to 12 noon in parks across the cityParticipation is free and all materials are provided, but children must be accompanied by an adult. Groups of eight or more must make prior arrangements by calling the Parks Department at (617) 635-4505 or emailing www.boston.gov/parks. Now in its 23rd year, ParkARTS brings a wide range of cultural offerings to city parks.In addition, the New England Aquarium will bring its traveling tide pool exhibit to one more location and the Marionette Puppet Show series returns in August at 11 a.m. at various childrens workshops. See Bostons parks come alive with these whimsical puppet shows that will delight the child in everyone. Experience the unique charm of Rosalitas Puppets featuring marionettes made by professional actor-puppeteer Charlotte Anne Dore.Artists in Residence Workshops dates and locations are as follows from 10 a.m. to 12 noon:Tuesdays, July 30, August 6, 13Wednesdays, July 31, August 7, 14Thursdays, August 1, 8, 15Fridays, August 2, 9, 16The New England Aquarium will be at the following location at 10 a.m. to 12 noon:Rosalitas Puppets Marionette Performances are at 11 a.m. Dates and locations are as follows:For information on this and other ParkARTS programs, please call the Boston Parks and Recreation Department at 617-635-4505, visit www.facebook.com/bostonparksdepartment or boston.gov/parks or follow @BostonParksDept.
BOSTON - Monday, July 29, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh is reminding residents to take precautions during the hot and humid weather that is forecasted for this week, with high temperatures persisting through Tuesday, July 30th. Both today and tomorrow the temperature will reach up to 95 degrees, with the heat index, or "real feel" temperature, reaching up to 100 degrees.Mayor Walsh hasnot declared a Heat Emergency. Information on heat safety tips can be found online atboston.gov/heatand by following@CityofBostonon Twitter.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) operates community centers and pools where residents can swim free of charge. A full list of centers including hours of operation and a brief form to fill out before swimming isavailable here.Residents can sign up for Alert Boston, the City's emergency notification system, to receive emergency alerts by phone, email or text.Sign up online here.Residents are also encouraged to call 311 with any questions about available city services.Heat Safety:Helping the Homeless:Playground Safety:Outdoor Fires and Grilling:Mosquitoes and Ticks:###
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structureat 60 Chappie Street in Charlestown, MA 02129.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 8, 2019.
BOSTON - Saturday, July 27, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston will be installing opioid overdose reversal kits in municipal buildings, thanks to a $30,000 donation from Aetna. The donation will be used to install kits containing the overdose reversal medication naloxone (Narcan), clear instructions for its use, and other medical supplies to assist individuals who experience an overdose. Prior to implementation, the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services will offer on-site voluntary overdose prevention and naloxone administration trainings to all interested City employees."Increasing access to naloxone has been a core strategy in the City's approach to countering the opioid epidemic," said Mayor Walsh. "The unfortunate reality is that overdoses occur in all parts of our City, including in and around City buildings. By ensuring that City of Boston buildings have naloxone on-site and that employees are trained on how to use it in an emergency, we can continue to lead in the national fight against this epidemic."Following successful pilots at all Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) buildings and select Boston Public Library locations, opioid overdose reversal kits will now be available to use in case of an emergency at Boston City Hall, 26 Court Street, and 43 Hawkins Street. All remaining city buildings will have kits by the end of the calendar year."We are dedicated to helping prevent and address opioid misuse in the communities we serve," said Aetna Senior Vice President Erich Twachtman. "By increasing the availability of Narcan across Boston, we hope it will give more people a chance to get the help they need for recovery."Naloxone is a medication designed to rapidly reverse opioid overdoses, by binding to opioid receptors to reverse and block the effects of opioids. Naloxone cannot be abused, and does not have significant adverse side effects. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) hasencouraged workplaces, particularly those that serve the public, to keep naloxone on-site and establish a policy for responding to overdoses.Last year, Boston EMS recorded the use of naloxone for 1,928 patients. The City trains and distributes overdose reversal kits throughout the community andtrainings are offered online, by request and twice-monthly drop-in trainings open to the public. Last year, the Recovery Services team trained over 6,600 people, and received reports of over 2,300 overdose reversals. The Mayor's Office of Recovery Services supports businesses and other organizations to establish protocols for responding to overdoses in their buildings and implement overdose prevention plans.In 2014, Mayor Walsh announced that all first responders would carry the overdose reversal medication naloxone, expanding its reach to the Boston Fire Department and the Boston Police Department. The City of Boston's Post-Overdose Response Team (PORT) conducts follow-up visits after non-fatal overdoses. PORT, a collaboration between Recovery Services,the Boston Fire Department, and Boston EMS connects individuals and families with overdose prevention information, including naloxone, and recovery services through in-person home visits.In his first term, Mayor Walsh made expanding access to recovery services in Boston a priority by creating the Office of Recovery Services to study substance use in Boston and lead the city's strategy around substance use disorders, addiction and recovery. This is the first municipal recovery office in the nation.The City has taken a comprehensive approach to tackle the opioid epidemic. The City serves people in all stages of the continuum of care, from providing harm reduction services to ensure people can maintain health in various aspects of their lives, to connecting people with beds at treatment programs, to offering outpatient care and long-term peer supports.The City of Boston is planning an innovative and holistic recovery campus on Long Island that will expand essential recovery services for the region, fill gaps in the continuum of care and utilize the natural environment to provide a healing space. The City has contracted with Gensler and Ascension Recovery Services to identify the types of services, resources and treatment options that would be best suited for the island and create a master plan for the recovery campus.Continuing these efforts, the City of Bostonfiled a complaintin Suffolk Superior Court against 13 opioid manufacturers, four distributors, and one local doctor that have contributed to the local opioid epidemic through misleading marketing and reckless dissemination of opioids that has led to thedeaths of more than 830 Boston residents since 2014.As part of the litigation, the City is seeking to recover both past and future damages and injunctive relief associated with addressing the opioid epidemic in Boston.For more information about overdose prevention, please visit: boston.gov/recovery.###
BOSTON - Friday, July 26, 2019 - Building on Mayor Martin J. Walsh's long-standing commitment to creating a coordinated response to youth homelessness, the Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD) was recently awarded $75,000 as part of the Heartland Alliance's National Center on Employment & Homelessness'Pathways Forward Challengeto help incorporate workforce development efforts into the City of Boston's ongoing response to addressing youth and young adult homelessness.The grant will be used over a two-and-a-half year period to facilitate regular convenings of leadership from workforce development programs, housing and homelessness service agencies, and youth with lived experience of homelessness. The overarching goal of these meetings is to ensure Boston's workforce development ecosystem more effectively meets the needs of youth and young adults experiencing homelessness and housing instability."In Boston, we know several factors play a role in housing instability, including economic mobility," said Mayor Walsh. "By including workforce development in the conversation on homelessness, we are building on the collaborative work that is underway to ensure everyone can call Boston home."At the convenings, members will address issues such as improving procedures for identifying youth and young adults who are experiencing homelessness and housing instability. The culmination of this work will result in the production and publication of a report which will bring broader attention to the intersection of workforce development and homelessness issues that impact youth and young adults."With guidance from Mayor Walsh, our office is uniquely positioned to drive systemic change that can create access to career pathway opportunities for youth and young adults experiencing homelessness," said OWD Director Trinh Nguyen. "We know there is a role for each of us in helping to end youth homelessness, especially in the workforce industry. From job training to mentorship to building career pathways, we can ensure that all young adults have access to the same resources and opportunities."OWD will work with a variety of city agencies and outside organizations for this project, including: the City's Department of Neighborhood Development, the City's Health and Human Services Cabinet, Boston Youth Action Board, Bridge Over Troubled Waters, and St. Francis House."We know that increasing access to employment is one of the keys to solving the problem of homelessness among youth and young adults," said Laila Bernstein, Advisor to the Mayor for the Initiative to End Chronic Homelessness. "Gainful employment provides skills and training that can lead to future jobs and also provides connections and relationships that can help prevent youth and young adults from becoming homeless again. We are excited to work with our partner agencies and workforce providers to connect homeless youth with opportunities in the workplace."Mayor Walsh highlighted unaccompanied youth and young adults as one of the priority populations inBoston's Way Home, the City's action plan to end chronic homelessness. The plan outlinesresources for youth and young adults to access better permanent connections, education and employment, and improve their health and well-being. To date, the plan has resulted in ending chronic homelessness among veterans and a 36 percent reduction in overall veteran homelessness. Additionally, through this plan, the City has experienced a 20 percent reduction in chronic homelessness over the last 3 years. Boston's Way Home is supported by theBoston's Way Home Fund, established as part of Mayor Walsh's second-term inauguration. The fund will help to create 200 units of supportive, sustainable, long-term housing for homeless men and women.Mayor Walsh'sFiscal Year 2020 budgetincludes significant investments aimed at ending homelessness, such as $1 million to provide connections to employment, rental assistance and supportive services for youth. In addition, the FY20 budget includes an investment that will fund four formerly homeless individuals to work as peer navigators across shelters in Boston connecting individuals currently experiencing chronic homelessness with permanent housing pathways. The budget also includes an expansion in outreach services to provide assessment, crisis intervention and intensive case management services to unsheltered individuals drawn to spaces and resources of the Boston Public Library.Earlier this year, Heartland Alliance's National Initiatives on Poverty & Economic Opportunity put out a call to communities across the nation for ideas on how to increase employment and income for people experiencing homelessness through systems change. After a rigorous review process, Boston was selected as one of seven communities selected to advance their systems ideas through the Pathways Forward Challenge. The other communities include: Allegheny County, PA, Baltimore, MD, Chicago, IL, Houston/Harris County, TX, Santa Clara County, CA and Tarrant County, TX. The selected communities will receive financial resources, technical assistance and support from the Heartland Alliance.About the Department of Neighborhood DevelopmentThe Department of Neighborhood Development (DND) works with communities to improve Boston's neighborhoods through investing public resources. DND's main jobs are to create housing options, support tenants, foster homeownership, end homelessness, and manage the City's real estate.About the Office of Workforce DevelopmentThe Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD) is an innovative agency within the Boston Planning & Development Agency that seeks to ensure the full participation of all Boston residents in the city's economic vitality and future. OWD funds and oversees programs that promote workforce development through education, jobs training, apprenticeships, financial coaching, career pathways, literacy initiatives, and the like. Please visitOWD.Boston.Govto learn more about OWD's work.###
BOSTON - Thursday, July 25, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Boston has been ranked the top U.S. city for energy efficiency, according to the2019 City Clean Energy Scorecard, shared today by the nonprofit American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy. Boston earned the highest score amongst cities for its building policies and a perfect score for its energy efficiency outreach and programs. No other city except Boston has ever held the top spot in the ACEEE city scorecard."I'm proud of Boston for leading the rankings once again and am inspired by other cities for their bold action," said Mayor Walsh. "Through our work here in Boston, we've already surpassed our municipal climate goals and reduced emissions by 37 percent. If we're to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050, we have to accelerate our actions and lead by example--and that's what we'll keep doing here in Boston."The city scorecard tracks policy efforts to advance energy efficiency and, for the first time, renewable energy because both are needed to build a clean energy future and address climate change, according to ACEEE. Boston's scoring recognized its efforts to increase renewable energy in the grid mix through programs such as its municipal energy initiative and its progress with community choice energy.Boston's municipal energy initiative, known as Renew Boston Trust, identifies energy-saving projects in City-owned buildings. The projects are self-funded through guaranteed energy and cost savings, meaning that they pay for themselves over time. Projects are already underway at 14 municipal buildings across Boston, including libraries, community centers, and police and fire stations. These projects range from lighting upgrades, water conservation measures, and solar panel installations.The City is also moving ahead withmunicipal aggregation, also known as community choice energy. The aggregation will give Boston electricity customers more control over the kind of energy they use in their homes, and the price of that energy. The City is currently seeking approval from the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities to proceed with its program. In addition to bringing cleaner energy to Boston homes and businesses, the City continues its partnership with utilities to reduce the amount of energy used in Boston through statewide energy efficiency programs.Boston was also recognized for its long-standing work on energy benchmarking. TheBuilding Energy Reporting and Disclosure Ordinance(BERDO) reached 90 percent compliance in 2018, the most recent reporting year. 2019 now marks the first year of Energy Action and Assessment, which asks that large buildings demonstrate that they have taken steps to assess energy saving opportunities or reduce their energy use. City staff have supported building owners and operators with resources and technical assistance to help continuously improve the performance of Boston's buildings over time."Cities are making impressive clean energy gains-taking big steps to waste less energy and encourage more renewable power. But they have more to do," said ACEEE senior research manager David Ribeiro, the lead report author. "Cities must continue their push for innovative buildings policies, take greater steps to tackle transportation emissions, and better track progress to know which investments have the greatest impact. With their innovation, ingenuity, and resolve, they can build prosperous and equitable low-carbon communities."According to ACEEE, the scorecard is the most comprehensive national report that tracks city progress toward climate goals. Boston is committed to being carbon neutral by 2050. Boston measures its progress through an annual community-wide greenhouse gas emissions inventory. In 2017, the Boston community emitted 6.1 million metric tons of greenhouse gases, which represents a 21 percent decrease for 2005 emissions.The City of Boston is currently updating itsClimate Action Plan, which will lay out strategies for achieving its carbon neutral goal. As a leading city on climate action, the City was named a winner of theBloomberg American Cities Climate Challengeand received a support package, valued at up to $2.5 million, to increase low-carbon mobility choices and improve energy performance of Boston's building sector.###
BOSTON - Wednesday, July 24, 2019 - The City of Boston today joined the MBTA, the Allston Brighton community and the Liveable Streets Alliance to celebrate the opening of the Brighton Avenue bus/bike lane. The recently completed designated lane will provide quicker and more reliable service for bus riders, and enhance safety and accessibility for cyclists. The lane extends from Union Square to Packards Corner inbound and is active 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.TheBrighton Ave Bus/Bike Lane was announced last monthby Mayor Martin J. Walsh."We are confident that the designation of a travel lane for bus riders and bicyclists will reduce travel times and increase safety for Allston Brighton residents and others who travel on Brighton Avenue," said Mayor Walsh, who last week took an MBTA bus ride in the new lane. "I am pleased that through this partnership will benefit Boston residents and commuters who use our public transportation system."Brighton Avenue was identified as a priority bus corridor inGo Boston 2030, the City of Boston's comprehensive transportation plan that outlines an agenda for building a safe, reliable and equitable multi-modal transportation network. Since the introduction of Go Boston 2030 in 2017, action has been taken on more than half of the 58 projects and policies identified in the plan. Brighton Avenue was identified as it serves two MBTA bus routes, the 57/57A and the 66, and more than 14,000 MBTA bus passengers ride on this stretch of roadway each day making it one of the system's highest ridership locations. Boston Public School buses also travel along Brighton Avenue and will share the bus/bike lane as well.BTD expects the Brighton Avenue bus/bike lane could save as much as 40 percent of travel time during peak hours. Improvements are expected to be similar to those seen as a result of the bus/bike lane implemented by the City of Boston on Washington Street in Roslindale in 2018. Travel times on Washington Street have improved by 20-25 percent during peak hours, and daily ridership on MBTA buses operating at this location has increased with the addition of 160 new bus riders."BTD's newly formed Transit Team, made possible with funding in Mayor Walsh's FY19 operating budget, undertook a comprehensive public process to prepare for the installation of this lane," said City of Boston Chief of Streets Chris Osgood. "This included outreach to the community, meetings with local stakeholders and engagement with transportation advocates such as the Liveable Streets Alliance.""As a result of concerns expressed by community members during the public process, in addition to the implementation of the bus/bike lane, BTD also installed two new curbside zones on Brighton Avenue to allow for daytime commercial loading and evening passenger pick up/drop off," said Acting Boston Transportation Commissioner Gregory Rooney. "These zones will work to reduce double parking, safely accommodate rideshare and other passenger vehicles, and support local businesses.The launch of the Brighton Avenue bus lane is part of a collaborative effort by the City and the MBTA to expand transit infrastructure and improve rider experience throughout Boston. Plans are underway for the implementation of another bus lane on heavily congested North Washington Street downtown.The Go Boston 2030 Vision and Action Plan is available for review at onboston.gov.###
Special events taking place on Saturday and Sunday, July 27 and 28,will require street closings and parking restrictions in Boston. People coming into Boston to attend are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Saturday, July 27The Run to Home Base 5 K Road Race will begin at 8:15 AM on Jersey Street, between Van Ness Street and Brookline Avenue. An estimated 2,000 participants will turn left onto Van Ness Street, left onto Ipswich Street, left onto Boylston Street, left onto Massachusetts Avenue, over the Massachusetts Avenue Bridge, to the City of Cambridge, turn around prior to Vassar Street, continuing on Massachusetts Avenue, returning to the City of Boston over the Massachusetts Avenue Bridge, right onto Boylston Street, right onto Ipswich Street, right onto Lansdowne Street, left into Gate C of Fenway Park.Drivers should expect road closures and traffic delays along the route between 7:45 AM and 11 AM. In addition, Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 12:00 AM to 12 Noon parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Sunday, July 28An estimated 5,000 people will gather on Boylston Street for the Puerto Rican Festival Parade that will begin at 12 PM. The parade route is Boylston Street at Hereford Street inbound, left onto Tremont Street, continuing onto Cambridge Street, ending at City Hall Plaza at approximately 3 PM.Boylston Street is expected to be closed between Massachusetts Avenue and Exeter Street from 10:30 AM to 11:45 AM for set up, and the full parade route will be closed through approximately 3:30 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
Earhart was not only a pilot, but also a social worker. In 1925, Earhart was hired as a social worker at the Denison House, a settlement house in Bostons South End. This photo, taken by Leslie Jones,shows her with children from the settlement house in 1928.We wondered, what was the Denison House and what happened to it? We did a little digging in our collections and found some records about the house.Denison House was founded in 1892. It was originally known as the Boston College Settlement, and was supported by women from Boston College. The women named the house for Edward Denison, an Englishman who lived and worked in Londons East End. Denison was a fore-runner of the Settlement Movement. This pamphlet tells us that Denison House operated into the early 1940s. In 1941, the settlement house released the below statement, citing neighborhood depopulation as a reason for closing the house.South End residents who used the settlement houses services were directed to other local social welfare agencies, including the South End House, the Chinese Mission, and the Salvation Army. You can see a list of the agencies below.You can learn more about the intersection of Amelia Earharts careers as a social worker and pilot at Virginia Commonwealth Universitys Social Welfare History Project.
BOSTON - Tuesday, July 23, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today offered testimony before the Joint Committee on Financial Services at the Massachusetts State House in support of legislation that better aligns transportation network companies (TNCs), such as Uber and Lyft, with the City's mobility goals. Additional revenue generated would be invested in local roads and transit, including projects that make Boston's streets better for people who walk, bike, drive or take transit.The bill is part of Mayor Walsh'slegislative package, which builds upon Boston's work to ensure equity, opportunity and resilience for all residents by strengthening current systems and creating new tools to adapt, mitigate and invest in local transportation and the environment.Mayor Walsh testifies in support of "An Act relative to transportation network company rider assessments""Transportation network companies have changed the way people travel. In some ways, they've made things more convenient but they've also increased congestion and added to the emissions that harm air quality and cause climate change," said Mayor Walsh. "We have to find ways to make rideshares part of a sustainable and equitable transportation system, and this bill would help us do that."An Act relative to transportation network company rider assessments,sponsored by Representative Michael Moran and Senator Joseph Boncore, would change the current per-trip assessment charged to TNCs operating in Massachusetts to better align it with the City's and Commonwealth's efforts to address congestion and lower emissions:Incentivizing shared trips:passengers would be charged 6.25 percent of the total fare for single-occupancy trips and 3 percent of the total fare for shared trips. Half of the revenue would go to the city or town in which the miles were driven, and the other half would go to the Commonwealth Transportation Fund and MassDevelopment.Reducing congestion:TNCs would be charged a per-mile fee of 20 cents for all miles traveled with no passengers during peak hours. Half of the revenue would go to the city or town in which the miles were driven, and the other half would go to the Commonwealth Transportation Fund and MassDevelopment.Reducing carbon emissions:all zero-emission vehicles would be exempt from the peak hour charge."As the TNC industry has grown it has become clear that in urban areas the service has increased congestion - particularly during rush hours - and as a consequence carbon emissions," said Representative Michael Moran. "I am pleased to join Mayor Walsh and Senator Boncore in support of this bill which will promote shared trips to reduce congestion while also encouraging the use of zero emission vehicles.""I'm proud to join Mayor Walsh in supporting this bill," said Senator Joseph Boncore. "With increased congestion on our roads, especially in East Boston and around the airport, we need to do all we can to incentivize good behavior, reduce demand and more efficiently use our roadways."In 2017 and 2018, more than 34 million and 42 million rideshare trips originated in Boston respectively. Currently, TNCs pay an assessment of 20 cents per ride that is distributed among municipalities, the Commonwealth's general transportation fund, and the taxi and livery industry. Boston allocated the funds received from 2017 trips to increase street safety, including the improvement of sidewalks, markings and intersections improving the reliability of the network with smarter signals and curb management, and expanding access to transportation choices by enhancing the City's bikeshare program.The City of Boston has been piloting a program that designates curb space for ridesharing pick-ups and drop-offs, minimizing traffic disruptions that often accompany these services. Announced in theMayor's Boston Municipal Research Bureau Speechin March, the City dedicated a zone for ridesharing activity in the Fenway, allowing these vehicles to continue to offer their transportation services, but in a way that supports the City of Boston's Vision Zero safety goals and helps to improve traffic flow on Boston streets.Below are Mayor Walsh's remarks, as prepared for delivery:Thank you, Chairman James Welch, Chairman Jamie Murphy, and members of the committee. My name is Martin J. Walsh and I'm the Mayor of Boston. I'm here to testify in support of H.1067/S.102: An Act Relative to Transportation Network Company Rider Assessments, sponsored by Representative Michael Moran and Senator Joseph Boncore.This legislation would help us build a transportation system that works for everyone--- for residents, for our economy, and for our environment. I welcome the opportunity to talk about why these changes are necessary.Transportation network companies have changed the way people travel. In some ways, they've made things more convenient. But they've also increased congestion, especially during rush hour. And they're adding to the emissions that harm air quality and cause climate change. We have to find ways to make rideshares part of a sustainable and equitable transportation system. This bill would help us do that.This legislation would improve upon the TNC regulations already in place. It would adjust the assessment to better reflect and mitigate the impact on our streets and our environment. Right now, 20 cents per ride is collected and split between cities and towns, MassDevelopment, and the Commonwealth Transportation Fund. Last year, the City of Boston took in $3.4 million from TNC assessments. We are re-investing this money directly into things that make our entire transportation system better, whether you walk, bike, drive, take the T, or use ride shares. This is a good start. But honestly, it doesn't go far enough.TNC's should be contributing more to the public good, given the major impact they're having on our streets. Look at the numbers: 42 million TNC rides started in Boston last year. That's 115,000 every day. That's more than one every second. Many of these rides happen during rush hour. And oftentimes, the pick-ups and drop-offs happen in a travel lane, including bus stops, bike lanes, and emergency vehicle areas. Increasing the assessment will help us ensure that the positives of this growing industry outweigh the negatives.As we increase the assessment, we also want to encourage more shared trips and fewer solo trips. This bill proposes an assessment of about $1 per solo trip, or 6.25% of the cost of the ride. For shared trips, the assessment is cut in half, to three percent.Additionally, this bill discourages empty trips during rush hour. How many of you have been sitting in traffic behind an Uber or a Lyft with no passengers in it? I'm sure we all have. We want to address this by introducing a 20 cent per mile charge if you're driving around without a passenger during peak commuting hours.Finally, this bill also supports our efforts to make Boston carbon neutral by 2050. Of course, more carpooling is better for the environment. Our bill also provides a financial incentive for zero-emission vehicles, such as electric vehicles. Zero-emission vehicles will be exempt from any rush hour charge.This legislation builds on the good work we're already doing at the City level. We've got dedicated pick-up/drop-off zones for rideshares. We're installing dedicated bus- and bike-only lanes. We've made historic capital investments in bike infrastructure, in electric vehicle infrastructure, and in road safety measures. And we created a Transit Team at City Hall to support the State's work on the T. Making TNC's work better for our city is the next logical and necessary step.This is one of several current bills that aim to improve the TNC situation in Boston and Massachusetts. I thank all of the advocates, the lawmakers, the Governor, and everyone who is also putting forward solutions. Together, we're showing that there's a growing demand for a better system--- one that works for residents, for our economy, and for our environment.I respectfully ask you to move forward those bills that best improve TNC regulations. I welcome conversation on how to achieve their goals. Thank you for the opportunity to speak. I'm happy to answer any questions you have.###
BOSTON - Tuesday, July 23, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston has released aRequest for Proposals (RFP)for affordable housing projects seeking City of Boston financial support. This $30 million funding round is almost twice the size of last year's $16 million funding round, and is the largest affordable housing funding round since Mayor Walsh took office in 2014, and likely the largest in Boston's history."Building and preserving affordable housing in our city is one of our biggest efforts in Boston, and my administration will continue to invest heavily in these critical funds," said Mayor Walsh. "These projects bring our commitment to affordable housing to more than $130 million, with more investments planned in the future. We will keep working to ensure all families are able to stay in their neighborhoods, and continue to call Boston home."This $30 million 2019 funding round stipulates that winning proposals that provide deeper affordability -- at least an additional ten percent of units for extremely low-income households -- will be ranked most favorably. This stipulation for deep affordability goes beyond Boston's standard set-aside of ten percent for formerly homeless households.In addition, the City of Boston has strengthened its requirements for anti-displacement measures and is requiring that an additional 10 percent of units be made available to those earning less than 50 percent of Area Median Income (AMI), which is less than $50,000 for a two person household. Winning bidders must prove that they have not only earned the support of the communities where they propose to build, but also must document how their new development will not permanently displace current residents and businesses. Finally, special consideration will be given to any proposal that meets this criteria, and is a zero emission building.Based on the goals outlined in Mayor Walsh's housing strategyHousing A Changing City: Boston 2030and theImagine Boston 2030Planning Process, the City of Boston has established priority criteria which proposals must meet, including:Affordable housing developments targeting a mix of incomes: from units for homeless households to units targeted and restricted to incomes representative of Boston's workforce, including the low-income earners mentioned in this RFPAffordable housing developments that serve the disabled community, vulnerable or special needs populations, older Bostonians, veterans, artists, and/or aging out youthAcquisition of unrestricted housing developments in order to stabilize residents' tenancies, and provide long term affordability for a mix of incomes orAffordable housing developments that utilize City-owned landAffordable housing developments that have reduced the cost to build and use public funding most efficientlyDevelopments that are at risk of losing their affordability within five years.Projects creating new affordable units in high-cost neighborhoods where most of the Inclusionary Development Program and Neighborhood Housing Trust Funds are generated."This new funding is groundbreaking not only because of the amount of money being offered to build affordable housing in Boston, but also because Mayor Walsh is investing new City resources to drive development of housing that provides deeper affordability," said Vanessa Caldern-Rosado, Chief Executive Officer of Inquilinos Boricuas en Accin, and co-chair of the Mayor's Housing Advisory Task Force. "This is a tremendous investment, and one that recognizes the importance of new development without displacement. I look forward to seeing the projects these new funds will generate.""As a private developer of both affordable and market-rate properties, Beacon Communities appreciates Mayor Walsh's commitment to increasing the housing supply for a range of incomes," said CEO of the Beacon Communities Dara Kovel. "We've got a pipeline of affordable housing developments that we are anxious to advance. The City of Boston's financial investment, often the first investment in, makes it possible for us to leverage other public and private resources."By releasing this new funding round, Mayor Walsh is illustrating that he is listening to the recommendations of Boston's community in executing the Housing Boston 2030 plan," said Amy Schectman, 2Life Communities President and CEO. "This RFP underscores that the City of Boston is willing to take the extra steps necessary to provide deeper affordability, a move that can only benefit our seniors and those in need of more affordable, supportive housing options."Funds will be awarded from three sources: the first, of approximately $10 million, consists of funds administered by the Department of Neighborhood Development, including funds from the Federal HOME Investment Partnerships and Community Development Block Grant programs, the City's Housing Boston 2030 Fund, and the Inclusionary Development Policy Fund. The second source utilizes $10 million in funds from the Neighborhood Housing Trust (NHT). NHT disburses funds collected through the City's Linkage policy, which extracts affordable housing funds from developers of large commercial projects. The third source is $10 million in Community Preservation Act Funds (CPA), which are collected through the one percent property tax surcharge approved by Boston voters in 2016 to help strengthen Boston neighborhoods through strategic investment in affordable housing, historic preservation, and open space. This is one of the CPA's largest investments in housing.About Housing A Changing City: Boston 2030In 2018, Mayor Martin J. Walsh updated his comprehensive housing strategy,Housing A Changing City: Boston 2030to increase the City's overall housing goal from 53,000 to 69,000 new units by 2030, to meet Boston's faster than expected population growth. These 69,000 new units include 15,820 new income-restricted units, which would elevate Boston's income- restricted inventory total to 70,000, or one in five of all housing units. In addition, the 2018 update plan set a goal to preserve 85 percent of Boston's most at-risk privately-owned affordable units, and to purchase 1,000 units of rental housing stock from the speculative market and income-restrict it for perpetuity.Mayor Walsh's 2019housing security legislative packagefocuses on expanding upon the work that Boston has done to address the region's affordable housing crisis and displacement risks for tenants by proposing new and strengthening current tools to leverage Boston's prosperity and create sustainable wealth opportunities that make Boston a more inclusive and equitable city. The housing security bills proposed seek to help existing tenants, particularly the elderly, remain in their homes, and creates additional funding for affordable housing.###
Bostons first-ever zero waste plan, designed to move Boston towards becoming a zero waste city, was released in June 2019. This plan includes near- and long-term strategies for reducing waste in the City. Key pieces of the plan include expanding Bostons composting program, increasing access to recycling opportunities and launching a city-wide education campaign on recycling.The City has already begun implementing the Zero Waste strategy, but we cant do it without you. This vision centers around residents of the City taking important steps to reduce their waste by reducing, reusing, and recycling. Here are ways that you can reduce waste in Boston today to help the City become a Zero Waste City:The best way to help Boston meet the goals laid out in Zero Waste Boston is to reduce consumption upfront. Bostons Plastic Bag Reduction Ordinance supports residents to bring their own bag but taking your own mug, cups, silverware, and more will reduce your overall consumption and therefore waste in the City as a whole.In the classic waste reduction catch phrase reduce, reuse, recycle, the reuse part can be hard. Perhaps its a lack of information about the options for using a certain object or maybe its simply not having the right tools at your disposal. Regardless of the reason, attending a Fix-it clinic is a fantastic way to learn new Do It Yourself tips and tricks for reusing, borrow tools, and get to know other creative and sustainability minded people in the City. View the Greenovate Calendar for the upcoming Fix-it Clinicschedule.Approximately 36% of the materials that are currently discarded in Boston are potentially compostable. When items are composted correctly in Boston however, it is used in many community gardens and parks across the City. There are four ways to compost in the City:Public Works holds drop-off days for household hazardous waste four times a year. Bringing your hazardous waste to an official pick up event ensure that its safely disposed of. Search for upcoming events online.Reducing contamination in recycling is one of the best things you can do to help the City meet our zero waste goals. Learn what you can and cant recycle here, orby using the Citys trash app.Zero waste means reducing, repairing, and reusing the materials in our lives. The Zero Waste Boston initiatives strives to move Boston toward zero waste through planning, policy, and community engagement. Learn more at Zero Waste Boston.Read the full Zero Waste Boston Plan.
BOSTON  Friday, July 19, 2019  Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined John Hancock President and CEO Marianne Harrison, leaders from Boston University, Partners HealthCare and hundreds of Boston teens to kick off the 12th year of the MLK Scholars program. MLK Scholars provides meaningful employment and engagement opportunities for over 650 Boston youth through summer job assignments and workshops. Since its creation, the program has reached over 5,000 participants, contributing to a more diverse pipeline for Boston employers and greater economic empowerment for Boston youth.The MLK Scholars program does more than provide summer jobs: it puts an emphasis on financial literacy, provides resume workshops and networking opportunities, and most importantly, helps students feel confident as they move forward in life, said Mayor Walsh. Boston is proud of our Scholars, and the partners that make this program possible.As part of the event, the event introduced a panel of Young Leaders of Change  individuals from the Boston area who are modeling successful paths to leadership and positive change in their communities. The panelists included Director of Research and Development at John Hancock Natasha Barrientos, Talent Acquisition Partner at Partners HealthCare Katherine Melanson, Director of Boston Programs at Teen Empowerment Jaquell Sneed, and Boston University alum and State Representative Andy Vargas.We need to level the playing field for young people who dont have equal access to the work experiences and networks we know are critical to building long-term skills, self-confidence and financial empowerment, said Marianne Harrison, John Hancock president and CEO. A goal at John Hancock is to create a healthier, more equitable Boston and the MLK Scholars program is designed to help make that vision a reality. Thank you to all of our partners for making this work possible.In collaboration with the City of Boston, Boston University, Partners HealthCare, and The Boston Globe, MLK Scholars are employed approximately 20-25 hours a week across 58 Boston not-for-profit organizations. John Hancock funds salaries for all participants through its annual $1 million commitment.The programs Mayor Menino Leadership Forums, the first of which was today, are held on Fridays throughout the summer to provide life and job readiness skills for the Scholars. Since 2013, John Hancock has integrated digital financial education into the Leadership Forums, which all Scholars complete, via a partnership with EVERFI. Scholars are provided access to EVERFIs financial literacy platform that provides basic knowledge to help them manage their financial lives and achieve future-oriented goals. John Hancock continues to expand access to EVERFI, allowing Boston students from all summer jobs programs to participate in the curriculum.About John Hancock and ManulifeJohn Hancock is a division of Manulife Financial Corporation, a leading international financial services group that helps people make their decisions easier and lives better. We operate primarily as John Hancock in the United States, and Manulife elsewhere. We provide financial advice, insurance and wealth and asset management solutions for individuals, groups and institutions. Assets under management and administration by Manulife and its subsidiaries were over CAD $1.1 trillion (US$849 billion) as of March 31, 2019. Manulife Financial Corporation trades as MFC on the TSX, NYSE, and PSE, and under 945 on the SEHK. Manulife can be found at manulife.com.One of the largest life insurers in the United States, John Hancock supports more than 10 million Americans with a broad range of financial products, including life insurance, annuities, investments, 401(k) plans, and college savings plans. Additional information about John Hancock may be found at johnhancock.com.###
BOSTON - Friday, July 19, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh yesterday announced the City of Boston has finalized details for an enhanced mortgage program for first-time homebuyers. This project represents the culmination of efforts by Mayor Walsh's Barriers to Homeownership Working Group, which works to create more homeownership opportunities for low- and middle-income families and families of color. The ONE+Boston mortgage product will be offered by the Massachusetts Housing Partnership (MHP) and was supported by the Massachusetts Affordable Housing Alliance (MAHA) and Greater Boston Interfaith Organization (GBIO), long-time advocates for innovative and creative programs that address need and remove barriers."The ONE+Boston Mortgage will expand the purchasing power for Bostonians interested in becoming first-time homebuyers. This is a great use of Community Preservation funds and an investment in Boston's future that strengthens homeownership and gives residents a chance to buy a home in the neighborhoods they love," said Mayor Walsh. "I commend the Barriers to Homeownership Working Group, MAHA and GBIO for their leadership and advocacy in creating this product, and thank MHP and the participating lenders for their partnership and commitment to innovation in the mortgage marketplace."ONE+Boston Mortgage permanently reduces interest rate in partnershipwith the City of Boston and housing advocatesThe new ONE+Boston mortgage will utilize $3.8 million in Community Preservation fundspreviously announcedthis spring. These City of Boston funds generated from the Community Preservation Act will finance a permanent reduction in the interest rate of a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage for income-eligible Bostonians buying their first home within the city limits. This interest-rate reduction means the new homebuyer could afford a larger mortgage at a monthly payment that is still affordable to them, and ultimately, translates into more buying power for the new homebuyer."Our homebuyer graduates need good news and this new program certainly qualifies," said Symone Crawford, Mattapan resident and director of Homeownership Education at MAHA. "We are thrilled to be partnering with Mayor Walsh and his housing team, MHP, and participating lenders to assist more first-time homebuyers in Boston's neighborhoods. For nearly 30 years, ONE Mortgage has done more to close the racial homeownership gap, and with this important enhancement, we can do even more."ONE+Boston will enhance Massachusetts Housing Partnership's (MHP's) ONE Mortgage Program for first-time homebuyers earning less than 100% of Area Median Income (AMI), or $90,000 for a two-person household, to permanently buy-down interest rates. This interest rate write down may be combined with additional financial assistance from the City of Boston through theBoston Home Center. Homes purchased through this mortgage product may be market-rate, or income-restricted. The total amount a borrower can receive between the write down and BHC downpayment/closing cost assistance is $50,000."Thanks to the City of Boston's leadership, ONE+Boston will substantially expand the impact of the ONE Mortgage Program, which has enjoyed strong support from the Baker-Polito administration and has helped more than 5,000 families become successful first-time homeowners in the City of Boston," said Clark Ziegler, executive director of the Massachusetts Housing Partnership (MHP), the quasi-public organization that helped create and administers ONE Mortgage."The ONE Mortgage Program has been an incredibly impactful lending program for the community, empowering thousands of Massachusetts residents to purchase a place to call home," said Nancy Monbouquette, Vice President and Home Mortgage New England regional manager at Citizens Bank, a ONE+Boston participating lender. "We are pleased to continue working with such outstanding organizations like the City of Boston, Massachusetts Housing Partnership and Massachusetts Affordable Housing Alliance. Through these partnerships and this innovative expansion of the ONE Mortgage Program, we will be able to help even more Bostonians reach their homeownership goals."The ONE+Boston mortgage product will be available at Citizens Bank, the City of Boston Credit Union, Eastern Bank, Rockland Trust, Boston Private Bank, Cambridge Trust, and Santander Bank beginning this fall. These seven lenders are the top current ONE lenders in Boston, and routinely work with Boston Home Center first-time homebuyers, often utilizing MHP's ONE Mortgage. The demonstration project will likely be scaled up to include other lenders in the future.ABOUT HOUSING A CHANGING CITY: BOSTON 2030In 2018, Mayor Martin J. Walsh updated his comprehensive housing strategy,Housing A Changing City: Boston 2030to increase the City's overall housing goal to 69,000 new units by 2030, to meet Boston's faster than expected population growth. These 69,000 new units include 15,820 new income-restricted units, which would elevate Boston's income-restricted inventory total to 70,000, or one in five of all housing units. In addition, the 2018 Update set a goal to preserve 85 percent of Boston's most at-risk privately-owned affordable units, to purchase 1,000 units of rental housing stock from the speculative market and income-restrict it for perpetuity, and to help 5,000 Bostonians become first time homebuyers.ABOUT THE COMMUNITY PRESERVATION ACT (CPA)After Boston voters adopted the CPA in November 2016, the City created a Community Preservation Fund. This fund is capitalized primarily by a one percent property tax-based surcharge on residential and business property tax bills that began in July 2017. The City uses this revenue to fund initiatives consistent with statewide CPA guidelines: affordable housing, historic preservation, and open space and public recreation. The funding of any project requires a recommendation from the Community Preservation Committee and appropriation by the City. For more information, please visit theCommunity Preservation webpage.###
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced new dates for the "Mayor on Main" trolley tour, which was rescheduled due to weather conditions. The three-day event which highlights Boston's Main Streets (BMS) districts every year is now set to kick off on Monday, July 22. During Mayor on Main, Mayor Walsh will visit businesses and present the 23rd Annual Boston Main Streets Awards, which recognize an outstanding business owner and volunteer from each district. This year's Mayor on Main tour will be held Monday, July 22, Monday, July 29, and Tuesday, July 30."I'm excited for another year of the 'Main on Main' trolley tour, which is an incredible opportunity to celebrate some of the City's most dynamic small businesses," said Mayor Walsh, "Small businesses are the lifeblood of our local economy and the backbone of our communities - they represent goods and services close to home, first jobs for our young people, and opportunities for our residents. I'm proud of initiatives like Boston Main Streets and business improvement districts, which support our local small business economy and I encourage everyone to visit, support, and explore Boston's small, local establishments."Boston's 40,000 small businesses fuel the City's economy and generate $15 billion in annual revenue, and 170,000 jobs. Boston Main Streets provides funding and technical assistance to 20 neighborhood-based Main Streets districts throughout the City of Boston, and has served as a national model for urban areas seeking to revitalize neighborhood commercial districts. Boston Main Streets continues to empower individuals in the small business sector to have a direct role in the economic health, physical appearance, and development of their own community.The tour will include nine stops over the course of three days:Monday, July 222:30 p.m. - Frugal Bookstore, Dudley Square Main StreetsAlso honoring Carolyn's Hair Salon, Mattapan Square Main Streets3:30 p.m. - Brendan Behan Pub, Hyde/Jackson Main StreetsAlso honoring Milkweed Cafe, Mission Hill Main Streets4:30 p.m. - Boomerangs, Washington Gateway Main StreetsAlso honoring Nam Pai Martial Arts Academy, Chinatown Main StreetsMonday, July 292:30 p.m. - Araujo Laundromat, Upham's Corner Main StreetsAlso honoring Empire Fashion, Bowdoin-Geneva Main Streets3:30 p.m. - One United Bank, Greater Grove Hall Main StreetsAlso honoring TCB, The Cooperative Bank, West Roxbury Main Streets4:30 p.m. - SnapChef, Four Corners Main StreetsAlso honoring CoCo Leaf Dessert Cafe, Fields Corner Main Streets, and Tasha Michelle Kloset, Greater Ashmont Main StreetsTuesday, July 3012:00 p.m. - PikaloX, Egleston Square Main StreetsAlso honoring Little Dipper, JP Centre/South Main Streets, and Joanne Rossman: Purveyor of the Unnecessary and the Irresistible, Roslindale Village Main Streets1:00 p.m. - Sammy Carlo's, East Boston Main StreetsAlso honoring The Fairmount Grille, Hyde Park Main Streets2:00 p.m. - John Ryan Insurance, Brighton Main StreetsAlso honoring Arcand Associates, Allston Village Main StreetsThe Office of Economic Development's mission is to make Boston an appealing and accessible place for working families, entrepreneurs, businesses, and investors to innovate, grow, and thrive in a way that fosters inclusion, broadens opportunity, and shares prosperity, thereby enhancing the quality of life for all Bostonians and the experience for all visitors. Learn more on theirwebsite.Developed out of a partnership between the City of Boston and the National Trust for Historic Preservation, the Boston Main Streets initiative was created in 1995 as the first urban, multi-district Main Streets program in the nation, with the goal of establishing thriving commercial districts throughout the city. Boston Main Streets is a successful model for urban commercial district revitalization that strengthens local business districts through strong organizational development, community participation, resident and merchant education and sustainable development. Boston Main Streets continues to empower individuals in the small business sector to have a direct role in the economic health, physical appearance, and development of their own community.The Boston Main Streets Foundation is committed to making Boston's neighborhood commercial districts thriving, vibrant centers of commerce and community through its support of the Boston Main Streets program. The Boston Main Streets Foundation seeks to develop long-term strategies to increase the economic power and resources of neighborhood commercial districts while pursuing initiatives that build knowledge and capacity for Main Streets programs and the businesses they serve.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that in anticipation of the hot and humid weather that is forecasted for this weekend, the City of Boston has declared a heat emergency, beginning Friday at noon through Sunday evening. Temperatures are expected to be between 92 and 96 degrees with a real feel temperature of between 96 and 102 degrees with a real feel temperature of between mid 90s to 112 degrees.To help residents stay cool,additional community centers will be opened on Saturday, July 20, and Sunday, July 21. BCYF locationsnot normally scheduled to be open will operate 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.BCYF Marshall will be closed due to maintenance. All other BCYF locations will operate their scheduled hours. You can find more information about the centers including hours of operation and a brief form to fill out before swimmingon our places to stay cool website. Heat emergency programming will begin at BCYF centers starting at noon on Friday.Information on heat safety tips can be found online on our heat emergency page,and by following @CityofBoston on Twitter. Residents can sign up for Alert Boston, the City's emergency notification system, to receive emergency alerts by phone, email or text.Residents are also encouraged to call 311 with any questions about available City services.The Mayor issued the following heat safety tips for all members of the public:Children should always wear shoes on playgrounds because surfaces can become extremely hot and cause burns, even splash pads and spray decks.
BOSTON - Thursday, July 18, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh and theMayor's Office of Workforce Development(OWD) today announced a $1.2 million investment inalternative education, career exploration, and career training programs that will open doors to economic opportunity for Boston's young people.The funds, which come to the City through the federal Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA), will support eight local nonprofit organizations that serve young people ages 14-24 with an emphasis on those who have experienced challenges such as homelessness, poverty, court involvement, or physical or mental disability."Boston's young people represent Boston's talent and future, and creating more opportunities for them is one of the most worthwhile investments we can make," said Mayor Walsh. "Our City is fortunate to have key community organizations with on-the-ground expertise to guide our young people along to ensure they receive every opportunity possible. They are crucial partners in our work to ensure that every resident, of every age, can pursue their full potential.""Under Mayor Walsh's leadership, the City has made major investments in the transition from youth to adulthood and financial independence for the young people of our neighborhoods. It is so important to provide opportunities for such a broad spectrum of youth and young adults," said Michael O'Neill, Chair of the Youth Council of Boston's MassHire Workforce Board, which approves WIOA spending, and a member of the Boston Public School Committee.The funded programs, which are expected to serve more than 170 young people from July 2019-June 2020, represent a diversity of neighborhoods and program models.College Bound Dorchester, for example, engages court-involved youth in skills-based apprenticeships at a Seaport boat shop. Another recipient,More Than Words, teaches career readiness within the context of a youth-run bookselling business in the South End.Work experiences such as these can have a profound impact on a variety of life outcomes. Arecent report commissioned by OWDfound that youth participating in Boston's summer jobs program showed a 35 percent decrease in violent crime arraignments and a 57 percent decrease in property crime arraignments relative to a control group. These participants also had fewer unexcused absences at school.All of the funded programs will help youth advance along defined pathways toward individualized goals. For example, a young person might progress from a first-time work experience to a higher-paying job, or from a completed high school degree to an industry certificate or higher education. Along the way, youth will also receive support with personal challenges that have hindered their success in the past.Yiovani Castillo, 21, of Brighton is one of many young people who have benefited from this life-changing support. When Castillo came toX-Cel Educationto finish his high school education, he was earning minimum wage at a grocery store and caring for his five siblings."It's hard to be a brother and a father at the same time, plus trying to work and finish up school. Here [at X-Cel] I had people to support me educationally, emotionally, mentally - even with things going on outside the program," said Castillo.Through the program Castillo not only earned his high school credentials, but also completed two internships. He is now training to become a certified wastewater operator with a national construction engineering company.Recipient organizations were selected through an open and competitive Request for Proposals (RFP) process overseen by OWD and theBoston Private Industry Council.A review committee evaluated the proposals based on applicants' ability to produce long-term outcomes in career readiness.In addition to the eight nonprofits, funds will be allocated forskills assessment testing, and, new this year, the creation of an online directory that organizations can use to locate additional support services - ranging from financial literacy to housing assistance - for the youth they serve.OrganizationProgramFundingFocusAction for Boston Community DevelopmentUniversity High School$433,893Students who struggled in traditional schools work toward their Boston Public School diplomaAction for Boston Community DevelopmentCareer ExplorationsAsian American Civic AssociationHire Values Youth Center$72,702Out-of-school youth train in medical office support, building maintenance, retail banking & financeEl Centro del CardenalYouth Education Program$91,651Latinx youth receive bilingual instruction to prepare for the high school equivalency examCollege Bound DorchesterCollege Connections Marine Apprenticeship Pathway$101,634Court-involved youth complete HiSET while working in a marine settingEast Boston Neighborhood Health CenterHealth Career Pathways & Nursing Assistant Training$76,376Youth learn about healthcare careers in preparation for personal care assistant trainingEDCO Youth AlternativeAlternative High School Program$204,849Youth work toward their high school diplomaMore Than WordsBoston Social Enterprise$112,555Youth gain job skills by running a book-selling businessX-Cel EducationPathways to Careers Initiative$83,847Youth prepare for the high school equivalency examBoston Youth Services Directory & CASAS testing$25,475Programs connect to other youth services, get pre- and post-program assessment toolsTOTAL$1,202,981###
As temperatures rise and you find yourselfsearching for ways to beat the heat  indoors or outdoors  we have you covered. From dance classes to movie nights, there is something in the City for everyone.We're holding free fitness classes this summer in neighborhood parks. Activities include:There are classes every day of the week. Anyone is welcome to join, no matter what their fitness level is. Take a look at the Summer Fitness Map to find a class near you! The program ends on September 28.Grab your popcorn and a blanket and head to the park! Join us for movies under the stars in Boston Parks throughout August and September. These events start at dusk. Featured movies include:The series of arts workshops for children gives kids the chance to express their creativity while working on fun projects with local artists. From Allston to Mattapan, children ages three to 10 can enjoy:These events take place on Fridays at different locations across the City from 10 a.m. - 12 p.m. Find a workshop near your family.These free drop-in programs provide structured games, sport activities, and arts projects for kids ages 8-14. Fun Stops are an affordable, flexible option for parents who are looking for a summer activity for their child for a couple hours a day.Fun Stops run through August 16, 2019 at the following BCYF locations:GospelFest is New Englands largest Gospel music celebration and is free and open to all. Now in its 19th year, this gospel festival blends contemporary and traditional gospel melodies. GospelFest also showcases national and local gospel talent.Head down to City Hall Plaza on August 11, 2019, from 5 - 8 p.m. for a concert the whole family will enjoy!This day-long celebration, now in its fourth year, encourages Bostonians of all ages to move, cycle, play, and dance together. Boston Social Fitness Festival is a free, day-long celebration of getting Boston moving, featuring fun activities for all ages and fitness levels!On September 21, 2019, make your way down to City Hall Plaza from 10 a.m. - 3 p.m. and enjoy a day in the sun! You can learn more about the Social Fitness Festival online.Swing by City Hall Plaza on September 26 from 7 - 9 p.m. and bring your dancing shoes! Were holding a free country concert on City Hall Plaza. While we havent confirmed performers for this year, previous years have brought Eli Young Band and Scotty McCreery to the City Hall Plaza stage.These are just a few of the many, many, events happening around Boston in August and September! You can learn about all of the fun and exciting events that await you this summer on our calendar page.This blog post was written by Caroline King, a summer content fellow for the Digital Team. She's currently going into her senior year at Emerson College, where she's majoring in Communication Studies. Connect with her on LinkedIn.
Mayor Martin J. Walshs Movie Nights, part of the Boston Parks and Recreation Departments ParkARTS program, return in August and September giving residents and visitors the opportunity to enjoy popular films under the night skies in 11 City of Boston parks.All shows begin at dusk (approximately 7:45 p.m.) and are sponsored by Bank of America and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department with support from the Mayors Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment, Highland Street Foundation, and HOT 96.9. Snacks and beverages will be provided by NextHome Titletown Real Estate.For more information please call 617-635-4505 or visit the Boston Parks and Recreation Department online on Facebook, or on the ParkARTS website.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the revamp of the City's violence prevention and intervention program, formerly known as the Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Streetworker Program. SOAR Boston (which stands for Street Outreach, Advocacy and Response) brings an evidence-based approach to reduce recidivism, intervene in violent activity, and create pathways for active gang-involved youth and young adults in the city. Mayor Walsh appointed Talia Rivera as SOAR Boston's director, the first woman to lead and oversee the program since it was created in the early 1990s.Under Rivera's direction, SOAR Boston will work to reduce recidivism and intervene in violent activity by working towards the following goals:Rivera will use best practices from violence prevention and intervention efforts, as well as Boston-based data to meet the goals above and have a measurable impact on youth crime and violence in the City. SOAR Boston will work across City departments and incorporate all relevant services across the full continuum, allowing the City to identify gaps in services and better coordinate existing efforts, as well as put formal partnerships in place with external partners to provide key services and resources."Having over 20 years of experience working with children, youth and families, including my time as a Streetworker, I know how challenging it can be for our communities to gain solid footing and climb the ladder to success," said Talia Rivera, director of SOAR Boston. "I am thankful to Mayor Walsh for giving me this opportunity and for allocating critical resources that will bring about meaningful change in our neighborhoods throughout Boston."As a former BCYF Streetworker, Rivera worked with the Boston Police Department, the court system, and local community and faith-based organizations to prevent youth violence by building deep authentic relationships with gang-involved youth and connect them to important resources.Most recently Rivera served as executive director of the Boston TenPoint Coalition, an ecumenical group of Christian clergy and lay leaders working to mobilize the community around issues affecting black and Latino youth. During this time, she worked with the Board of Directors to set the vision and strategic direction of the organization and deepen its impact while also meeting its operational goals and sustaining fiscal health.Prior to her work at the Boston TenPoint Coalition, Rivera served as director of connectivity and learning at Boston Rising, an anti-poverty fund focused on breaking the cycle of generational poverty. At Boston Rising she founded their signature grantmaking initiative, the Grove Hall Trust (GHT), a resident-led neighborhood foundation that puts control and choice of philanthropic investments in the hands of individuals who reside and work within the community."We are excited to partner with Talia Rivera in her new role leading this vital work in our City," said Mark Culliton, founder and CEO College Bound Dorchester. "It's a testament to Mayor Walsh, Chief of Health and Human Services Martinez, and the whole City of Boston that they invested in such a brilliant, hard working and committed leader to head SOAR Boston she and the whole team is sure to build on their current success and do even more to support the most vulnerable and disengaged individuals in Boston.""We are encouraged by Mayor Walsh, Chief Martinez, and the whole Administration's decision to enhance the City's Streetworker program," said Carl Miranda, director of Roca, Boston. "The structural changes made by the Walsh Administration will not only improve engagement with our young people but also create greater accountability and foster trust. We are enthusiastic about Talia Rivera's leadership and look forward to partnering with the new SOAR Boston program to create meaningful relationships within neighborhoods throughout Boston."For nearly 30 years, the BCYF Streetworker program played a critical role in the delivery of a youth violence prevention and early intervention program that was celebrated and replicated nationwide as a best practice model. The program was restructured in 2015 when Mayor Walsh led the integration of The Boston Foundation's Streetsafe Program into the Streetworker Program raising the total number of outreach workers on the streets of Boston. SOAR Boston will build on the foundation of the Streetworker program and introduce new approaches and violence prevention best practices with an emphasis on support and access to opportunities.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Boston's largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees citywide programs including SOAR Boston, the GIRLS Initiative, Camp Joy special needs program and many aquatic offerings. For information about BCYF, please visit Boston.gov/BCYF
Mayor Walsh has not declared a Heat Emergency. At this time, temperatures are expected to be between 85 and 97 degrees this week with a real feel temperature of between 93 to 105 degrees. Information on heat safety tips can be found online at boston.gov/heat and by following @CityofBoston on Twitter.The City of Boston's two outdoor pools, the BCYF Clougherty Pool in Charlestown and the BCYF Mirabella Pool in the North End as well as the City's "Family Friendly Beach" at the BCYF Curley Community Center in South Boston, opened for the season on Saturday, June 22. They are open seven days a week through Labor Day. BCYF also operates 16 indoor pools open year-round. Please check with your local BCYF center for all hours of operation.Residents can sign up for Alert Boston, the City's emergency notification system, to receive emergency alerts by phone, email or text. Sign up online here. Residents are also encouraged to call 311 with any questions about available city services.Heat Safety:Helping the Homeless:Playground Safety:Outdoor Fires and Grilling:Mosquitoes and Ticks:
BOSTON - Tuesday, July 16, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today offered testimony before the Joint Committee on the Judiciary at the Massachusetts State House in support of bills that would ensure the right to counsel in eviction proceedings and protections for older adults in just-cause evictions. The bills are part of Mayor Walsh's legislative package, which focuses on expanding the work that Boston has done to address the region's housing crisis by proposing new and existing tools to help existing tenants remain in their homes and create additional funding for affordable housing."These bills rank among the highest priorities for the City of Boston this legislative session. They advance our commitment to being a city where everyone has access to a stable and secure home-regardless of income, age, or family situation," said Mayor Walsh in his testimony. "They reflect our belief that a successful city must be a caring community, where nobody is left behind or forced to leave."An Act to ensure right to counsel in eviction proceedings, sponsored by Representative Chynah Tyler and Senator Sal DiDomenico would provide any low-income tenant facing eviction with a court-appointed attorney for representation. There were over 37,000 eviction filings resulting in 15,708 evictions in Massachusetts in 2016, according to the Eviction Lab. Landlords were represented by counsel in 58 percent of cases while tenants were represented by counsel in only 8 percent of cases."I am proud to partner with Mayor Walsh and file this legislation to ensure the right to counsel in eviction proceedings for Massachusetts's low-income residents. With an estimated 43 evictions in our Commonwealth every day, it is clear the current system isn't working," said Senator Sal DiDomenico. "To be certain, this statistic is not simply a number it represents the displacement of our most vulnerable residents like our seniors and families living in poverty. It's time for us to level the playing field and adopt a right to counsel policy to help keep families in their homes.""We have a big displacement crisis in the City of Boston and evictions are a large part of that," said Representative Chynah Tyler. "My district has been hit the hardest by this problem and it will continue to get worse without some type of intervention. Expanding access to legal services in eviction proceedings is a necessary tool we need in order to prevent the negative effects of this crisis including homelessness."An Act relative to the just cause eviction of elderly lessees, sponsored by Representative Adrian Madaro would prohibit no-fault eviction of people over 75 years of age, limiting rent increases to 5 percent per year to prevent landlords from using large rent increases to get around just cause protections. Eviction would only be permitted for good cause such as, for example, failure to pay rent, damage to the property, use of the premises for illegal activities. Over the last six months, the housing team at the City's Age Strong Commission has advocated for residents in 10 active court cases involving older Boston residents."Elderly tenants are some of the most vulnerable members of our communities when it comes to displacement and eviction," said Representative Adrian Madaro. "We should be caring for our seniors, not putting them out on the streets. I'm proud to partner with Mayor Walsh to offer this bill and spark the discussion about keeping our longtime residents in their homes."Below are Mayor Walsh's remarks, as prepared for delivery:Good afternoon: Chairman [James] Eldridge, Chairwoman [Claire] Cronin, and members of the Committee. My name is Martin J. Walsh and I am the Mayor of Boston. I am here today to testify in support of legislation that would strengthen legal protections for elderly and low-income tenants of rental housing.The first is H.3373, An Act Relative to the Just Cause Eviction of Elderly Lessees, sponsored by Rep. Adrian Madaro. The second is S. 913 and H. 3456, An Act to Ensure Right to Counsel in Eviction Proceedings, sponsored by Sen. Sal DiDomenico and Rep. Chynah Tyler.These bills rank among the highest priorities for the City of Boston this legislative session. They advance our commitment to being a city where everyone has access to a stable and secure home-regardless of income, age, or family situation. And they reflect our belief that a successful city must be a caring community, where nobody is left behind or forced to leave.That's why we're building more subsidized housing than ever before. We're continually working with nonprofit partners on creating and preserving senior housing. We created an Office of Housing Stability to support tenants facing displacement. And we're investing city funds in public housing.But in light of increased housing demand and continual pressure on rents, our most vulnerable elders and families need protections-protections from eviction, from homelessness, and from all the traumas these crises inflict on our communities. That's what these bills provide.H. 3373 would allow municipalities to protect our most vulnerable elderly residents from unfair evictions. Boston's Age Strong Commission answers several calls each week from distraught seniors facing eviction-with an increasing number from seniors over the age of 75. These seniors call us because they have nowhere else to turn, and nowhere else to live. In one case, a 77-year-old man has lived in his home in the Fenway for over 40 years, but this summer received notice to quit, with no cause given. In another, an 88-year-old lives in a building that was sold, and the new landlord wants a big rent increase that he can't possibly afford. This treatment is not acceptable for seniors who spent their lives here and helped build our communities.Our legislation would provide tenants over the age of 75 with "just cause" protection. This term simply means that landlords must provide a legitimate reason for eviction, such as failure to pay rent, damage to the property, or illegal activity. Landlords could still raise rents each year by as much as five percent. And the bill exempts properties with five or fewer units-because we know that some small property owners are renting at below-market rents to long-term elderly tenants. We want to protect those arrangements and we want to protect our most vulnerable seniors.For the wider population of tenants who face eviction, right-to-counsel legislation would provide much-needed access to justice. It would make legal representation in eviction proceedings a right, just like it is for defendants in criminal cases. If a tenant could not afford their own attorney, one would be appointed for them by the Massachusetts Committee for Public Counsel Services.This is not about stacking the deck in favor of a tenant-it's about ensuring equal justice under the law. Currently, there is a large imbalance in access to counsel between landlords and tenants. In the most recent data, landlords were represented by counsel in over 58% of cases, while tenants were represented in just eight percent of cases.That means over 9 out of 10 tenants facing eviction do not have a lawyer present for one of the most life-altering and potentially damaging legal situations they will ever face.Evidence from other cities, including New York, shows that right-to-counsel reduces evictions and has a positive impact on court efficiency. Counsel can help negotiate mutually beneficial outcomes, such as a payment agreement or an extension of time to find alternative housing.One recent case came to the attention of our Office of Housing Stability. A tenant had been evicted after 21 years, with no legal representation. He had missed a few hundred dollars of rent-but at the same time, the landlord had failed to repair faulty windows. If he had counsel, they could have argued that these conditions deserved more lenient treatment, and worked out an agreement that helped both sides meet their obligations.Finally, the cost of providing counsel would be at least partially offset by savings in homeless services. According to a 2014 study, 15% of evicted families and 20% of evicted individuals in Massachusetts wind up in shelter. With up to 43 evictions happening in our state every day, we could save from $12 to $35 million on emergency housing and shelter costs annually.Right to counsel is a significant step, and this legislation would not take it lightly. It calls for a public task force, reporting back to the Legislature on an implementation plan that takes into account recruitment, standards, data sharing, and cost. The right to counsel would not go into effect until two years after the task force's report.Eviction was once considered an inevitable outcome of poverty. Today, experts like Harvard's Matthew Desmond have shown that eviction, in fact, perpetuates poverty and deepens inequality. Evictions disproportionately harm women of color, especially single mothers. They disrupt children's education, health, and social development. They trap families in poverty and block upward mobility. It's no exaggeration to call eviction a national social crisis. Here in the Commonwealth, we should maintain our national leadership by responding to this crisis with just, humane, and effective policies.Before I close, I want to add my support to another piece of legislation you will hear today. The HOMES Act is filed by Majority Leader Mike Moran and Sen. Joseph Boncore, as H. 3566 and S. 824, and it enjoys the support and advocacy of Boston City Councilor Lydia Edwards. It would seal court records from landlords and prohibit asking applicants about housing history-when applying for housing, shelter, jobs, credit, or employment. It's another way we can limit the damage caused by evictions, support economic mobility, and strengthen our communities.I respectfully ask you to recommend passage of the bills I've mentioned today. I welcome continued conversation and discussion of these and related pieces of legislation. I thank you for the opportunity to speak and I'm happy to answer any questions you may have.###
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch of the2019 Boston Summer Eats Program, expanding access to healthy meals by providing free and nutritious meals to youth ages 18 and under at more than 100 locations throughout the city."No child in Boston should ever go hungry, and this program helps serve all students throughout the summer months," said Mayor Walsh. "I am proud that through Boston Summer Eats, we are we are reducing food insecurity one child at a time, making sure that Boston's students are happy, healthy, and ready before they return to the classroom next school year."The Boston Summer Eats program is led by the Mayor's Office of Food Access (OFA) in partnership with Project Bread, the Greater Boston YMCA, and Boston Public Schools Food & Nutrition Services. The program provides free, nutritious meals and engaging programming to youth age 18 and under at over100 locationsaround the City of Boston, including selected Boston Public Library branches, Boston Housing Authority properties, Farmers Markets, community and faith-based organizations, Boston City Hall, and the Bruce Bolling Building."The Boston Summer Eats program is a great example of our all-hands-on-deck approach to meeting the needs of students in the Boston Public Schools," said BPS Superintendent Brenda Cassellius. "When students are well fed and ready to learn, they're more likely to be happy and engaged with learning, whether it's in the world around them during summer break or in the classroom. This also eases the burden on parents who want to make sure their kids are eating healthy meals during the summer."The program helps fill the gap in food access when school is not in session and students lose access to the daily school meals on which many rely. This year the Mayor's Office of Food Access added 13 total Summer Eats meal sites, including a new mobile meal site which will provide meals in at least one neighborhood per day around the City. In addition to food insecurity, the program addresses and mitigates summer learning loss by providing educational and fun activities."The YMCA of Greater Boston will serve approximately 300,000 meals at more than 80 locations this summer," said James Morton, President and CEO of the YMCA of Greater Boston. "During the summer months, 80.3 percent of students who eat lunch at school during the school year do not participate in a summer food program, and we are pleased to join the Mayor's Office of Food Access and others to end childhood hunger in Boston."In Eastern Massachusetts, one in nine children and one in eleven adults live with food insecurity. Food insecurity is defined by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) as lack of access to enough food for an active, healthy life."Hunger doesn't disappear in the summer. The same students who count on school food for more than half their daily nutrition are at risk for summer hunger and learning loss when school is on break and those meals are unavailable," says Erin McAleer, President of Project Bread. "Summer Eats is an effective way to close that gap. We can help kids and teens stay healthy so they are both ready to learn when it is time to head back to school and also more likely to stay healthy in the future."Boston Summer Eats sites, supported and managed by the Mayor's Office of Food Access, are funded by the Boston Children's Hospital Collaboration for Community Health. This grant expands and enhances the Boston Summer Eats program across the community, making sure that difficult-to-reach populations experiencing food insecurity are aware of the program and have increased access to healthy food."For more than 25 years, Boston Children's has dedicated resources and used its expertise to improve child health outcomes beyond the walls of our hospital," says Sandra L. Fenwick, Chief Executive Officer of Boston Children's Hospital. "Through the Collaboration for Community Health, we're able to further extend by helping more community partners to implement programs and strategies that are vital to a child's overall health."Through the Collaboration for Community Health, the City has been able to fund 32 new nontraditional sites in Boston's neighborhoods to provide meals to kids and teens ages 18 and under. These are existing locations in the neighborhoods for community building, and adding the summer meal aspect for youth is an added resource to help communities thrive this summer.Last summer, over 18,500 meals were served by Boston Summer Eats. Meals are available on a first come, first served basis at the followinglocations and times. No registration or identification is required.To learn more about the Boston Summer Eats program and to find additional locations across the state, individuals can text "Food" or "Comida" to 877-877, call Project Bread's FoodSource Hotline at 1-800-645-8333, or visitwww.meals4kids.org.The Mayor's Office of Food Access strives to give all residents of Boston access to nutritious, affordable, culturally conscious food. Keeping the diversity of Boston's population at heart, OFA's goal is to create a more food secure City with a vibrant, inclusive food culture.Project Bread is committed to preventing and ending hunger in Massachusetts. As a leading statewide anti-hunger organization, Project Bread approaches hunger as a complex problem with multiple solutions, providing immediate access to affordable, healthy food while also eradicating the systemic causes of hunger. Project Bread creates innovative initiatives and supports effective programs to end food insecurity in Massachusetts. For more information on Project Bread, visitwww.projectbread.com.The YMCA is the nation's leading nonprofit committed to strengthening communities through youth development, healthy living and social responsibility.The Y makes accessible the support and opportunities that empower people and communities to learn, grow and thrive. With a focus on youth development, healthy living and social responsibility, the Y nurtures the potential of every youth and teen, improves the nation's health and well-being and provides opportunities to give back and support neighbors.Boston Children's Hospital is a 404-bed comprehensive center for pediatric health care. As one of the largest pediatric medical centers in the United States, Boston Children's offers a complete range of health care services for children from birth through 21 years of age. Children's Hospital has approximately 25,000 inpatient admissions each year and their 200+ specialized clinical programs schedule 557,000 visits annually. Last year, the hospital performed more than 26,500 surgical procedures and 214,000 radiological examinations. Their team of physicians and nurses has been recognized by a number of independent organizations for overall excellence, and a dedication to quality and patient safety is embedded in everything they do.
Mark your calendar and bring your friends and family to a fun and free Neighborhood Block Party and learn more about your neighborhood community centers! Select Thursday nights in July and August from 5:00 to 7:00 p.m., the BCYF Neighborhood Block Parties will offer a variety of free activities including music, a cookout, activities, swimming (as indicated below), and resource tables from many City of Boston departments and other agencies with lots of great information to share and giveaways.This summers schedule is as follows:In the case of rain or other weather issues, please check BCYFs social media pages (@BCYFCenters) for updates. The Block Parties are generously supported by the Foundation for BCYF.About Boston Centers for Youth and FamiliesBoston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program, the GIRLS Initiative, Camp Joy special needs program and many aquatic offerings. For information about all of BCYFs summer programs visit Boston.gov/BCYF-summer.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh, along with the City's Chief of Operations Patrick Brophy, Boston Public Library president David Leonard, and members of the community gathered yesterday to celebrate the groundbreaking of the renovated Adams Street Branch of the Boston Public Library. The event celebrated the start of construction for the renovated Adams Street branch, an $18.3 million collaborative development including the City of Boston Public Facilities Department and the Boston Public Library, in partnership with NADAAA Architects and J and J Contractors Inc."Our public libraries represent our shared values. The investments we are making in our neighborhood libraries are a direct reflection of the love of libraries that I see and hear from our residents," said Mayor Walsh. "If you go to any branch library in the city after school, you will see children from all different backgrounds reading books, asking questions, doing projects, and exploring worlds of imagination and information. They're finding material to build their dreams with, and I'm proud that we're creating new spaces for them to do exactly that."The Adams Street Branch opened in its current location in 1951 as one of six branches in Dorchester, but until now, had seen limited capital investment since its establishment. A 2016 feasibility study, undertaken by the BPL, the Public Facilities Department, the community, and the design team helped identify the community's goals and priorities for the renovation, such as transparency, inclusion, and access.New amenities in the Adams Street Branch will include updated technology, expanded program space, and high-performance, sustainable systems. Enhancements over the former library will include a more accessible front door, easier access to library collections, a larger Community Room, new study and conference rooms, and a music room.The future Adams Street Branch doubles the size of the current branch, and will also include:The building landscape is planned as a tribute to the 20thcentury Adams Street Branch and is a sustainable, low-maintenance green space. At the southern edge, along Delmont Avenue, the building splits to draw additional light into the Adult and Children's sections, as well as creating a rain garden will absorb much of the roof's run-off. On the northern side, along Oakton Avenue, a great heritage Pin Oak will remain, and the Reading Garden will be recreated with expanded seating and space for outdoor programs."The Friends of the Adams Street Branch Library along with members of the community are excited about today's groundbreaking," said Grace Hebard, president of the Friends of the Adams Street Branch Library. "We would like to thank Mayor Walsh and the Boston Public Library for this significant investment in this neighborhood treasure. We appreciate the process that allowed us to give input into the design of the new library, and look forward to our continued involvement through construction and beyond."The Adams Street Branch Library will close at the end of service on Friday, July 12, 2019. Library services will continue at the Fields Corner and Lower Mills branches. The Lower Mills branch will reopen on Saturday, July 13, following a $226,000 renovation, including replacement of the Borrowers Service desk and flooring, along with painting throughout the branch.These renovations represent a significant investment in the City's branch libraries as part of Mayor Walsh'scapital budget. The Mayor's capital plan includes a $127 million investment in Boston's library system, includinga $12.6 million renovation at the Faneuil Branch Library and $10.2 million renovation at the Roslindale Branch Library programming studies for the West End, Codman Square and Uphams Corner branches a comprehensive $17.2 million building renovation at the Dudley Branch Library finalization of a programming study for a new Fields Corner Branch Library and a $15.7 million renovation project at the Central Library in Copley Square, which will enhance the preservation of BPL's historic special collections.Rendering of the future Adams Street Branch of the Boston Public Library.
When the Digital Team creates tools and services, our focus is on everyone. We want to build experiences that are accessible to as many people as possible. But, in some cases, we work on projects where our target audience is smaller and much more specific. Thats definitely the case with our efforts around the Mayors Office of Returning Citizens. The office supports those who return to Boston after being released from state, federal, and county jails and prisons each year. They also help those who were previously incarcerated.The people Returning Citizens attempts to reach often face challenges different from those encountered by the general public. To get a better understanding of how these folks would like to connect with important resources through Boston.gov, we teamed up with one of our local partners, General Assembly. They tasked a cohort of students in their User Experience Design Immersive with figuring out how to create a better experience for them on Boston.gov. The blog post below was written by the students about their experience.To get started, we held a kickoff meeting with the Digital Team and the Office of Returning Citizens. Returning Citizens was established in 2017 to support the re-entry of individuals coming out of incarceration. Our goal was to first understand the needs of people who are facing re-entry. We then used what we learned from that research to propose a redesign of their presence on Boston.gov.At the time we started working on the project, their site functioned more like an about page explaining the office. We saw an opportunity to create a page that acts like more of a support platform to directly point returning citizens to the services they may need. We were inspired by the fact that our design decisions could support a community members re-entry goals.In just one week, we interviewed 14 people, each navigating a different phase of the re-entry process. These interviews were conducted at the Returning Citizens office and at the Suffolk County Sheriffs Department. The first part of our interviews focused on learning about each persons:The second part of our interviews focused on the current webpage. Each person provided feedback on what they would expect and like to see.Aside from interviews, we also performed a comparative analysis of other local government offices in the United States that have the same mission as Returning Citizens. We looked at relevant websites for eight different offices and compared different elements on the pages, including:We would later leverage some of these elements within the design we proposed.After talking with our users, we synthesized our data by grouping like concerns together to point out user needs and pain points. We then used an exercise called affinity mapping to identify the major challenge areas of our primary users. From this exercise, we defined the themes of our primary users as:We found that the majority of our primary users faced challenges with technology. We realized that we could not assume people have access to the Returning Citizens homepage. We proposed two solutions:As part of our work, we also defined a secondary user. Our research showed family and friends are using the page for information as well. We needed to make sure the solutions we designed spoke to them.After finalizing our research data and identifying our user needs, we came up with specific design features. If a proposed design feature fit more than one user need, we made sure to include it. This helped us narrow our scope to get to the key points addressed in our project. We set out to do a timed design studio. Our goal was to flesh out ideas and create a visual representation of designs that we could test with users.Usability tests allow us to view how screens flow with one another, and how users naturally interact with the design. We can figure out pretty quickly what works and doesnt work as a user goes through this flow. Many of the users we spoke to just wanted to see one of three things:Simplicity was key in our design. We created one page with all of our user needs provided as links on the page. In a section titled, Im looking for, we placed relevant information in buckets that would jump users to pages with more detailed information. We also made sure that a general intake form was easily accessible for users.

Sketches of the Returning Citizens redesign.


Keeping in line with the City of Bostons brand guidelines, it was critical for us to keep the wording conversational and easy-to-understand. Where we could in our designs, we also created a step system that guided people through what process they needed help with. We felt this type of design would help with trust and overall goal planning.Unfortunately, our project ran out of time before we were able to test out our new designs on users. But, we feel that weve laid the foundation for City staff to continue these efforts.With just three weeks to work on this project, we found that balancing expectations and adapting to changes were key learning points for our team. We were also continuously amazed and enlightened by the courageous efforts of those who work each day to help those affected by incarceration.We would like to thank those we spoke to who helped us gain insight into the Office of Returning Citizens and the re-entry journey. We were humbled and reminded of how much we take for granted in terms of access to information.General Assembly offers accelerated courses for in-demand skills in tech. The students we worked with were part of the Spring 2019 User Experience Design Immersive. Their work on Returning Citizens was a final project that they completed over three weeks. The students who took part in the project were Jenn Andersen, Cindy Matos, Lydia Gamache, and Perry DeNicola.
Special events taking place from Friday, July 12, through Sunday, July 14, will require street closings and parking restrictions in Boston. People coming into Boston to attend are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Friday, July 12, and Saturday, July 13The Bastille Day celebration will require the closing of Marlborough Street, from Berkeley Street to Clarendon Street, from 7 AM on Friday through 7 AM on Saturday.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Sunday, July 14Open Newbury Street will require the closing of Newbury Street, from Arlington Street to Massachusetts Avenue, from 9:30 AM to 6 PM.No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
The City of Boston is seeking information from interested parties for a potential large-scale program that would reduce the amount of food and yard waste that residents currently dispose of with their trash for weekly curbside collection. Respondents should focus on how their recommendations would decrease food waste, create cost savings for the City, decrease environmental impacts and support the Citys goals to go carbon neutral by 2050.The purpose of this Request for Information (RFI) is to narrow respondents scope by asking them to focus on how the City can reduce the amount of organics (food and yard waste) that is disposed of through weekly curbside trash collection. This RFI is looking for respondents to consider short term (2019-2024) solutions to this problem while considering the effectiveness of increasing the Citys composting services, increasing the usage of garbage disposals and rolling out a large scale communications plan to educate residents how to better utilize these systems and how they can contribute to improving the environmental health of the City. We are also asking respondents to look at this problem and provide recommended solutions through a financial perspective in addition to environmental impacts.While specific contracts are outside the scope of this solicitation, the City of Boston hopes to gain a comprehensive understanding of options currently available to reduce food and yard waste from ending up in incinerators. From this information, the City of Boston expects to confirm and narrow its interest in such an arrangement before proceeding with a full Request for Proposals (RFP) which respondents to this RFI can help shape, and therefore be in a stronger position when an RFP is published. Respondents are encouraged to provide creative solutions that maximize potential benefits and minimize financial risks to the City.The response deadline is Wednesday, August 29, 2019, at 5 p.m. View the Request for Information to learn more:Download the Request for Information
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today appointed Ryan T. Woods as the next Commissioner of Boston Parks and Recreation. A veteran of the department, Woods has served in the department since 2007 and will continue his service as the new leader for the department."Boston is a great parks city, and Ryan brings a wealth of internal and external experience to the role of Parks Commissioner, said Mayor Walsh. I am confident he is the right person to build on the department's mission of access, equity, and excellence, and look forward to his continuing leadership.I am very grateful for this opportunity to continue to work with the men and women of the Boston Parks and Recreation Department to create fun, safe and well maintained open spaces for Boston's residents and visitors to enjoy, said Woods.During his tenure with the Boston Parks and Recreation department, Woods has held roles as the Public-Private Partnerships Coordinator, Program Manager, and Director of External Affairs. Recently, Woods served as Deputy Commissioner where he oversaw more than 800 free annual programs for residents, department communications, and parks operations.A graduate of St. Michael's College, Woods also holds a Master Degree in Public Administration from Suffolk University. He is a lifelong resident of Dorchester, where he lives with his wife Lauren, a Boston Police Officer, and their two boys.Most recently, the Parks and Recreation Department celebrated the opening of Martins Park, a first-of-its-kind inclusive, climate-resilient park at the Smith Family Waterfront. The department oversaw the project honoring Martin W. Richard, the youngest victim of the Boston Marathon bombings. Following continued investments in the parks system in Boston, last fall Mayor Walsh announced that Boston reached a major milestone in our accessibility to parks, with all Boston residents now living within a 10-minute walk to a park.The previous Parks Commissioner, Christopher Cook, was elevated last year to Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space for the City of Boston.
In April 1861, the Confederate Army fired on Fort Sumter, triggering the Civil War. By July 4 of that year, Union and Confederate armies had fought seven battles. The Union army was beginning a large-scale mobilization.In this atmosphere, Boston celebrated Independence Day. The Citys 1861 celebration emphasized the importance of the Union.The Citys official ceremony, as you can see above, included the songs, Stand by the Union and an Army Hymn. The Star Spangled Banner was also part of the event.A morning concert emphasized both the unity and diversity of the United States. Military bands played songs like Red, White, and Blue, and Our Flag. They also played the national songs of Germany, Russia, Italy, Ireland, and France. The concert honored the wide range of ethnic groups represented by the people of the United States.The City planned an entire day of celebration, including:You can see a few of the tickets to various events above.The City expected its residents to be celebrating in full force. Officials warned Bostonians that, Police arrangements will be made to prevent the discharge of firearms, squibs and crackers, also mock processions, the blowing of horns, and other annoyances, and every facility will be extended by the Government for the rational enjoyment of the festivities of the day."We hope you enjoy your July Fourth celebrations!
Tuesday, July 2, 2019 - During the annual U.S. Conference of Mayors (USCM) convening, Mayor Martin J. Walsh led a coalition of mayors in proposing a resolution that called forsupport for the Equal Rights Amendmentwhich would add language to the U.S. Constitution which states, "Equality of rights under the law shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any state on account of sex."The resolution, which was overwhelmingly passed, makes it the policy of the U.S. Conference of Mayors to support the Equal Rights Amendment, which will ensure the full equality of people of any sex under the law in the United States of America. More than 100 mayors from across the country pledged their support of the Equal Rights Amendment during USCM's 87th Annual Meeting in Hawaii, the first state to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment.The resolution was sponsored in partnership between Mayor Walsh, Mayor John Giles of Mesa Ariz., Mayor Jonathan Rothschild of Tuscon, Ariz. Mayor Jorge Elorza of Providence, R.I. Mayor Kate Gallego of Phoenix, Ariz Mayor Levar Stoney of Richmond, Va. Mayor Rick Kriseman of St. Petersburg, Fla. Mayor Steve Adler of Austin, Texas and Mayor Yvonne Spicer of Framingham, Mass."There is no greater cause than fighting for the equality of all people, regardless of their gender, background, ethnicity, or anything for that matter," said Mayor Walsh. "The Equal Rights Amendment will once and for all codify that equal rights for all includes every single person in the United States of America. I am proud to pledge my support for this important amendment and to carry on the work started by many others' tireless activism."Mayor Walsh has prioritized the passage of this amendment as a necessary tool to ensure the full equality of people of any sex under the law, particularly when it comes to paid labor and the systemic barriers that women face in all spheres of life, including gender-based violence, sexual harassment in the workplace, andunder-representationin decision-making positions across all sectors.To date, the Equal Rights Amendment has been ratified by 37 of the 38 states necessary to become a constitutional amendment. First passed by Congress in 1972, the Equal Rights Amendment has been a decades-long effort toenshrineequal rights in the U.S. Constitution. In 2017, Nevada became the 36th state to ratify the ERA, and Illinois became the 37th to ratify the Amendment in 2018.Congress has previously extended the ERA's ratification deadline, demonstrating that Congress has the authority to again modify the deadline to ensure the ERA's full ratification.The call for full ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment comes as the nation observes the 100th anniversary of the ratification of the 19th Amendment, which codified the right to vote for people of all genders. In the coming year, theGreater Boston Women's Vote Centennial, an initiative of Mayor's Walsh's Office of Women's Advancement, will celebrate this momentous anniversary with a speaker series and a grant program for nonprofits. The Greater Boston Women's Vote Centennial will also serve as a hub to elevate suffrage-related events from partner organizations across the region. This special project is made possible with funding by the Barbara Lee Family Foundation.
"We're honored to have Dean Elmore serve as our Independence Day Orator this year," said Mayor Walsh. "Dean Elmore has dedicated his career to making sure students feel included, respected and safe, and I look forward to him joining the wonderful orators we've had in past years as we mark this important and celebratory day in our nation's history."Elmore will join a distinguished and diverse list of orators for the ceremony, which dates back to 1773. Past orators include: John Quincy Adams, John F. Kennedy, Horace Mann, Keith Lockhart and Julia Child."I am overwhelmed by the honor of delivering this historic oration," said Dean Elmore. "I'm proud to help lead the day's celebrations, and join an incredible history of Independence Day Orators in Boston."In addition to the oration, The City of Boston's Independence Day Celebration schedule is as follows:All times shown are approximate and are subject to change.The Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment is committed to producing fun, free, public, family-friendly events for the people of Boston and visitors to enjoy.For more information, please call 617-635-3911, visit the Summer website, or check out @VisitBostonCityon Twitter. City Hall Plaza is accessible by MBTA via Haymarket (Orange and Green), State Street (Orange and Blue) or Park Street (Green and Red).As Associate Provost and Dean of Students, Kenneth Elmore coordinates University efforts to provide a safe environment, where students can find their way within a vibrant academic community. He additionally works with the President and Provost to raise philanthropic support for undergraduate student scholarships, and shares leadership and management of projects associated with student-focused facilities, physical infrastructure, and capital projects.Kenn's duties as Dean of Students include advisingstudent organizations, planning ways toacclimate students to the University, setting and regulatingstandards, offeringacademic support, helping students navigatecareer goals, making certain the University experience isaccessible, and creating a vibrant and welcomingliving-learning environment. The offices reporting to Ken --the Community Service Center, Disability Services, Howard Thurman Center, Judicial Affairs, Orientation, Residence Life, Student Activities -- respond to student concerns, help students solve their problems, and help students build communities.
People coming into Boston to attend are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found on then Bluebikes websiteand information on the MBTA may be found on the MBTA's website. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Concerts scheduled at Fenway Park will require the following street closures.Drivers are reminded that the fine for parking illegally in on-street Fenway/Kenmore Resident Parking Only spaces on event days at Fenway carries an increased fee of $100.In addition, parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday & Saturday 2:00 PM to 11:59 PMThe Chinatown Main Street Festival will require the closing of the following streets from 7 AM to 6 PM.In addition, parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event SaturdayWork taking place in the Financial District will require street closures and parking restrictions.On Saturday, July 6, from 7 AM to 7 PM, the following streets will be closed to traffic and Tow Zone No Stopping parking restrictions will be in effect.On Sunday, July 7, from 6 AM to 7 PM, the following streets will be closed to traffic and Tow Zone No Stopping parking restrictions will be in effect.
Now celebrating 47 years as Boston's longest-running outdoor concert series, these performances feature exciting entertainment for music lovers of all ages. The series is presented by Mayor Walsh in partnership with the Boston Parks and Recreation Department and the Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment. The media sponsor is WROR 105.7 with sponsorship support from Capital One and Polar Beverages. All shows begin at 7 p.m.The series kicks off July 17 with Total Access, a tribute to the band Chicago. City Hall Plaza favorites Charlie Thomas Drifters return on July 24 for a Rock and Roll Reunion Night with La La Brooks. On August 7 enjoy a journey through the greatest decades of Motown funk with the Hipshot Band. The 2019 Dorothy Curran Wednesday Night Concert Series closes August 14 with Disco Night featuring the legendary Tavares performing hits, including Heaven Must Be Missing An Angel and More Than a Woman.For more information, please call 617-635-4505, visit the ParkARTS website, or check out our Facebook page.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structureat 3850 Washington Street in Roslindale.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 11, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the institutional structure at 20 Whittier Street in Roxbury, MA 02120.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 8, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 7 Ethel Street in Roslindale, MA 02131.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 11, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish thecommercial structure at 3368 Washington Street in Jamaica Plain, MA 02130.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 8, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure and garage at 173 Magnolia Street in Dorchester, MA 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 10, 2019.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture today announced an open call for artists to submit conceptual proposals fortransformative public artworks, with particular interest in murals and temporary projects with social practice, participatory artmaking, or educational programming that celebrates the diversity of Boston. The selected artworks will build on the City's robust collection of public artwork available and accessible in neighborhoods throughout the city. Following the open call to artists, the City will select at least four projects with budgets ranging from $5,000 to $20,000."Public art for all unites our city, and celebrates our diversity and talent here in the City of Boston," said Mayor Walsh. "I encourage our artists to think boldly and submit their proposals, and look forward to the final vibrant, inclusive and welcoming projects add Boston's important public art pieces and inspire Boston's residents."This call to artists is open to all professional artists, artisans, cultural producers, or teams with experience in public art, site-responsive design, project management, and community engagement. Local artists are especially encouraged to apply, and artists must be at least 18 years old. The deadline to submit a proposal for the Transformative Public Art project is July 7, 2019, and the applicationcan be found here. Selected artists will be announced by late July, and artwork will be installed through Fall 2019.Projects may be proposed for public or private property (with permission from the property owner), and can include temporary artwork and interventions that are integrated into the streetscape, as well as murals on empty walls.Artists will be selected by the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, and final artwork designs will be approved by the Boston Art Commission. Projects must align with the Boston Art Commission's curatorial mission, which is to commission and approve innovative and transformative artworks that engage communities, enrich and enliven the urban environment, are driven by a clear artistic vision, enhance the diversity of the existing collection, respond directly to a specific environment, and possess durability appropriate to the lifespan of the work."Public art has the power to enhance the sense of joy and wonder we all feel in our streets and neighborhoods," said Mark Pasnik, Chair of the Boston Art Commission. "The commission looks forward to working with creative and innovative artists, whose imaginations can bring exceptional vitality to the public realm."This project is part of the City's ten-year cultural plan,Boston Creates, which calls for the creation of public art that embraces a neighborhood's identity and adds to a strong sense of place. The City of Boston is looking to increase its collection and availability of public art by adding new artwork that transforms and enhances our current sense of place, improves the streetscape, and creates an environment that celebrates the City's cultural vibrancy. A map of current public art locations in the City of Boston can befound here."We've seen the transformative power of public art and its ability to enliven communities, reflect the diversity of our neighborhoods, and foster creative thinking and expression for those that interact with it," said Kara Elliott-Ortega, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. "It's important that everyone can identify with Boston's public art, and this project is a great way to ensure that we're working toward that goal."The City of Boston commissioned a series oftemporary public art projects in Grove Hallin November 2017 that have been installed, with the most recent one being installed last summer. Three murals that were commissioned as part of that project were recentlyselected for the 2019 Public Art Network (PAN) Year in Reviewby Americans for the Arts.In addition to temporary public art, the City of Boston currently has several permanent public art projects underway in Jamaica Plain, Roxbury, and East Boston as part of itsPercent for Art Program, which allocates one percent of the City's planned borrowing toward the creation of public art. TheNorth Square Public Art Projectby A+J Art+Design is also being installed in the North End this fall.Building on his continued support of arts and culture in the City of Boston, Mayor Walsh dedicated over $2.5 million in funding in the past year toward arts programming, including support for 220 different arts organization, more than 200 individual artists, and 90+ free arts experiences for all residents to enjoy. Over the next five years, the City is committing $13.4 million to the Percent for Art program. This, combined with $50,000 for temporary public art projects in the next year and several new City staff positions, is the most funding the City has ever dedicated to public art. This project has a budget of $45,000, funded through the public art revolving fund.In this year's budget, Mayor Walsh has also included $250,000 in new grant programs for individual artists and projects, and $489,000 in grants for arts organizations through the Boston Cultural Council, meaning the City's grant funding has more than doubled in the past five years.
BOSTON - Friday, June 28, 2019 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston will kick-off the 38thannual Boston Harborfest at Faneuil Hall Marketplace on Tuesday, July 2 at 11:00 a.m."Boston's pivotal role in our nation's independence, along with our rich maritime history, are major cornerstones of our city's identity," said Mayor Walsh. "Harborfest invites residents and visitors to come together to celebrate our city's history during this multi-day July 4thcelebration."The kick-off event will be attended by Rear Admiral Andrew J. Tiongson, Commander, First Coast Guard District United States Coast Guard Commander Nathaniel Shick, 75thCommanding Officer, USS Constitution Captain Eric Doucette, Captain of the Port of Boston, United States Coast Guard Martha Sheridan, President and Chief Executive Officer, Greater Boston Convention & Visitors Bureau Joe O'Malley, General Manager of Faneuil Hall Marketplace and Pam Messenger, Vice Chair, Downtown Boston Business Improvement District and Harborfest partners.Residents, visitors and businesses are invited to participate in the patriotic opening ceremony, which will feature the Middlesex County Volunteers Fife & Drum Corps who will create excitement with patriotic music, and the ceremonial cutting of the Harborfest cake. Rear Admiral Tiongson, and Commander Shick and special guests will use a cutlass (sword) to cut the cake, provided by Faneuil Hall Marketplace and created by Montilio's Baking Company. National Park Service Park Rangers and Freedom Trail Players, dressed in 18th-century costume, will be on hand to offer historical information about Faneuil Hall and other official historic sites along the Freedom Trail.Held from July 1 through July 7, Boston Harborfest is a multi-day festival with activities celebrating American Independence, honoring the city's colonial roots, and showcasing Boston's vibrant harbor. Over the years, Harborfest has grown from a local event to a national celebration. In 1982 there were 35 activities over the course of three days. Now in its 38thyear, Harborfest is considered to be the country's largest Fourth of July festival with hundreds of activities over a week-long period at Boston's best landmarks.The family-friendly festival includes the annual opening ceremony at Faneuil Hall Marketplace, historical reenactments, Freedom Trail tours and historic sites' programs and events, activities along Boston Harbor, live entertainment, and much more.Harborfest special festivities include Arts at Harborfest, which brings local artists and their works to Downtown Crossing on Monday, July 1 from 10:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. Chowderfest, pitting several city restaurants against each other to see who's best, on Tuesday, July 2 from 12:00 noon - 2:00 p.m. in Downtown Crossing and the highly-anticipated Parade of Lights, an elegant promenade of festively-lit boats of all shapes and sizes on Boston Harbor, on Tuesday, July 2 at 8:45 p.m. followed by Harborfest fireworks launching at approximately 9:30 p.m. On July 4, the annual City of Boston's Official Independence Day Commemoration, including a flag raising ceremony and parade will begin at 9:00 a.m. on City Hall Plaza. The parade will travel from Boston City Hall to the Granary Burying Ground for a wreath laying honoring America's patriots, and to the Old State House for the official July 4th reading of the Declaration of Independence.For more Harborfest information and a list of activities, please call 617-439-7700 or visitwww.bostonharborfest.com.
Summer is officially here, and a great way to help kick off the season is to change up your exercise routine! Incorporating exercise just three days a week can substantially improve not only your physical health, but your mental health as well. However, getting started, or starting again after a long break, can feel overwhelming. There are many different types and categories of exercise,often attached to gyms or paid classes. This month, we wanted to showcase some free community classes offered in the area, as well as guides for do-it-yourself workouts. Have a hearty and healthy summer!
These warm-weather events also present opportunities for foodborne bacteria to thrive. Whether youre planning a barbeque for a small or large group, please utilize the following summer safety tips.Prior to preparing your food for the festivities, always remember to wash your hands with hot soapy water for at least 20 seconds. This will reduce the spread of germs and possible illnesses. You can prevent bacteria from spreading by thoroughly cleaning and sanitizingkitchen countertops, sponges, cutting boards, and utensils.Be sure to clean the inside of the grill regularly to avoid a buildup of grease. If you clean your grill using a bristle brush, check to make sure that bristles have not detached. Make sure there are clean platters and utensils. Last but not least, never leave a grill unattended.Use a food thermometer to make sure your meat and poultry reach a safe internal temperature. Hamburgers should be cooked to 160 degrees Fahrenheit. Chicken should be cooked to at least 165 degrees Fahrenheit. If you partially cook food in the microwave, oven, or stove to reduce grilling time, do so immediately before the food goes on the hot grill. Grilled food can be kept hot until served by moving it to the side of the grill rack, just away from the coals. Food should not be left out of the cooler or off of the grill for more than two hours. If the outside temperature is above 90degrees Fahrenheit, the limit is one hour. Be sure to refrigerate leftovers. Never leave leftovers on the stove.Enjoy the summer!
Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is pleased to bring back the annual BCYF Fun Stops offering free, daily, drop-in activities at four locations in Boston this summer.Children ages 8-14 are welcome to stop in each weekday and enjoy a variety of structured activities including board games, sports, arts and crafts and more from 12 noon to 5 p.m. or 2 to 7 p.m. depending on the location. No pre-registration is required however, parents must fill out a brief waiver form that contains the necessary emergency contact information as well as allows youth to swim during scheduled times at the Fun Stop pool locations. Each Fun Stop is open on a first come, first served basis, and is limited to 50 youth per day. Many of the Fun Stops can provide lunch through the Summer Food Service Program, but please confirm with the site. Fun Stops begin on July 8 and end on August 16.The Fun Stops are hosted in parks or open spaces adjacent to or near a BCYF community center. For more about the Fun Stops, contact the host community center listed below or visit the BCYF website:BCYF Blackstone Community Center operates from 12 to 5 p.m.50 West Brookline Street, South End, 617-635-5162BCYF Leahy-Holloran Community Center at McMorrow Field* operates from 2-8 p.m.Neponset Avenue, Dorchester, 617-635-5150BCYF Mildred Avenue Community Center operates from 12 to 5 p.m.5 Mildred Avenue, Mattapan, 617-635-1328BCYF Paris Street Community Center at Paris Street Park time, TBD.113 Paris Street, East Boston, 617-635-5125/1410Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program, the GIRLS Initiative, Camp Joy special needs program and many aquatic offerings. For information about all of BCYFs summer programs, visit our BCYF summer website.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structureat 225 Foster Street, Brighton, MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 6, 2019.
Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) invites Boston girls to register now to attend one or all Girls Nights, a series of free girls-only events throughout the summer. All activities are designed to bring girls together in a safe, non-competitive environment where they can be themselves, meet other girls their age and engage with role models. BCYF Girls Nights also connects girls with resources and opportunities while they enjoy a positive and fun experience with their peers. Last summer over 1,500 girls participated in BCYFs Girls Nights.You can register for the events online.The Girls Nights schedule is as follows:Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program, the GIRLS Initiative, Camp Joy special needs program and many aquatic offerings.For information about all of BCYFs summer programs visit the BCYF summer page.
We encourage people coming into the City to enjoy the festivities not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found on the Bluebikes website.Public transitinformation can be found on the MBTA website. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to buy a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.The City of Bostons Police and Transportation Departments may make changes to this plan as necessary. Please check our homepagefor the most up to date July Fourthtraffic and parking impacts on local streets in the City.In addition to state-owned roadways in the area, due to the concert and fireworks at the Hatch Shellthe following local streets in the Back Bay will be closed to traffic:Parking will be impacted in the Back Bay as follows:The Fourth of July Parade will begin at 9 a.m.on Thursday, July 4, at City Hall Plaza. Traffic and parking in the vicinity of Government Center and Downtown will be impacted as follows:Traffic delays should be expected on the following parade route from approximately 9 a.m.through 10:15 a.m. The route:During the pause at about 10 a.m., a reading of the Declaration of Independence will take place from the balcony of the Old State House. We expect that Congress Street, State Street, and Devonshire Street at the Old state House will be closed to traffic while the reading is taking place.Parking will be impacted as follows:
Street closings and parking restrictions will be in effect at select locations in Boston on Saturday, June 29, and Sunday, June 30. People coming into Boston are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.On Saturday, June 29, the following streets in the Financial District will be closed to traffic from 7 AM to 7 PM:On Saturday, June 29, and Sunday, June 30, the following streets in the Financial District will be closed to traffic from 6 AM to 7 PM:On Sunday, June 29, the Hare Krishna Procession will begin at 12 Noon on Boylston Street at Cambria Street. Up to 500 participants will march on Boylston Street, turn left onto Charles Street, and enter the Boston Common. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 6 AM to 2 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh's Fiscal Year 2020 (FY20) budget proposal, a plan that focuses on bold investments that are guided by equity and opportunity for all residents, today passed the City Council unanimously. The $3.49 billion budget reflects a $176 million increase over last year's budget while simultaneously upholding the City of Boston's strong record of proactive fiscal management."These important investments are a reflection of our shared priorities," said Mayor Walsh. "Those who supported this budget, from creation to passage, played a critical role in increasing the funding that will allow us to deliver on the promise of expanding opportunity across the city, from new housing to school nurses, more pre-kindergarten seats for our young people and additional resources to look at unsolved homicides. Through this budget we are continuing to set Boston up for future success, moving forward with urgency on our long-term plans to address climate change, affordable housing, better transit, arts and schools.""The operating, school and capital budgets are balanced and sustainable, and make significant investments in our neighborhoods, our young people and our families in Boston," said City Councilor Mark Ciommo. "I am proud to have served as Chairman of Ways and Means during a time when the City of Boston has the ability to thoughtfully invest in meaningful programs that will ensure Boston's strong financial future. By supporting this budget, we are sending a strong message about the value of Boston's future."The FY20 budget includes $1.177 billion to support high-quality education at Boston Public Schools. The largest-ever school budget in city history passed the City Council by a vote of 10-3."A vote for this budget is a vote for greater supports and opportunities for BPS students," said Jessica Tang, president of the Boston Teachers Union. "We are proud to have played an important role in adding resources to the school budget that will support the health and well-being of our students, from bringing a nurse to every school and hiring more mental health counselors, to placing a paraprofessional in all of our kindergarten classrooms. This is a positive step for our schools, our teachers and our students. The City of Boston and the Boston Teachers Union look forward to continuing our shared work to further improve the Boston Public Schools."Recognizing the need for immediate transportation investments, this budget finds new revenue that will allow the City to support the priorities outlined inGo Boston 2030,our long-term transportation plan."The City's Fiscal Year 2020 Budget makes a strong investment in our streets," saidRichard Dimino, President and CEO of A Better City."From new bus lanes on our main roads to better sidewalks in our neighborhoods, from new EV chargers for car owners to new bike infrastructure for cyclists, this budget improves transportation for everyone today and lays a foundation to provide an even better network tomorrow."The City's housing needs require a multifaceted approach and this budget represents a 45% increase in city funding dedicated to reaching theCity's housing goalsof 69,000 new units of housing by 2030, for a total of $20.6 million."This year's budget includes significant funding investments meant to reduce homelessness," said Lyndia Downie, president and executive director of the Pine Street Inn. "The Walsh administration has recognized that housing, with ongoing support, is the only solution to end long term homelessness. To address that need, the budget specifically provides $4 million for the creation of new supportive housing that will serve individuals living in emergency shelters or on the street. The Pine Street Inn appreciates this investment in housing for these vulnerable individuals and looks forward to continuing to collaborate with the City of Boston on the important work of housing our homeless population.""Too often, youth who enter adulthood without the support of a permanent, loving adult to help them make the transition struggle to find safe, affordable housing, which is a core component of achieving long-term stability," said Lesli Suggs, president and chief executive officer of the Home for Little Wanderers. "We are fortunate that Mayor Walsh and the Boston City Council recognize this challenge and are taking steps to fund programs that will reduce youth and young adult homelessness. We look forward to working with the City on this initiative. Together, we can help our most vulnerable youth thrive.""Youth and young adult experiencing homelessness are often overlooked. This year, the City is taking an exciting step to support these vulnerable young people." saidElizabeth Jackson, executive director ofBridge over Troubled Waters."With $1 million dedicated to creating meaningful solutionsto prevent homelessness among youth, this is a positive step to starting youth on the path to reach their full potential. We appreciate the Mayor's dedication to ending homelessness in the City and especially his commitment to addressing the unique needs of homeless youth."My first homeshare experience far exceeded my expectations," said Brenda Atchison, Roxbury resident and participant in the Intergenerational Homeshare Program. "I was matched with an international student who was the right fit for my home. The process was easy, the people were great to work with and the outcome was rewarding. I am so glad I took the first steps to get started on what I hope will be a long and lasting experience, and I am delighted to see this program expanded under Mayor Walsh's budget so more Boston residents can have the same experience I did."In order to continue to keep Boston safe, the FY20 budget dedicates over 20% of overall funds to support robust public safety initiatives and new funding specifically for violence prevention efforts in Boston's neighborhoods.Through this budget, the City will make meaningful steps towards essential environmental goals and climate resiliency efforts.The FY20 budget will be signed by Mayor Walsh and go into effect at the start of the new fiscal year on July 1, 2019. The FY20 budget supports Boston's long-term plan, Imagine Boston 2030, and additional information can be found atbudget.boston.gov
If youve followed along with the Digital Team over the course of the past couple of years, you know user experience is something we bring up again, and again, and again. In any application we build, we want to create a great experience for our constituents. Everything we work on should be easy to find, trustworthy, and even delightful to interact with.Its for that reason that were excited to announce our User Experience Request for Proposal (RFP). Were looking for a partner to help us think out our designs and projects as we continue to digitize common transactions with the City of Boston.The RFP is open to anyone who would like to respond. Wed love to hear from potential partners with roots in Boston. Were also encouraging participation from small, local, minority-owned, women-owned, and veteran-owned businesses. Were even open to businesses subcontracting goods and services from certified City businesses. You can find our directory of certified businesses online.The term of the contract will be one year, with two one-year options to renew at the Citys sole discretion. Each project will need an agreed-upon scope of work, signed off on by our Chief Digital Officer.Interested in bidding on the project? Sign up for the Citys supplier portal. Just to be fully transparentthe supplier portal is asystem that the City of Boston is always working to improve, but still has some limitations. If you're not using a Mac, when you click the link aboveits going to openin Internet Explorer.You can find the user experience RFP by searching the event number "EV00006300" and clicking on App Migration User Experience Discovery RFP:There is a link on the RFP that says, "view event package. That link includes all published information, including the RFP itself:By signing up, you will be able to receive notifications and see new documents as we add them.We look forward to seeing what we can do together! If you're interested in bidding and want to learn more, we'reholding two information sessions about our UXRequest for Proposal (RFP).Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building2300 Washington Street6th Floor Roxbury, MA 02119Online at: meet.google.com/jmu-ujwt-ebhOr via phone: 413-338-4553Pin: 818 735 064#Boston Public Library, Central Branch700 Boylston Street, Johnson BuildingMezzanine Conference Room 32nd Floor, Boston, MA 02116Online at: meet.google.com/ksq-scye-dfyOr via phone: 316-789-6523Pin: 596 301 654#
The Boston Transportation Department is reminding residents that updates to the Citys parking meter fees go into effect beginning on Monday, July 1, continuing Bostons efforts to reduce congestion, increase the availability of parking and reinvest funding into transportation infrastructure.The City of Boston continues to strengthen its transportation network to meet current and future demand, said Chris Osgood, Chief of Streets for the City of Boston. In response to the needs of our growing city, were developing and implementing solutions to ensure that residents of Boston and the surrounding region have an effective transportation system available to them. The new parking meter fees reflect current demand for short-term parking in Boston and will help to ease congestion on the Citys busiest streets.The revised fees build off of the learnings from the two-year performance parking pilot program in the Back Bay and South Boston Waterfront, two areas with the highest parking demand in Boston. Taking a different approach in each neighborhood, the City adjusted meter rates and observed the impact on parking availability. The pricing approach taken in the Back Bay, where the City applied a consistent price over a larger area, showed the most positive results, as double-parking decreased by 14 percent, and illegal parking decreased by an average of 22 percent. During this pilot, on average a parking space was available on every block.The new rates going into effect on Monday, July 1 include:The City of Boston last raised parking meter fees citywide in 2011 when the hourly rate increased from $1.00 to $1.25.Residential neighborhoods which do not have parking meters will not see a change. As a result of this improvement, the City expects that the benefits of smarter pricing will also reach these other areas - it will be easier to find a parking space there will be less illegal parking there will be less double parking all leading to less congestion and lower emissions.Even with these updates, Boston continues to have some of the lowest parking meter prices in the country, with other municipalities' hourly rates at up to $4/hour (Seattle), and up to $6.50/hour (San Francisco and Chicago). Expanding the approach across Boston will not only make parking easier, but also generate additional revenue to improve Boston's transportation network.With the additional revenue these parking changes bring, Boston will re-invest the funds, estimated to reach $5 million, by moving ahead on projects identified in Go Boston 2030 that are designed to create equitable, safe and functional streets for all.Richard Dimino, President and CEO of A Better City said, This incremental increase in Bostons parking meter rate makes sense. For businesses, the parking meter is meant to provide short term spaces for customers. The new rate will encourage turnover, which at the end, increases the availability of space. Also pleased to see the use of meter revenue tied to efforts to improve transit access.In addition to increased parking meter revenue, Boston is now in its second year of collecting the 10 cent per ride revenue from Transportation Network Companies (TNCs), like Uber and Lyft, which will result in about $3 million in funding available for transportation projects in FY20. In his legislative package, Mayor Walsh has also proposed further measures to encourage shared TNC rides, and reduce congestion in Boston. This TNC revenue will contribute to funding anti-congestion efforts Citywide, as well as safety and public realm improvements.With funding secured in Mayor Walshs FY2019 budget, in the past year the City of Boston has created within BTD a Transit Team that is focusing on implementing bus lanes and other public transit improvements, and a New Mobility Team focusing on the rideshare industry, scooters and additional contemporary transportation options. This funding has also provided for the expansion of BTDs Active Transportation Team focusing on the construction of a network of connected bike lanes extending throughout the City, expanding Bluebikes, the popular bike share program owned by the City of Boston and its partner municipalities of Brookline, Cambridge, Somerville and Everett, and the expansion of Neighborhood Slow Streets zones on residential streets in the City.Performance Parking is a priority project of Go Boston 2030, the City of Bostons comprehensive transportation plan.
In partnership with the University of Massachusetts Boston Office of Career Services and Internships and the Mayors Office of Community Partnerships,we hosted the first "Boston City Insider"career networking eventat UMass Boston. This career fair fell under the Diversity Office Quarterly Neighborhood Career Fair Series. It was part of Mayor Walshs ongoing initiatives to create and nurture a diverse pipeline of student talent that is ready for public service career opportunities in municipal government.More than 130 students, alumni, and community members from all walks of life and educational background attended this career networking event. The attendees networked and engaged with recruiters from multiple Boston City Departments, including representatives from our quasi-agencies, such as Boston Planning & Development Agency, Boston Public Health Commission, and Boston Water Sewer Commission.Information that was shared during the event included:Students and Alumni shared with employers heartwarming stories of what inspires them and why they want to serve the public. Of the attendees surveyed, we found:Demographics included: 47% women, 42% Black, and 12% Asian.The success of this event was truly a reaffirmation of what is possible through collaboration. We look forward to building on this shared commitment to finding, developing, and elevating a diverse pipeline of student talent and candidates that are ready for a career in local government.
Building on the Mayors continued record-breaking funding for local arts organizations and individual artists in Boston, the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture today announced six arts and cultural projects have been selected to receive grants totaling $30,000 as part of the City of Bostons Project Partnership Grant Pilot Program. The Project Partnership Grant Program is intended to support recurring events and programs that create opportunities for artists in Boston.The six projects chosen represent a wide array of art forms and cultural traditions, and are an excellent representation of the extremely talented and diverse communities in the City of Boston, said Mayor Walsh. I look forward to partnering with the artists and organizations involved in these projects, and I encourage residents and visitors to Boston to take part in these great events.The City of Boston received 158 submissions, and selected six recipients, including:The Mayors Office of Arts and Culture announced the pilot program in April, with the goal of elevating recurring events and programs that create opportunities for artists in Boston. Eligible projects included arts or cultural programs, activations, annual cultural traditions, and community arts events. The City of Boston prioritized projects that amplified the work of artists from historically underrepresented communities, and highlighted art forms that currently lack visibility in Boston.A selection committee comprised of City of Boston employees from various departments, local artists and representatives from local arts organizations evaluated applications on criteria including the applicants demonstrated ability to implement the project, the projects track record, the artistic vision and programming of the project, the opportunities for under-represented artists provided by the project, and the benefits a City of Boston partnership would bring to the project.In addition to financial support, the selected grantees may also receive assistance with event or program production, navigating permitting and licensing processes, and press and marketing efforts.This is an opportunity to support cultural events and projects around the city that provide opportunities for artists and increase access and participation in the arts, said Kara Elliott-Ortega, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. This will be a great learning opportunity for us, as we collaborate with each of these grantees and discover ways that we can leverage their work even more.In addition to these grants, the City of Boston awarded Boston Cultural Council grants totaling $487,000 to 221 arts organizations earlier this year, making it the largest ever amount of funding distributed through this program. The City is also committed to supporting individual artists, with more than 200 artists receiving grants totaling over $240,000 through the Opportunity Fund and the Artist Fellowship Award in 2018. The second round of Artist Fellowship Award winners will be announced soon.To learn more about grant opportunities through the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture, visit here.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 54 Waverly Street in Brighton, MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 3, 2019.
To protect yourself and your home from rodent activity, proper trash storage is important. The City of Boston works diligently to educate property owners and residents regarding the proper methods of storing trash. The key to quality urban rodent control is eliminating and limiting access to food and water. Please utilize these helpful tips below:Always be sure to store your trash properly. Trash should be stored in receptacles with tight-fitting covers. The receptacles should never be overflowing and trash should not be stored in grocery bags. Contain trash at a specific location up until the time of collection.Property managers, owners, and residents should remove any stagnant water from their property. Eliminating water reduces the amount of water sources that insects and rodents have.The City of Boston encourages residents to report and track rodent activity by contacting 3-1-1. Education and collaboration among urban pest professionals and residents with regard to trash maintenance will result in decreasing rodent activity.A rodent free home is a healthy home!
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the carriage house at 32R Perkins Street in Jamaica Plain, MA 02130.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 30, 2019.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Yusufi Vali as the new director of the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement (MOIA). In this role, Vali will lead Mayor Walsh's vision for uplifting all of Boston's immigrant communities on multiple fronts: ensuring safety and security, providing equitable access to city government, and promoting economic, cultural and civic integration.Vali brings to MOIA more than a decade of experience, most recently as executive director of the Islamic Society of Boston Cultural Center (ISBCC), a mosque and community center that serves over 1,500 congregants of 64 different ethnicities, the majority of which with an immigrant background. In this role, he fostered relationships with community, interfaith, and political leaders to raise the mosque's public profile, combat hateful rhetoric, and facilitate theMuslim community's integration into Boston."Having immigrated from India at the age of nine, I know how hard it is for families to find their footing in a new place and culture, particularly during current times of divisive and ugly rhetoric," said Yusufi Vali. "I am excited to lead our City's efforts in ensuring immigrants feel right at home, have access to opportunities, and contribute to Boston's growth and well-being, just as immigrants have done throughout our country's history."In his role as executive director at the ISBCC, Vali developed a strategic framework via a rigorous needs-assessment of congregants, which led to the doubling of ISBCC programs and services. As one of Vali's first actions as executive director, he organized a series of meetings with Jewish and Christian leaders which fostered a supportive interfaith relationship.Vali also led the response of the ISBCC in the aftermath of the Boston Marathon bombing, sharing Muslim values and reassuring Boston's Muslim community that their city would continue to be a welcoming place for everyone. Vali has consistently advocated against stigmatizing federal policies and programs, most recently the Trump Administration's Muslim ban. Vali and his team organized multiple "Know Your Rights" trainings, educating hundreds of community members, business, political and civic leaders, on the policy.Before joining the ISBCC in 2012, Vali was a community organizer with the Greater Boston Interfaith Organization, where he advocated for better education and access to health care for low-income families. He was a Fulbright Scholar, a Marshall Scholar, and is currently a BarrFellow. He holds two master's degrees from the London School of Economics and the School of Oriental and African Studies, and a bachelor's degree from Princeton University."MIRA welcomes the Mayor's appointment of Yusufi Vali as the director of the Office for Immigrant Advancement," said Eva Millona, executive director of the Massachusetts Immigrant and Refugee Advocacy Coalition (MIRA). "He has a known track record of championing immigrant and refugee issues. He will be a tremendous asset to the Mayor and the city."MOIA endeavors to strengthen immigrant participation in Boston's diverse civic, social, economic, and cultural life. The office also promotes the recognition and public understanding of immigrant contributions to the City of Boston, and serves as the City agency leading the efforts to mitigate the impact of federal immigration restrictions on the City's immigrants.Mayor Walsh and Councilor Josh Zakim recently announced amendments to the "Boston Trust Act,"a City ordinance that delineates the work of local law enforcement officials and federal immigration laws. Since the start of the Trump Administration's reform on the immigration system, Mayor Walsh has been opposed to proposed changes to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, the termination of Temporary Protected Status (TPS), the proposed redefinition of "public charge" and HUD's proposed rule to expel from public housing mixed-status families paying prorated rent.Mayor Walsh recently included $50,000 in hisFY20 Budget proposaldedicated to the Greater Boston Immigrant Defense Fund, which strives to increase education and access to legal services to defend its many immigrant communities, refugees, and temporary status holders. This supplements MOIA's ongoing efforts n this area such asImmigrant Information Corners, with multilingual information about citizenship, financial empowerment, and public and community resources. MOIA also offers free immigration clinics at City Hall, and has facilitated "Know Your Rights" and "Immigration 101" presentations to communities and service providers. Since 2014, MOIA has co-hosted Citizenship Day in Boston, which has helped more than 1,000eligible immigrants apply for citizenship.The MOIA mini-grant program has awarded almost $200,000 to Boston-based, immigrant-led and immigrant-serving non-profit organizations, which has served over 2,000 constituents through programs such as ESOL classes, legal screening clinics, citizenship application assistance, youth mentoring, and civic engagement classes.Under Mayor Walsh, MOIA has been a model for municipal governments motivated to support and advance its diverse immigrant communities. MOIA held the regional Municipal Leaders for Immigrant Advancement Summit at the Edward M. Kennedy Institute in 2017 and the first national best practices convening of theCities for Actioncoalition at Suffolk University in 2018. The "To Immigrants With Love"public art campaign and "Who We Are: Boston Immigration Then and Now"traveling map exhibit have brought visibility to Boston's immigrant past and present.For more information on the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement, please visithttps://www.boston.gov/immigrants.
The CSWAP is envisioned as a free, family-friendly gathering place that will run from approximately November 22 through December 27, 2019. The project will host individual vendors and interactive stations where visitors can purchase food and beverages, potentially play games, take memorable photos, and more. The area will be anchored by the existing Christmas tree display and the large Menorah at the end of the square.The Parks Department is seeking to hire an event management company that can coordinate and implement every aspect of the CSWAP, including selecting and contracting with vendors, providing the equipment and infrastructure necessary to support the use of Copley Square, and performing all aspects of activation operations, including set-up and take-down, maintenance, vendor relations, and reporting of activities and transactions. The goal is to increase the visibility and atmosphere of Copley Square, as well as provide an additional amenity to locals and visitors during the winter holiday season. The Citys vision is for a high-quality activation project focusing on handcrafted items, art, unique gifts, interactive features/activities, food and beverage offerings, and other engaging elements. The CSWAP has the potential to draw thousands of visitors to a variety of holiday activities with as many as 40 vendor booths for merchants to sell holiday gifts and snacks providing residents and visitors with the chance to shop for local and custom gift items leading into the holiday season. Suggested features include a beer and wine garden, enclosed heated tents for food vendor booths, a photo tent with Santa Claus, ice or snow sculptures as a display or competition event, face painting, performers in winter costumes, a dedicated childcare area, and lights and sound. The RFP is open to any event management company that would like to respond, and the City encourages participation from small, local, minority-owned, women-owned, and veteran-owned businesses. To support equality of opportunity, respondents are also encouraged to solicit for the subcontracting of goods and services from certified businesses. The Citys directory of certified businesses is available online.The RFP can be downloaded online, or picked up at the Parks Department at 1010 Massachusetts Avenue in Roxbury. For more information, please contact Dorothy Baxter at 617-961-3075 or email dorothy.baxter@boston.gov.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the commercial building at 30 Penniman Road in Allston, MA 02134.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 29, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the parking garage at 95 Alphonsus Street in Mission Hill, MA 02120.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 30, 2019.
The Boston Athletic Association 10 K and other special events taking place this weekend will impact traffic and parking in Boston. People coming into the City to attend are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Saturday, June 22The following streets in Mattapan will be closed from 10 AM to 5 PM for a Family Fun Day.Sunday, June 23The Boston Athletic Association 10K will begin at 8 AM with up to 10,000 runners gathered on Charles Street at the Public Garden center gate. Road closures along the following route are expected to be between 7:45AM and 9 AM.The Grand Opening of the Encore Casino in Everett at 10 AM may impact traffic in Boston, particularly in the Charlestown neighborhood. People planning to attend are strongly urged not to drive their personal automobiles.
The Boston Parks and Recreation Departments annual ParkARTS participatory program sponsored by Holly Bruce is pleased to announce the return of its series of arts workshops giving children the opportunity to express their creativity while working on fun projects with local artists. From Allston to Mattapan, kids ages three to ten can enjoy a wide variety of arts and crafts activities at the Artists in Residence Workshops held from 10 a.m. to 12 noon in parks across the city.Participation is free and all materials are provided, but children must be accompanied by an adult. Groups of eight or more must make prior arrangements by calling the Parks Department at 617-635-4505 or emailing parks@boston.gov. Now in its 23rd year, ParkARTS brings a wide range of cultural offerings to city parks.More ParkARTS informationIn addition, the New England Aquarium will bring its traveling tide pool exhibit to four locations and the Marionette Puppet Show series will return in July and August at 11 a.m. at various childrens workshops. See Bostons parks come alive with these whimsical puppet shows that will delight the child in everyone. Experience the unique charm of Rosalitas Puppets featuring marionettes made by professional actor-puppeteer Charlotte Anne Dore.Artists in Residence Workshops dates and locations are as follows 10 a.m. to 12 p.m. (noon):The New England Aquarium will be at the following locations at 10 a.m. to 12 p.m. (noon):Rosalitas Puppets Marionette Performances are at 11 a.m. Dates and locations are as follows:For information on this and other ParkARTS programs, please call the Boston Parks and Recreation Department at 617-635-4505, visit our Facebook page, check out the Parks page online,or follow @BostonParksDept.
With summer upon us, the Inspectional Services Departmentwould like to remind Boston residents to use precaution and common sense when utilizing decks, porches, balconies, and rooftops for any outdoor activity. These structures should be used for their intended purposes while keeping in mind their allotted capacity.The following are useful safety tips to keep in mind when occupying outdoor structures:Remember before making any necessary repairs, property owners must hire a licensed contractor and secure all required permits before work can proceed.
Building on his goals for a greener, more sustainable city, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Bostons first-ever zero waste plan, designed to move Boston towards becoming a zero waste city. The recommendations include 30 near- and long-term strategies for reducing both consumption of natural resources and greenhouse gas emissions. Key parts of the plan include expanding Bostons composting program, increasing access to recycling opportunities and launching a city-wide education campaign on recycling.By implementing the strategies over time, Boston can reduce trash, and increase recycling and composting by about 638,000 tons per year, increasing Bostons current recycling rate from approximately 25 percent to 80 percent by 2035. Approximately six percent of Bostons greenhouse gas emissions come from the Citys discarded materials. By reducing waste, recycling more, and composting, Boston can reduce emissions associated with waste and move one step closer to its goal of carbon neutrality by 2050.Preparing Boston for climate change means ensuring our city is sustainable, both now and in the future, said Mayor Walsh. We need to lead, and design city policies that work for our residents, and for the environment and world we depend upon. These initiatives will lead Boston towards becoming a zero waste city, and invest in the future of residents and generations to come.The new initiatives are included in a set of recommendations by the Zero Waste Boston Advisory Committee appointed by Mayor Walsh last year. The committee, led jointly by the Chief of Streets, Transportation & Sanitation and the Chief of Environment, Energy & Open Space, was tasked with developing recommendations of short- and long-term policies and programs that would lead to major reductions of solid waste in all sectors of the Boston community. The committee was supported by staff from the Public Works and Environment Departments and a team of experts including Perlmutter Associates, Zero Waste Associates, and the Center for EcoTechnology.Were devoting significant resources to achieve both our short and long term goals and ensure our City is more sustainable for decades to come, said Chief of Streets and Zero Waste Co-Chair, Chris Osgood. By implementing these recommendations, there is no doubt that Boston can achieve the ultimate goal of becoming a Zero Waste City."By implementing Bostons first zero waste plan, we will be a healthier and greener City for future generations to come, said City Councilor Matt OMalley and the Chairman of the Council's Environment, Sustainability and Parks Committee. I am proud to have spearheaded the Councils efforts to institute curbside composting and textile recycling programs in the City of Boston and I look forward to seeing these programs develop even further. I want to thank Mayor Walsh for his leadership on this issue and his steadfast commitment to keeping Boston a leader on all environmental matters facing cities across the world. Expanding Bostons composting program will be transformative in improving the Citys recycling rate, reducing our waste, and greenhouse gas emissions, while working toward carbon neutrality.Healthy communities and a healthy environment are critical to the health and wellness of every person. We are excited about the health, economic, social, and environmental opportunities and impact the zero waste plan will bring to the City of Boston, the Commonwealth, and the greater New England region, said Monica Nakielski, Director, Sustainability and Environmental Health, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts, and a member of the Zero Waste Advisory Committee.Currently Boston residents and businesses generate roughly 1.2 million tons of materials annually, where 25 percent is reused, recycled or composted and 75 percent is disposed in incinerators or landfills. The Zero Waste Committee recommended 30 overall strategies within four core categories to increase composting, recycling and reuse:Approximately 36 percent of what is currently thrown away as trash is, in fact, compostable materials -- either yard waste such as leaves and grass clippings or food scraps. Diverting compostable materials out of the trash is a top priority for the Zero Waste Plan.Following the recommendations in the report, the City will extend the current residential yard waste collection service from 17 weeks during the April to December period to 20 weeks. To provide residents with even more options, there will be at least 20 weekend days when residents can drop off yard waste at Bostons composting facility on American Legion Highway, at no cost. Some of the compost generated from that yard waste will be provided at no cost to Bostons community gardens other compost will be available for sale to Boston residents at a reduced price.In addition to expanding yard waste collection, the City will pilot curbside collection of food waste from residents. The City will shortly issue a Request for Proposals (RFP) to identify a local partner or partners to provide this service for a subscription cost, with a portion of that cost covered by the City. That partnership is set to begin this fall.Roughly 39 percent of what is thrown away as trash is recyclable. The City will take several steps to expand recycling both at home and in public.The City will soon release a new Request for Proposals (RFP) to identify local partners to educate and encourage Boston residents to recycle textiles, such as clothing and linens, through a free curbside service. The partnership is set to begin this fall.Additionally, earlier this year, Boston was selected as one of seven U.S. communities to receive a $250,000 grant for a community recycling pilot program from The Coca-Cola Foundation. This grant will support the Fund for Parks and Recreation in Boston and build on the Citys ongoing efforts to improve access to recycling and encourage better recycling behaviors. The pilot program will bring recycling bins, signage and collection services to City parks to further expand the reach of recycling services in areas with high foot traffic.The City recently launched a new citywide education campaign called Recycle Right, which is informed by the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protections (DEP) education campaign efforts. This initiative focuses on placing the proper materials in the recycling bin and separating problem materials that cause contamination and drive up the cost of recycling. New signage and online materials will help residents better understand what items can and cant be recycled, and highlight where and when household hazardous waste drop-off events are being held.Reducing the creation of materials that wind up being discarded in the first place is also a top priority recommended by the Zero Waste Advisory Commission.Last December, the City rolled out its new ordinance to eliminate single-use plastic bags in Boston. Plastic bags often end up in our streets and gutters, vacant lots, and trees. Theyre harmful to Bostons marine life and pollute the citys waterways. The City encourages all customers to switch to reusable bags, which can be used time and time again without tossing them in the trash.In the Fiscal Year 2020 budget, the City is investing $175,000 to build on the success of the plastic bag ban and implement strategies identified in the new report. The Environment and Public Works Departments will work together to increase behavior change for residential waste and to improve the quality of residents recycling efforts.Achieving zero waste will require further product, technology, and business model innovation.Boston is taking steps to spark innovation and strengthen the local economy focused on this industry. In addition to the new requests for proposals for residential composting and textiles, the City will seek information from interested parties for a potential large-scale program that would reduce the amount of food and yard waste that residents currently dispose of in their curbside collection. The Request for Information (RFI) aims to identify solutions that would increase the Citys composting services and expand local or regional composting capacity.The City of Boston also encourages residents to utilize tools like the Citys free Trash Day app. The app enables Boston residents to search a directory of hundreds of household items to find out the right way to dispose of them while on the go or at home. App users can also view a calendar for their homes collection dates, set reminders and get notifications of schedule changes.Completing a zero waste plan marks an important milestone in Mayor Walshs work to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. It was one of the actions called out in Bostons 2014 Climate Action Plan. The climate plan, which is currently being updated, will soon provide immediate next steps for Boston to take to become carbon neutral by 2050. While reducing emissions, the City is working to prepare for sea level rise and the impacts of climate change. Resilient Boston Harbor is the Citys vision plan to strengthen Bostons 47-mile shoreline through expanded and connected green space. The City has already completed segments of the vision through district-level projects in East Boston, Charlestown, and South Boston, and is currently working on climate resiliency measures for Downtown and Dorchester.
The My Way Cafemodel, operated by Boston Public Schools Food and Nutrition Services and funded by the Shah Family Foundation, is a model where schools prepare food themselves in their own kitchens and give students a choice in what they want to eat, similar to fast casual restaurants, such as Chipotle. Mayor Walsh discussed how he had seen it running in East Boston, Mattapan, and Roxbury, and how happy students were to be eating the new food. He asked questions of students in the audience, getting them excited for the new cafeteria that they will experience next year.Meals will still be provided at no cost to all Boston Public Schools students, which has been the case since 2014. Since 80 percent of families are determined economically disadvantaged, the district qualifies for free school meals for all students. The goal of this program is to have students taking and eating the food so that they can benefit. Interim Superintendent Laura Perille spoke as well about why this makes school food so crucial to students success. She reminded onlookers that the ability to choose is an important element as well, as students are more likely to participate in something they have a say in.Finally, Jill Shah, president of the Shah Family Foundation which provides a majority of the funding for this program, had four students do an unveiling of what the cafeteria blueprint looks like now, versus what it will look like after the construction this summer. A wall will be knocked down in the back of the cafeteria to provide room for more ovens, sinks, and other appliances required to prepare fresh food on site. Since the Kenny and two-thirds of other Boston Publicschools were built before World War II, when students walked home for lunch, these schools have no kitchens. She said that she was proud that the City is investing $7.9 million to expand this program to about 30 more schools next year.Some of the favorite dishes by students at other My Way Cafe schools that started this year or earlier include: the choice of spaghetti pasta with tomato sauce or meatballs or both, along with a vegetable side, a choice of cheese on top of the pasta, and other vegetable options. There is also a day where students can choose between a hamburger, cheeseburger, or grilled cheese, with potato wedges and corn on the cob on the side. There will be a salad bar available every day, with options for yogurt parfaits or different fruits for breakfast. The students are very excited to try the new food items and I get asked questions about them constantly.This post was written by Sarah Curless, FoodCorpsAmeriCorps Service Member at the Thomas J. Kenny School.
In addition to activities from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m., information regarding upcoming summer programs offered by the City of Boston will be available to families and residents and tasty treats will be provided by in-kind sponsors HP Hood LLC, Power Crunch protein bars, and Polar Beverages. The celebration will feature a special visit from the official mascot Frog Pond Freddie, with entertainment by Bubble Guy Jim Dichter, face painters, and media sponsor Magic 106.7.We will be joined by representatives from Legoland, Mass Horticulture, ReadBoston, the Boston Water and Sewer Water Truck, the Boston Public Health Commission, and Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainments Dumbo and Cinderella: Anniversary Edition, the newest release in the Walt Disney Signature Collection. In addition, children of all ages are eligible to enter a summer raffle. Families will also be able to enjoy a ride on the Boston Common Carousel. The Carousel is handicapped accessible and has height requirements: anyone 42 or taller can ride alone anyone under 42 requires the presence of an adult. Admission for the ride is $3 with 10 ride cards available for $25. Hours of operation are Sunday through Thursday 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. and Friday and Saturday 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.A year-round recreational facility, the Frog Pond offers ice skating in the winter, a spray pool and supervised wading for youth in the summer, and the Carousel from spring through fall. Information on additional activities offered at the Frog Pond can be found by visiting the Frog Pond website. The Frog Pond spray pool is open daily from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. until Labor Day. The facility is managed by The Skating Club of Boston and staffed by youth workers from the Boston Youth Fund. For further information, please call the Frog Pond at 617-635-2120.
Building on Boston's commitment to ensure Boston Public School students have every resource they need to learn, thrive and succeed, Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Public Schools today announced the launch of a pilot program that will bring free menstrual supplies to 77 BPS schools throughout the district. This program will start in the fall of the 2019 school year."This pilot program is about equity in our schools, and among our young people," said Mayor Walsh. "Nearly one in five girls in the U.S. have left school early, or missed school all together because they didn't have access to menstrual products.I'm proud BPS continues to be a leader in equity, ensuring our students have the resources they need, and access to the same opportunities."The pilot will include all 77 schools that teach students in grades 6 to 12. BPS School Health Services will order the menstrual products centrally and distribute them to the school nurses' offices at the beginning of the school year and as needed throughout the year. After the initial pilot, nurses will partner with selected teachers who will also give out menstrual supplies."I'm grateful to Mayor Walsh for funding this important program, and making sure that girls in BPS don't have to choose between taking care of their health, and going to class," said Laura Perille, Interim BPS Superintendent. "Offering free, easily accessible menstrual supplies means that more students will have access to the supplies they need, and are able to stay in class and focus on their education."The $100,000 investment for the pilot program was part of Mayor Walsh's FY20 budget, resubmitted to the Boston City Council today.Mayor Walsh's FY20 resubmitted budget also increased the BPS appropriation by an additional $38.7 million to a total of $1.177 billion after the successful completion of the collective bargaining agreement between the Boston Teachers Union and the Boston Public Schools. The FY20 BPS budget will grow by $51 Million or 4.5 percent and makes targeted investments that directly support students and families, increases per-pupil spending, supports critical academic investments, and expands access to exam school admissions. The FY20 BPS budget reflects an increase in per-pupil spending by 25 percent over the past six years, from about $16,500 in FY14 to over $20,700 in FY20.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh, Governor Charlie Baker, and the family of Martin Richard today joined hundreds of residents to celebrate the opening of Martin's Park at the Smith Family Waterfront. Adjacent to Boston Children's Museum, the City of Boston Parks Department created an inclusive park and play space that is the first-of-its-kind in the City. The Department oversaw the project honoring Martin W. Richard, the youngest victim of the Boston Marathon bombings. Located at 64 Sleeper Street on the South Boston waterfront, Martin's Park is a climate-resilient park that provides a space for children, families, and visitors of all abilities to learn, grow and play."Over the past two years, we've witnessed the incredible transformation of Martin's Park into a world-class space for everyone in Boston to enjoy," said Mayor Walsh. "Parks are the heart and soul of our city. Martin's spirit will always be alive in Boston, and because of the work of the Richard family, countless families will come together at this park and share in the love, compassion and hope one special young boy taught us."Martin's Park was designed in collaboration with landscape architect Michael Van Valkenburgh and built by contractor MacKay Construction, with features including a reflection and water play garden, amphitheater, ship, and Martin's favorite, a cosmo climber. Five cherry trees are planted in memory of Sean Collier, Dennis Simmonds, Krystle Campbell, Lingzi Lu, and Martin Richard."Today'scelebration is a testament to the dedication of the Richard family and all those that have supported them in this work," said Governor Charlie Baker. "Martin's Park will undoubtedly bring joy to so many young people and families in the Commonwealth, and I am grateful for the efforts that have made this park a reality."Growing up in Dorchester, Martin spent much of his time playing with siblings Henry and Jane and their friends at many of the fields and playgrounds throughout the city. Designed with people of all ages and abilities in mind, Martin's Park will be a symbol of Martin's welcoming, inclusive nature, as well as his dream of an ideal park. This unique, public and free outdoor space will ensure that Martin's legacy remains a vibrant and positive influence for future generations."We are forever grateful for the unwavering support of our donors, volunteers and city officials that have made Martin's Park possible, and we are thrilled to share this special place with everyone in the city of Boston," said Bill Richard. "For us, Martin's Park is a symbol of the commitment of so many individuals and their dedication to building a more kind, just, and inclusive community here in the city that we love."Martin's Park includes north and south play areas connected by a raised bridge, creating a cohesive play space while allowing much-needed neighborhood and visitor pedestrian circulation to move through the space. Sloped pathways throughout the site feature elements such as drums, small sculpture animals, binoculars, and interpretive signage and provide access to inclusive play elements such as embankment slides, a basket swing, play ship, timber maze climber, and water garden, as well as provide views across Fort Point Channel. The seating and reflection areas are designed to be inclusive and provide comfortable locations for parents and caregivers. Trails throughout the site create spaces for children to experience nature in the city and a wooden amphitheater is available for group gatherings, school events, Boston Children's Museum programming, and more. The site is also heavily planted providing a green framework around the park that creates a unique horticultural experience in an urban environment. Its central location draws a high volume of residents and visitors and connects with the existing plaza at Boston Children's Museum.In addition to creating a park where children and families of all abilities can play, Martin's Park also helps support Boston's resilience and environment goals. Last year, Mayor Walsh announced a comprehensive and transformative vision that will invest in Boston's waterfront to protect the City's residents, homes, jobs, and infrastructure against the impacts of rising sea level and climate change. Mayor Walsh's plan,Resilient Boston Harbor, lays out strategies along Boston's 47-mile shoreline that will increase access and open space along the waterfront while better protecting the city during a major flooding event. Martin's Park will be a cornerstone of Boston's work to make the city resilient to climate change and sea level rise. Protective measures against future flooding were created by raising parts of the park to prevent flood pathways, and by installing mini piles and vegetated beds reinforced with stone to prevent erosion at higher tides.Martin's Park was a $15 million project, made possible by private funding through hundreds of donors and $2 million from the City of Boston, including capital funds and Community Preservation funds. The Smith Family Foundation and Barr Foundation each provided $3 million. The park site includes a parcel that was conveyed by the MBTA to the City of Boston. The park will be maintained through an endowment of the Friends of Martin's Park and will feature ongoing, no-cost programming.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department this week celebrated more than $4.7 million in improvements to Noyes Park in East Boston during a Neighborhood Coffee Hour held on Wednesday, June 12.Noyes Park has undergone major reconstruction and we are proud to share the results of the hard work that went into this project with the East Boston community, said Mayor Walsh. The new and improved Noyes Park will be a place that children and families will enjoy for many years to come, and I want to thank everyone involved for bringing this great new park to life.Funded with a $4.7 million investment from Mayor Walshs Capital Plan, including a $400,000 Parkland Acquisitions and Renovations for Communities (PARC) grant and a $100,000 grant from Youth Lead the Change, site improvements include new LED sports lighting, a synthetic soccer/softball field, a fenced and irrigated baseball field with batting/pitching cage and covered players benches, a fenced and irrigated Little League field with scoreboard and covered players benches, a playground for ages 5 to 12 and 2 to 5 with rubber safety surfacing, a rope climber and dish swing, 2 to 5 play structure and tot swings, splash pad, two basketball courts, a walking loop and exercise station, new trees, and rain gardens.Noyes Playground is one of the largest playgrounds in East Boston at 8.22 acres. The park has traditionally served baseball, softball, Little League, soccer, and as a playground. The comprehensive renovation approach allowed the Parks Department design team to look at ways to separate uses while diversifying and providing additional uses within the park. This project was done in coordination with a tidal gate being installed by the Boston Water and Sewer Commission at Constitution Beach to stop tidal flooding from entering the site along Saratoga Street.The Neighborhood Coffee Hours give residents a unique opportunity to speak directly with Mayor Walsh and staff from City departments about open space and other needs in their neighborhoods. Through these discussions and a suggestion box at each site, Mayor Walsh looks forward to hearing how the City of Boston can improve upon local parks, public areas, and city services.
Americans for the Arts today honored two public art projects supported by the City of Boston among 50 outstanding public arts projects through the Public Art Network Year in Review program, the only national program that specifically recognizes the most compelling public art.The City of Boston has transformed over the past several years thanks to incredible new pieces of public art, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Through projects like our Percent for Art program, our artist-in-residence program Boston AIR, and temporary public art projects, were integrating art into every neighborhood of the City, and its great to see these efforts receive national recognition.Chosen by public art experts, the roster of selected projects was unveiled this morning at Americans for the Arts Annual Convention in Minneapolis. This is the 18th year that Americans for the Arts has recognized public art works.The Grove Hall Mural Series was a project commissioned by the City of Boston in the fall of 2017 with the goal of improving the streetscape, creating an environment that is safe, convenient and comfortable, and celebrating the beauty of the neighborhood, local heroes and current residents. Three murals were painted in the Grove Hall neighborhood of Dorchester as part of this project, including:Located at the UCERM Empowerment Center at 324 Blue Hill Ave, Gibbs designed this mural to give a nod to the past in order to breathe life into the future. The juxtaposition of an older pastime with youthful and futuristic imagery relates to the community's objective to revitalize the neighborhood while embracing and strengthening its past, present, and future identity and sense of place.Inspired by the legacy of Nobel Peace Prize recipient Nelson Mandela,Sepulvedas mural located at 41 Geneva Ave was created with the hopethat it wouldinspire all people, young and old and of all ethnicities, toactively seek knowledge, truth, and civic engagement.Quionezs mural at 199 Quincy Street is intended to encourage humanity to respect one's mind, body and soul. According to Quionez, the heart in the mural represents the most important and vital organ that keeps people going, and also represents love. With Liza Quionez, he is a co-founder of Street Theory, a creative studio and gallery.The best of public art can challenge, delight, educate, and illuminate. Most of all, public art creates a sense of civic vitality in the cities, towns, and communities we inhabit and visit, said Robert L. Lynch, president and CEO of Americans for the Arts. As these Public Art Network Year in Review selections illustrate, public art has the power to enhance our lives on a scale that little else can. I congratulate the artists and commissioning groups for these community treasures, and I look forward to honoring more great works in the years to come.The second Boston project that was recognized, Hard in the Paint by Maria Molteni, was developed as part of her project for Boston AIR, the City of Bostons artist-in-residence program. Molteni collaborated with youth from the BCYF Perkins after school program and peewee basketball community to draft and execute vibrant new painted designs for the Harambee Park basketball courts, neighboring the Perkins Center. Molteni aimed on centering the project on community input and narratives, and the final product was a colorful, dynamic basketball court, filled with words and images that define the Perkins community.I think the unique success of our Hard in the Paint project, and what sets it apart from other basketball court projects Ive seen, hinges on the fact that we were allowed to have an organic and radically open community and creative process, said Maria Molteni. When I work on these courts, I intentionally begin with only a loose vision so that the most appropriate piece for that space and neighborhood can develop as it will. Its less about locking down the final product from the beginning and more about being patient, present, and flexible with a genuine and attentive artistic practice.These projects will serve as models for cities around the county because they exemplify the power of public art to celebrate and reflect the diversity of lived experience in the City of Boston, said Kara Elliott-Ortega, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston.Three other projects in Boston were featured in the 2019 PAN Year in Review, including UNLESS by Stephanie Cardon in the Back Bay, Pathways to Freedom by Julia Vogl in the Boston Common, and Temple of Mnemon by Anne Lilly on the Rose Kennedy Greenway. The complete list of projects selected for Year in Review can be viewed online.Building on his Administrations commitment to arts and culture in the City of Boston, in 2017, Americans for the Arts presented Mayor Walsh with the National Award for Local Arts Leadership for cities with a population of 100,000 or more. The award was presented as a way to recognize the accomplishments achieved over the last several years to bolstering the arts, including doubling the amount of grant money available to Boston arts organizations creating a Cabinet-level position for arts and culture creating Bostons first cultural plan, Boston Creates establishing Bostons artist-in-residence program and more.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include implementing the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates commissioning public art, managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester.Americans for the Arts is the leading nonprofit organization for advancing the arts and arts education in America. With offices in Washington, D.C., and New York City, it has a record of more than 55 years of service. Americans for the Arts is dedicated to representing and serving local communities and creating opportunities for every American to participate in and appreciate all forms of the arts.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston's Complete Count Committee, a group of cross-sector leaders that will work to ensure that all Boston residents are aware of the upcoming 2020 U.S. Census, know why it's important, and are prepared to participate. Census day is April 1, 2020, starting the decennial count that determines everything from representation in Congress, to federal funds for schools, affordable housing, infrastructure and health care programs."We want to ensure all Bostonians are counted, because all Bostonians count," said Mayor Walsh. "Members of our Complete Count Committee have the expertise and knowledge in their fields, and are trusted voices in the community. Their leadership will play a vital role in our outreach efforts, and we're confident that they will help us organize and mobilize Bostonians to ensure an equitable and accurate count."The following is a list of Boston's Complete Count Committee:Mayor Walsh and Boston's Complete Count Committee met this week to go over the City's outreach strategy and receive assignments to one of the following subcommittees: aging and persons with disabilities, children and youth, community-based organizations, community centers, corporate and business associations, cultural institutions, faith-based organizations, government officials, health care, higher education, housing and homelessness, labor, Main Streets and neighborhood businesses, and philanthropic foundations."I am honored to serve on Boston's Complete Count Committee and to join a diverse group of leaders charged with ensuring our hardest to reach populations, including our immigrants and people of color, are counted," said Boston City Council President Andrea J. Campbell. "I look forward to exploring all available tools so that our City and all Bostonians ultimately receive the resources they are due.""I am honored to sit on of the City of Boston's Complete Count Committee. The census represents an opportunity for our communities to work towards closing inequitable disparities," said Rep. Chynah Tyler. "With an accurate census count, we can ensure that the federal, state, and local governments provide the adequate amount of assistance to address all issue areas facing Bostonians, especially our most vulnerable.""Religious communities know the worth of every person. We're excited to work with the City to ensure a complete count of every Bostonian," said Rev. Laura E. Everett, Executive Director, Massachusetts Council of Churches.In April 2019, Mayor Walsh, nonprofit leaders and community memberslaunched a year-long outreach campaign to ensure a fair and complete count in the 2020 U.S. Census, where he announced the City is investing an additional $100,000 in his FY20 budget to support Boston's outreach efforts by providing grants to community-based organizations and more support to City departments. This is in addition to a FY19 investment of dedicated staffing resources to support the City's census efforts announced in the Mayor's 2019 State of the City address. Next year's Census faces unprecedented challenges, including significant underfunding of the U.S. Census Bureau, the nearly all-digital nature of the surveys, and the possible inclusion of a citizenship question on which the Supreme Court will soon issue a ruling on. Boston Counts 2020 is the City's effort to support an equitable and complete count in the next U.S. Census, and the Committee will work to ensure every resident in Boston is counted.Data from the 2010 Census determine around $16 billion every year in federal spending for critical programs such as Medicaid, Medicare, affordable housing initiatives, Title I education funding, and infrastructure in Massachusetts. For every one person that's not counted on the Census, the state loses out on roughly $2,400 of federal funding.Despite the amount of federal resources at stake, there are multiple hard-to-count populations that reside in Massachusetts that historically have made a complete census count difficult. This is due in part to the state's population of recent immigrants, renters, college students, and other hard-to-count populations. Boston is the ninth hardest-to-count city among the largest 100 cities nationwide, according to arecent reportby Boston Indicators and the Boston Foundation.For more information on the City's outreach efforts to ensure a fair and complete count, please visitboston.gov/2020-census.
The Bunker Hill Day Parade, the Adidas Boost Games and other special events taking place this weekend will impact traffic and parking in Boston. People coming into the City to attend are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Friday, June 14 through Monday, June 17The Adidas Boost Games taking place in the Copley Square area will require the following street closures from 7 PM on Friday through 7 AM on Monday.The Games will also require the closing of the following streets on Sunday only from 10 AM to 3 PM.No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday 4 PM to Monday 8AM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Friday, June 14The St. Anthony Procession will begin at 6 PM at St. Leonards Peace Garden on Hanover Street in the North End and proceed on the following route throughout the neighborhood. Traffic delays should be expected.Exit the Peace Garden, right onto Hanover St., right onto Prince St., right onto Salem St., left onto Sheafe St., right onto Snowhill St., left onto North Hudson St., left onto Hull St., left onto Salem St., right onto Charter St.- up to Villa Michelangelo, left and continue down Charter St. to Henchman St., left onto Henchman St., right onto Commercial St., right onto Hanover St., past Fleet St., turn around at Prince St., right onto Fleet St., right onto North St., left onto Lewis St., continue down Lewis St., right onto Commercial St., right onto Richmond St., continue on Richmond St., right onto North St., keep left at fork and head toward Sacred Heart Church, left onto Little Prince St., left onto Hanover St., continue on Hanover St., right onto Cross St., right onto Salem St., left onto Cooper St., right onto Endicott St., left onto Thacher St., then turn around, straight on Thacher St. toward North Margin St., left onto North Margin St., turn around and back onto Thacher St., right onto Endicott St., right onto Causeway Street, right onto Prince St., continue up Prince St., left onto Hanover St., to Saint Leonard s Peace Garden.Saturday, June 15The Martin Richard Park Dedication Ceremony will require the closing of Sleeper Street, from Congress Street to Seaport Boulevard, from 8 AM to 6 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Monument Avenue Block Party will require the closing of Monument Avenue, Charlestown, from Warren Street to Monument Avenue, from 10 AM to 5 PM.The Day Before Concert/Monument Square Concert will require closing of Monument Square, Charlestown, from Pleasant Street to Winthrop Street, from 2 PM to 8 PM.Sunday, June 16The Battle of Bunker Hill Road Race will begin on High Street, Charlestown, at the intersection of Elm Street. An estimated 800 runners will proceed on High Street, right onto Winthrop Street, right onto Warren Street, straight onto Main Street, right onto Bunker Hill Street, right onto Lowney Way, right onto Adams Street, left onto Common Street, left onto Park Street, right onto Warren Street, right onto Monument Avenue, right onto Monument Square, follow Monument Square around the monument back to the intersection of Monument Square and High Street, right onto High Street, finishing at High Street and Wood Street.Formation of the Bunker Hill Parade will take place on Constitution Road, Chelsea Street Hunter Street and Decatur Street in Charlestown. The parade will begin at 12:30 PM on Vine Street at Bunker Hill Street, continue onto Bunker Hill Street, left onto Main Street, left onto Monument Avenue, right onto Monument Square, right onto Winthrop Street, left onto Common Street, right onto Park Street. The formation area and streets along the route will close to traffic beginning at approximately 10 AM and will reopen after the conclusion of the parade at approximately 3 PMTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Fathers Day Scholarship Race will begin at the McKeon Post, 4 Hilltop Street, Dorchester, at 9:30 AM. An estimated 350 runners and walkers will proceed on Hilltop Street, left onto Granite Avenue, left onto Hope Avenue, right onto West Squantum Street, right onto Granite Avenue, right onto Hilltop Street, right onto Hallet Street. Very brief traffic delays should be expected.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Councilor Josh Zakim today announced amendments to the "Boston Trust Act," a City ordinance that delineates the work of local law enforcement officials and federal immigration laws. Originally passed unanimously by the City Council and signed into law by Mayor Walsh in 2014, the updated ordinance furthers its original intent of ensuring immigrant integration and advancement by reassuring that local authorities shall not detain someone solely on civil immigration detainer requests or administrative warrants, and shall not transfer someone to immigration authorities unless ordered by judicial authorities."At a time when our federal government keeps drafting cruel policy changes targeting immigrants, in Boston we solely believe in keeping families together and providing them with opportunities so they can fully live their lives," said Mayor Walsh. "Our Boston Police Department has done a notable job in abiding by the Trust Act, but changes in the law and the national rhetoric has made it necessary for us to update the original ordinance. This updated Trust Act further clarifies the roles of our officers, while keeping our residents' safety as the main goal. I thank Councilor Zakim for his collaboration and thorough review of the ordinance.""Passing the Trust Act in 2014 was a proud moment for the City of Boston," Councilor Josh Zakim said. "In the 5 years since, immigrants have been scapegoated and attacked by so-called leaders in this country. These updates to the Trust Act that Mayor Walsh and I are announcing today, are an example of how Boston continues to stand up for our values. Our City's resources and law enforcement personnel should be used to protect Bostonians, not to enforce failed federal immigration policy. I look forward to working with Mayor Walsh, my colleagues on the Council, and advocates in the community to enact these amendments swiftly."A civil immigration detainer request is a request by federal immigration officers to local law enforcement officials to maintain custody of someone and advise federal officials prior to their release. Since the signing of the Boston Trust Act, the Boston Police Department has submitted a report to the City Clerk with the number of civil immigration detainer requests received the number of individuals that City law enforcement officials detained the number of individuals transferred to Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) custody and the total cost reimbursements received from the federal government.Reports from the Boston Police Department show that in 2017 and 2018, ICE lodged 68 and 107 civil immigration detainer requests respectively, which all were given access to bail by BPD and were not transferred to ICE custody. Those that did not post bail were transported to the court for arraignment, moving out of BPD's authority. The updated ordinance keeps requiring the department to report this information, including the reasons for civil immigration detainer requests.The Boston Trust Act preceded theLunn v. Commonwealthcase where the Supreme Judicial Court ruled that Massachusetts and its municipalities do not have the authority under state law to honor civil immigration detainer requests. The updated Boston Trust Act maintains its main clause: local law enforcement shall not detain a person solely on the basis of a civil immigration detainer request issued by a federal immigration officer, or an administrative warrant issued by a federal immigration officer.The Boston Trust Act codifies that local law enforcement officials enforce state laws and local ordinances. Further clarifying their roles with federal immigration laws, the updated Boston Trust Act directs that City and department personnel and funds shall not be used to interrogate, detain, or arrest persons solely for immigration enforcement purposes, which are federal responsibilities, including:The ordinance builds on Boston's immigrant advancement work and its efforts to mitigate the impact of federal immigration restrictions on the City's immigrants. Since the start of the Trump's Administration reform on the immigration system, Mayor Walsh has been opposed to proposed changes to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, the termination of Temporary Protected Status (TPS), the proposed redefinition of "public charge," and HUD's proposed rule to expel from public housing mixed-status families paying prorated rent.Mayor Walsh recently included $50,000 in hisFY20 Budget proposaldedicated to the Greater Boston Immigrant Defense Fund, a public-private partnership that works to increase education and access to legal services to defend its many immigrant communities, refugees, and temporary status holders. Originally designed as a two-year pilot, the Fund demonstrated that Boston residents make up the largest percentage of the cases opened among the 38 cities and towns served by the Defense Fund. City funds included in the FY20 Budget will jumpstart the third year of the Fund.For more information on Boston's immigration work, please visit the Immigrant Advancement website.
Thank you to everyone who participated in the 2019 Awards,either through promoting the program, nominating friends and colleagues, or voting for the finalists. We had more than 200 people attend last weeks Awards Party, and the evening was filled with celebrating the work that every organization has done in the past year to continue to make Boston a resilient and healthy city. Below are the final winners, but we are so grateful for the broad range of leadership we have in the City of Boston when it comes to addressing climate change.The BBR Reuse Center was the recipient the Waste Reduction Award because of their commitment to reducing waste generated during construction. Their Reuse Center reclaims materials that would go into the landfill and makes them available to lower income homeowners in the City.The Perry Family received the Building and Energy Award for showing that when it comes to reducing energy use, small behavior changes can go a long way. With a combination of energy efficient appliances and an energy conscious lifestyle, Billy and Gaby, along with their children, were able to reduce their electric bill by 75 percentin one year.Andrew McFarland and Sarah Kurpiel Lee, received the Active Transportation Award for their work in determining the feasibility of a bus lane on the notoriously congested corridor on Washington Street in Roslindale, between Roslindale Square and the Forest Hills MBTA Station. Through their education campaign and pilot, they helped about 10,000 people get to work faster and easier than before.The Harborkeepers were awarded the Climate Preparedness and Resilience Award fo their work informing residents about climate change, particularly in East Boston. Starting off as a Greenovate Leader Project, they have become a trusted neighborhood nonprofit partner whose work is deeply embedded in community coastal resilience.Clare Ablett, Calida Beliveau, and Eleanor Pelletier received this year's Community Engagement Award for their work to eliminate the use of single-use plastic bags in Boston. As all of you know, they, along with many other advocates who pushed for the plastic bag ban, were ultimately successful. 
Game 7 of the Boston Bruins andSt. Louis Blues Stanley Cup Finalwill be played at the TD Bank North Boston Garden on Wednesday evening, June 12. .Temporary traffic and parking restrictions will be implemented on streets in the Boston Garden/North Station area, as well as near Faneuil Hall and Fenway Park/Kenmore Square. People coming into the City to attend or watch the game in a local establishment are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found on the Blue Bikes website. Information on the MBTA may be also found online. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.At 4 p.m., Canal Street, between Valenti Way and Causeway Street, will close to traffic.Shortly after the start of the game at 8 p.m., the following streets bordered by North Washington Street and Merrimac Street will close to traffic between Valenti Way and Causeway Street.These streets will reopen to traffic at the discretion of the Boston Police Department. BPD will also restrict traffic on additional streets in the City of Boston as necessary.North Station Area:Faneuil Hall Area:Fenway Park/Kenmore Square Area:
Mayor Martin J. Walsh yesterday joined the City of Boston Scholarship Committee at the Suffolk Construction Headquarters in Roxbury to award 32 Boston students up to $10,000 in scholarships to help fund their higher education. Over 120 students currently receive an annual scholarship of $2,500 through the fund for the duration of their undergraduate education. In total, the fund will distribute almost $300,000 in scholarships this year, making college more accessible for Boston residents."I want to congratulate all the scholarship recipients on receiving this well-deserved honor," said Mayor Walsh. "Each of these students represent what it means to be a Bostonian -- working hard, always learning, and never giving up. I am incredibly proud of these students' accomplishments and can't wait to see how they leave their mark on the world."The City of Boston Scholarship Fund was established in 1994 to provide assistance to residents who plan to pursue a two- or four-year undergraduate program in Massachusetts. Applicants must be residents of Boston and must have graduated from high school by the time the awards are made in June."I would love to thank the City of Boston for this scholarship, it means so much to me. Receiving this scholarship makes me even more motivated and encouraged to continue to be a student leader and activist when I get to college because I know that my hard work is being recognized! In addition, college is very expensive, so earning this scholarship helps me a lot financially," said Stanley Aneke, a 2019 City of Boston Scholar who will be attending the University of Massachusetts-Amherst this fall.Funds for the scholarships are made possible from contributions made by residents and corporations. This year's scholarships were supported by generous donations from Arbella Insurance Foundation, Jonathan and Margot Davis, Harvard Pilgrim Health Care, Herb Chambers Foundation, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, Lewis Family Foundation, Santander, and Rapid7 as part of their ongoing commitment to Boston's students.Among the 32 City of Boston Scholars this year, 24 are high school seniors, five are current college students and three are adult learners returning to school to finish their degrees. A profile of the 2019 City of Boston Scholars is included below:The City of Boston Scholarship Committee has awarded over 950 students scholarships since 1995. This year, the Scholarship Fund celebrated the seventeenth year of an endowed scholarship donated by the Rosen Family in memory of Jeffrey Dunipace Rosen. The Fund celebrated the fourth year of the Community Development Scholarship, established in remembrance of Mayor Thomas M. Menino, and a Community Spirit Scholarship in memory of former public servant and City of Boston Scholarship awardee, Dawn Jaffier.This year's scholarship awards strengthen the post-secondary access initiatives that Mayor Walsh has launched or supported over the last year, including theGRAD (Graduate Ready to Achieve Degree) Last Mile Fund, Free Community College Tuition,Boston Bridge,Boston Saves, and ongoing support activities for students through theSuccess Boston partnership.Yesterday's announcement builds on the Mayor's commitment to expanding access to higher education for Boston residents. Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh announced the Benjamin Franklin Institute of Technology (BFIT) will be the first private college to participate in Boston's Tuition-Free Community College Plan. Launched by Mayor Walsh in 2016, Boston's Tuition-Free Community College program makes college more affordable for Boston residents who have earned their high school credential. BFIT joins Roxbury Community College, Bunker Hill Community College, and MassBay Community College as a participant in the program.Included in Mayor Walsh's2019 legislative agendais "An Act Establishing Tuition Free Community College in Massachusetts (House Bill 1245)," filed by Representative Chynah Tyler. The legislation would authorize a waiver of tuition and mandatory fees for community college courses for certain low income and low- and moderate- income students. In addition, the Mayor's legislative agenda includes a proposal that would allow the City of Boston to adjust the Linkage Program, which is used to fund TFCC as well as other workforce training programs.Residents who fit the criteria are encouraged to participate in the 2020-2021 application process, which will begin in early 2020. For more information on the City of Boston Scholarship,visit Boston.gov/scholarshipor send a note tocobscholarship@boston.gov.Additional resources for residents pursuing higher education can be found on the City'sHigher Education Resource page.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Transportation Department (BTD) today announced in partnership with the MBTA thata new, permanent bus lane will be established on Brighton Avenue, inbound from Union Square to Packards Corner, effective in late June. The lane will be active 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and bicycles will be welcome to share the lane with MBTA and school buses. Installation of the lane will start on Wednesday."I am proud that by working collaboratively with residents in the Allston/Brighton community, we are able to dedicate a bus lane on Brighton Avenue that will improve commute times, reduce congestion and reduce emissions from motor vehicles in the neighborhood," said Mayor Walsh. "This new bus lane is an important step forward in our efforts to improve public transportation and make it safer and more reliable for users."Improving bus service is a stated goal ofGo Boston 2030, the City of Boston's long-term transportation plan, with Brighton Avenue, between Cambridge Street and Commonwealth Avenue, being identified as a priority corridor. More than 14,000 MBTA bus passengers travel along this stretch each day, and the street is used by Boston Public School buses as well.The MBTA is providing financial support for design and implementation of the bus lane, while the Mayor's budget calls for investing $200,000 annually for maintenance of designated bus lanes in the City of Boston. The MBTA will also assist in the enforcement of the bus lane, and will collaborate with BTD to monitor the lane's effectiveness. As a second phase of the Brighton Avenue project, the City will partner with the MBTA to look at other bus service improvements for the corridor this fall. BTD will also explore updating traffic signals to give priority to buses, as well as bumping out the curb at bus stops, so buses will not need to leave the bus lane to allow passengers on and off."This is great news for riders of the Routes 57 and 66, and it reinforces our commitment to partner with Boston and other communities to improve transit services for those who are dependent upon it," said MBTA General Manager Steve Poftak. "Our Capital Investment Program has dedicated $9 million to fund bus lanes and other improvements for approximately fourteen miles of high volume bus corridors in and around Boston."The launch of this lane has been supported by community partners including Allston Main Streets, the Allston-Brighton Health Collaborative, and LivableStreets Alliance. These groups have been instrumental in collecting feedback on bus service from riders and community members, as well as collaborating with the City on the final design of the lane.Anna Leslie, MPH, Director of the Allston Brighton Health Collaborative said, "Since Winter 2018, the Allston Brighton Health Collaborative has worked closely with Livable Streets Alliance and Allston Village Main Streets to demonstrate the broad neighborhood support for safer and more efficient mobility on Brighton Ave. We know that accessible transportation for all is essential for any healthy community and our Transportation Committee is so pleased with the bus/bike lane outcome. We are so appreciative to the BTD Transit Team for prioritizing this corridor and thinking creatively, and we look forward to continued and successful partnership."The Boston Transportation Department's newly-formed Transit Team, created under the leadership of Mayor Walsh, has engaged in a robust stakeholder engagement process to prepare for the installation of this lane. The team has connected with community organizations in the area and visited all businesses along the eastbound side of Brighton Avenue. In addition, the Transit Team has launcheda project pagefor the bus lane on the City's website.In addition to the new bus/bike lane, two new zones are being established in Brighton Avenue at Harvard Avenue and Linden Street for daytime commercial loading and evening pick up/drop off. Flexible curb space on Brighton Avenue will help reduce double parking, provide space for rideshare vehicle pick up/drop off, and support access to businesses.The Brighton Avenue bus lane follows the success of the permanent bus lane that the City installed in 2018 on Washington Street, inbound from Roslindale Village to the Forest Hills Station. The Washington Street bus lane received strong support from Roslindale residents, bus riders, and cyclists. MBTA data has confirmed that riders have benefited from the bus lane.After the installation of the lane, travel time was reduced by 20 to 25 percent during the hours of highest congestion (7:30 AM to 8:30 AM). In a survey of bus riders and bicyclists on Washington Street, 94 percent supported a permanent bus and bicycle lane. Of the bus passengers, 92 percent perceived that the bus lane decreased their travel time. Of the bicyclists, 89 percent reported feeling safer in the shared lane. In addition, morning peak period daily ridership along Washington Street increased by 158 passengers following the installation of the bus lane.This launch of the Brighton Avenue bus lane is part of a collaborative effort by the City and the MBTA to expand transit infrastructure and improve rider experience throughout Boston. BTD is also working on plans to install a bus lane downtown on heavily congested North Washington Street. For more information on the new bus lane, pleasevisit here.
The positive impact that we are able to make on our community is made possible with the help of volunteers!Volunteer opportunities with Youth Engagement andEmployment are open to all ages and available year-round.Volunteers will supportyouth with:Volunteer with usThank you for your interest in serving with the City of Boston!
Want to hear more aboutyouth civic engagement, career development, employment, and resources in Boston? Request to have our Outreach Team visit your organization to:Select how you want us to engage with young people at your organization and what resources you would like us to focus on by filling out the form below.Request our team!Our dynamic team includes an Outreach Coordinator, Outreach Specialist, Youth Resource Specialist, and Communications Specialist.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston has received Superseding Orders of Conditions (SOC) from the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection (MassDEP) to rebuild the bridge to Long Island. In the ruling, MassDEP determined that Boston's proposal meets the performance standards under the Wetlands Protection Act and minimizes impacts to coastal wetland resources in both Boston and Quincy."Our efforts to create a regional recovery campus on Long Island have always been guided by our fundamental belief that every person deserves a chance at recovery," said Mayor Walsh. "The opioid crisis we're living goes beyond city lines, and we welcome everyone's support as we take action to help those suffering find their path to a better life. The Long Island Bridge carried the weight of those in need for more than 60 years and it's our hope that the island will once again serve as the sanctuary it's meant to be."The SOC comes after Boston appealed the Quincy Conservation Commission's Order of Conditions denying Boston's application to rebuild the bridge and Quincy's appeal of the Boston Conservation Commission's granting of the permit. In 2014, Mayor Walsh made the decision to close Long Island Bridge to ensure public safety, demolishing the bridge superstructure. Mayor Walsh then pledged in his 2018 inaugural address to rebuild it and create a comprehensive, long-term recovery campus on Long Island.City of Boston engineers and consultants have determined that rebuilding the bridge is necessary for day-to-day operations and emergency service to and from Long Island, presenting publicly on the plan over the last year, including at the Boston Conservation Commission, the Quincy Conservation Commission, and community meetings in both cities.The bridge will have an estimated 75-year lifespan and will be reconstructed by rehabilitating the existing piers and placing a new superstructure, along with improving access to the roadways on both Moon Island and Long Island.After examining a ferry service, City of Boston engineers and consultants determined that this is not an adequate option given the environmental impact, cost, and typical timeline for implementation, and more importantly, the inability of a ferry to support the required public safety services for a public health campus.The City of Boston is planning an innovative and holistic recovery campus on Long Island that will expand essential recovery services for the region, fill gaps in the continuum of care and utilize the natural environment to provide a healing space. The City has contracted with Gensler and Ascension Recovery Services to identify the types of services, resources and treatment options that would be best suited for the island and create a master plan for the recovery campus.Having been in recovery for over 20 years, Mayor Walsh understands firsthand how easily addiction can take hold and how difficult it can be to recover. In his first term, Mayor Walsh made expanding access to recovery services in Boston a priority by creating theOffice of Recovery Servicesto study substance use in Boston and lead the city's strategy around substance use disorders, addiction and recovery. This is the first municipal recovery office in the nation.The City has taken a comprehensive approach to tackle the opioid epidemic, serving people in all stages of the continuum of care, from providing harm reduction services to ensure people can maintain health in various aspects of their lives, to connecting people with beds at rehabilitation facilities, to offering inpatient and outpatient programming, to long-term peer support for those further along in their recovery journey.Continuing these efforts, the City of Bostonfiled a complaintin Suffolk Superior Court against 13 opioid manufacturers, four distributors, and one local doctor that have contributed to the local opioid epidemic through misleading marketing and reckless dissemination of opioids that has led to thedeaths of more than 830 Boston residents since 2014.As part of the litigation, the City is seeking to recover both past and future damages and injunctive relief associated with addressing the opioid epidemic in Boston.
Building on his commitment to build more affordable housing in the City of Boston, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Trinity Financial, elected officials, community and business leaders to celebrate the official opening of Treadmark - an 83-unit mixed-income, mixed-use, transit-oriented development in Dorchester."The opening of Treadmark is an important and exciting milestone for Peabody Square," said Mayor Walsh. "I want to thank Trinity Financial and all partners for quickly committing to rebuilding this project after the devastating fire in 2017. I am proud that together we have created dozens of affordable units and retail space for businesses that will help boost the local economy."Treadmark is inspired by the neighborhood history of the former Ashmont Tire company, a landmark business that operated on the site for almost 50 years. The building boasts 83 mixed-income units to the neighborhood, including 51 affordable rental units and 32 homeownership units.Treadmark was designed by HGTV celebrity and Boston-based interior designer Taniya Nayak, who integrated the character of Dorchester, creating a vibrant and welcoming project. The project also features ground-floor retail with the neighborhood shop, American Provisions. Exterior landscaping was created by the landscape architecture and planning firm Copley Wolff Design Group. In addition to American Provisions, Trinity Financial will complete the ground-floor retail program, with two remaining retail spaces totaling 2,500 square feet."We're excited to celebrate the official opening of Treadmark and want to thank all of our public and private partners for their hard work and collaboration, which has been vital in bringing the vision of this project to fruition," said James Keefe, principal at Trinity Financial. "Treadmark is located on the red line in the heart of Boston's most diverse neighborhood. We are so proud of this project and of the commitment of this community whose support has been instrumental, particularly through the rebuilding process."The development for this new building was made possible in part by investments from the City of Boston the Massachusetts Department of Housing and Community Development Boston Private Bank and RBC Capital Markets. Additionally, the Massachusetts Housing Investment Corporation played a crucial role in the completion of the Treadmark project.The ribbon cutting of Treadmark marks a major milestone in the continued growth of Ashmont/ Peabody Square following a lengthy process of recovery after a 2017 construction fire. Dedication to the neighborhood led to the commitment to immediately rebuild. In addition to these 83 new units of housing, the City has added more than 200 units of housing to the area. "Treadmark highlights our long-standing commitment to community investment, and we are pleased to be a key financing source for this type of mixed-used, mixed-income project that will benefit this neighborhood for generations to come," said Esther Schlorholtz, director of community investment, Boston Private Bank."Treadmark exemplifies what can be done through strong public-private partnerships and targeted investments. It advances the transformation of a historic Boston neighborhood into a vibrant, healthy and diverse neighborhood, and it was a perfect fit for a Healthy Neighborhoods Equity Fund investment," said Joe Flatley, president of the Massachusetts Housing Investment.Trademark offers affordable units to low- and middle-class families and strongly aligns with the City's housing goals outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030. Mayor Walsh recently increased the City's overall housing targets from 53,000 to 69,000 new units by 2030 to meet Boston's population growth. These updated housing goals build on Mayor Walsh's commitment to increasing access to home ownership, preventing displacement and promoting fair and equitable housing access.Since the release of the original Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030 plan in 2014,income-restricted housing stock, designed to increase affordable housing, has grown along with overall new production: nearly 20 percent of housing units are income restricted, and 25 percent of rental units are income restricted. In total, after creating an additional 15,820 units of income-restricted housing, Boston will have nearly 70,000 units of income-restricted housing by 2030.For more information on the City's work to create more housing, please visit:Housing A Changing City: Boston 2030.Since 1987, Trinity Financial has pursued a distinctive vision in real estate development, dedicated to revitalizing neighborhoods, strengthening commerce and fostering opportunities through a collaborative urban spirit. Our work spans half a dozen residential and commercial specialties, from multi-unit housing to transit-oriented development. Across that spectrum, Trinity projects, demonstrate a high caliber of vision and attention to detail, which sets them apart and has led to sustainable success.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced new leadership at several key City of Boston departments, including Boston Transportation, Elections, Inspectional Services and Property Management."I am incredibly proud to welcome these individuals into these important leadership posts," said Mayor Walsh. "The work of each of these departments is crucial to our overall mission of serving the residents of Boston in the best way we can, and through these new appointments I look forward to our continued work ahead in making progress on our goals."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the 10 Maplewood Street in West Roxbury, MA 02132.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 17, 2019.
Now in its 23rd year, the contest recognizes gardeners who have landscaped, planted flowers, trees, shrubs, and, in the process, helped beautify Bostons neighborhoods.Gardeners or those nominating their favorite gardeners may find printable and online nomination forms on the Mayor's Garden Contest website. First place winners will receive the coveted Golden Trowel award from Mayor Walsh and prize packages from Mahoneys Garden Centers and the Boston Flower and Garden Show at an awards ceremony in August in the Public Garden presented with support from Polar Beverages. First place winners in this years Garden Contest will also be entered into a drawing for a JetBlue Grand Prize consisting of roundtrip flights for two to any nonstop destination from Boston. Terms, conditions, and blackout dates apply.Gardeners who have won three or more times in the last ten years will be automatically entered into the Hall of Fame and will be recognized at the awards ceremony in late August. These distinguished Hall-of-Famers are not eligible to enter as contestants, but are welcome to return as judges.To enter the contest, apply online at www.boston.gov/mayors-garden-contest or pick up entry forms at Boston City Hall, Boston Community Centers, and Boston Public Library branches. For more information, please call 617-635-4505.
The ParkARTS outdoor neighborhood summer concerts are presented free of charge in local City of Boston parks. The series begins at 7 p.m. on Wednesday, July 10, with The Chosen at Horatio Harris Park, 85 Harold Street, Roxbury 7 p.m. on Thursday, July 11, with the Joshua Tree U2 tribute at Hemenway Playground, 540 Adams Street, Dorchester 7 p.m. on Tuesday, July 16, with the Nephrok Allstars at Brighton Common, 30 Chestnut Hill Avenue, Allston-Brighton 7 p.m. on Thursday, July 18, with the Fast Times 80s tribute at Billings Field, 369 LaGrange Street, West Roxbury 7 p.m. on Tuesday, July 23, with Sam Robbins at Adams Park in Roslindale Square and 6:30 p.m. on Wednesday, July 24, with Swingin in the Fens featuring Marianne Solivan at Ramler Park, 130 Peterborough Street, Fenway. The ParkARTS Citywide Neighborhood Concerts continue at 7 p.m. on Thursday, July 25, with Soul City Band at Blackstone Park, 1535 Washington Street, South End 7 p.m. on Friday, July 26, with Magnum Sound at Clifford Park, 160 Norfolk Avenue, Roxbury 7 p.m. on Wednesday, July 31, with The Rebels Tom Petty tribute at Medal of Honor Park, 775 East First Street, South Boston and 5 p.m. on Sunday, August 4, with Jazz at the Fort featuring the Fred Woodard Collective at Highland Park, 58 Beech Glen Street, Roxbury. The series ends on Monday, August 5, with The Woo Factor at 5 p.m. at Hunt/Almont Park, 40 Almont Street, Mattapan.All ParkARTS neighborhood performances are free of charge. For more information or a full schedule of events, please call 617-635-4505, visit the ParkARTS website, or visit the Parks Facebook page.
On a chilly spring day in 2018, Leticia Paterlini, a program specialist at the Boston Tax Help Coalition, helped one of her long-time clients prepare his tax return. As the two chatted in Portuguese, her client, Lucas*, mentioned that a company was helping him fix his credit score.Are you paying them for that? Paterlini asked. Yes, about $800 a month, he replied. Paterlini was immediately suspicious. Lucas was a recent immigrant who was still learning how the tax, credit, and lending systems worked in the U.S. He also did not speak much English. She knew that Lucas would be a prime target for predatory finance schemes. Paterlini referred Lucas to her colleague, Jose Rodriguez, who is a multilingual financial coach with the Mayors Office of Financial Empowerment (OFE). Jose walked Lucas through a free Financial Check-Up. The Check-Up, which was conducted in Spanish, included a personalized financial assessment and credit score review. Jose then helped Lucas come up with a plan to rebuild his credit without the help of the credit-fixing company.Lucas managed to clear his credit in eight months. The following year, when Lucas went to file his taxes, he nearly cried when he saw how much he would be getting back. He had had no idea that his cleared credit would impact his tax returns so much. His return increased about 1,200% from $600 to $8,000. This happy ending to Lucas story was made possible because the Boston Tax Help Coalition (BTHC) has spent the last 15 years developing fully-inclusive programming. As part of the Office of Financial Empowerment, they provide free financial coaching to Boston residents. During the tax season, the Coalitions accessibility practice has made it possible for anyone who uses another language or communicates in an alternative way to access free tax and asset-building services and get referrals for long-term assistance. This has had huge implications for advancing equity in communities that have traditionally had less access to resources and opportunities for financial empowerment. Integrative and collaborative programming is hard work, but it is a critical part of what we do because this is what an inclusive city can look like, says Mimi Turchinetz, Director of the Boston Tax Help Coalition. While accessibility planning does not happen overnight, Turchinetz and her team have been persistent in refining their services to be as inclusive as possible. For example, BTHC hires nine part-time Ambassadors who lead outreach efforts across various immigrant and disability communities within Boston. Ambassadors are multilingual community leaders who are fluent in English and at least one other language: American Sign Language (ASL), Arabic, CaboVerdean Creole, Chinese, Haitian Creole, Portuguese, Spanish, and Vietnamese. They play an important role in educating clients, helping with tax returns, and building trust in their communities.The organization also recruits and trains about 400 volunteers per year, some of whom are fluent in other languages besides English. Volunteers help clients file taxes and some are available to provide interpretation services at more than 30tax sites all over Boston. In addition to supporting language accessibility, BTHC has been a leader in integrating their services with the needs of the disability community. They have evaluated all their partner tax sites for ADA compliance and run regular training for staff and volunteers on best practices when communicating with individuals with disabilities. BTHC also organizes American Sign Language (ASL) Tax Days in partnership with the Mayors Disabilities Commission and Deaf Inc., a Boston-based nonprofit that serves individuals who are Deaf, Hard of Hearing, and Deaf Blind. These tax days are designed to accommodate people across diverse needs and communications preferences. A number of ASL hearing interpreters and Deaf interpreters are hired to make these tax days possible. This years sessions helped around 100 people file their tax returns and receive Financial Check-Ups.The Coalitions language and communications accessible programming makes it possible for thousands of Boston residents to access free asset-building services like tax preparation help, Financial Check-Ups, credit-building, one-on-one finance and career coaching, and much more. And when it comes to the impact of the organization, Paterlini says it best: We do so much more than offer tax help in other languages or translate materials. We help people rebuild their lives. The Boston Tax Help Coalition is a public-private partnership managed by the Mayors Office of Financial Empowerment. In 2018, the organization helped nearly 13,000 low- and middle-income taxpayers recover approximately $33 million dollars in refunds and credits. The 2019 tax season was the Coalitions 18th year providing free tax preparation services for Boston residents and there are no plans of slowing down. *Lucas name has been changed to protect their identity.The Office of Language and Communication Access works to strengthen the City of Boston so that services, programs and activities are meaningfully accessible to all constituents. To learn more, visit the Language and Communications Access website.
The Boston Pride Parade and related events, the Special Olympics, and other special events taking place between Friday, June 7, and Sunday, June 9, will impact traffic and parking in Boston. People coming into the City to attend are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.The Boston Dyke March will begin at 7 PM at the Parkman Bandstand on the Boston Common. An estimated 2,000 participants will exit the Boston Common, turn right onto Charles Street, left onto Beacon Street, left onto Arlington Street, right onto Commonwealth Avenue, left onto Clarendon Street, left onto Boylston Street, returning to the Boston Common at the corner of Boylston and Charles Streets. Traffic will be delayed as participants proceed along the route.The Special Olympics Massachusetts Torch Run will begin at 7 PM at Boston Colleges Beacon Street Garage. An estimated 200 runners will proceed to Beacon Circle, St. Thomas More Road (DCR Roadway), right onto Commonwealth Avenue, left onto Harry Agganis Way.The Special Olympics Summer Games will take place at Boston Universitys Nickerson Field and at Harvard University. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday through Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.An estimated 20,000 Boston Pride Parade participants will gather on Boylston Street, between Dalton and Clarendon Streets. At 12 PM participants will march on Clarendon Street, left onto Tremont Street, left onto Berkeley Street, right onto Boylston Street, left onto Charles Street, right onto Beacon Street, left onto Tremont Street, straight onto Cambridge Street, right onto City Hall Plaza. Streets along the route will be closed to traffic from approximately 10 AM through 4 PM. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Chandler Street Block Party will require the closing of Chandler Street, between Tremont and Berkeley Streets, from 7 AM to 8 PM. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 6 AM to 9 PM will be in effect as follows.The Esme Womens Block Party will require the closing of Edgar Allen Poe Way/Carver Street, from Boylston Street to the western corner of the MassDOT building, from 12 PM to 7 PM.Work taking place in the Financial District will require the following street closures from 5 AM to 9 PM.The Boston Pride 2019 Back Bay Block Party will require the closing of Saint James Avenue, from Berkeley Street to Arlington Street, from 6 AM to 11 PM. Tow Zone No Stopping Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Boston Pride 2019 Jamaica Plain Block Party will require the closing of Perkins Street, from Centre Street to South Huntington Avenue from 6 AM to 11 PM. Tow Zone No Stopping Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Walk for Childrens Hospital, taking place on DCR property, will require Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 12:01 AM to 3 PM parking restrictions to be in effect on City of Boston streets as follows.The North End Cornhole Classic will require Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 10 AM to 7 PM parking restrictions to be in effect as follows.Work taking place in the Financial District will require the following street closures from 5 AM to 8 PM.Work taking place in the Financial District will require the following street closures from 5 AM to 7 PM.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department yesterday unveiled nearly $3 million in improvements to the Paul Revere Mall in the North End with aNeighborhood Coffee Hour. Improvements include new brick paving, fountain and masonry restoration, accessibility improvements, site lighting, tree pruning, and new tree plantings.Also known as "The Prado," the Paul Revere Mall is an urban plaza designed by Arthur Shurcliff, an early 20thcentury landscape architect known for his work at Colonial Williamsburg. One of Boston's most visited urban spaces in the North End, the Mall connects Hanover Street to the Old North Church. As part of the design process, a team of landscape architects, arborists, and engineers reviewed historic materials, design, and tree health to develop the improvement plan. "For a century, people from all over the world have come to The Prado to learn about the North End's history -- and every day, it brings friends and neighbors together to keep traditions alive," said Mayor Walsh. "This renovation preserves everything that makes this place great, while making it safer and more comfortable. Along will all other capital projects, we want Boston's beautiful, historic parks to bring communities together for generations to come."Mayor Walsh recently announced$2.78 billion in capital investmentsover the next five years, including schools, roads, bridges, bike lanes, libraries, and more. To protect the North End from sea level rise due to the low-lying coastline, the Capital Plan invests $15.3 million in resilient open spaces like Langone Park and Puopolo Playground, $1 million for the playground renovation for the Christopher Columbus Park, and $200,000 for the design of the Cutillo Park renovation."The revitalization of The Prado successfully preserved the original design and historical charm of the park while also improving accessibility, increasing visibility, and completing much needed repairs to this vital open space that is enjoyed by North Enders and Freedom Trail walkers alike," said North End resident John Pregmon.Other investments in the North End include the final phase of a $35.6 million construction at the Eliot School at 585 Commercial Street, a $1.5 million investment to assess the physical conditions of the North End Branch of the Boston Public Library, a $3 million investment towards the design of the new North End Community Center, and a $2.5 million investment for the reconstruction of North Square, which will include the installation of public art.Mayor Walsh's FY20 continues to invest in preserving and creating a strong middle class, and creating opportunities for all those who live in Boston. The FY20 budget supports Boston's long-term plan,Imagine Boston 2030.Imagine Boston 2030is Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years aimed at guiding growth to support Boston's dynamic economy and expand opportunity for all residents. The plan prioritizes inclusionary growth and puts forth a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood across the City. Shaped by the input of 15,000 residents who contributed their thoughts to the plan, Imagine Boston 2030 identifies five action areas to guide Boston's growth, enhancement and preservation, and is paired with a set of metrics that will evaluate progress and successes.For more information on the FY20 budget proposal, please visitbudget.boston.gov.
Building on his commitment to delivering exceptional basic city services in neighborhoods throughout the City of Boston, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a series of updates to citywide trash collection services, including a new start time of 6 a.m. beginning on July 1, and a new weekly schedule for collection services in the North End."One of the most fundamental ways we can improve the quality of life in our neighborhoods is by proactively addressing the basic needs of our residents," said Mayor Walsh. "It is our hope that by making these changes to our trash collection efforts, we will be able to more efficiently and more effectively meet the demand for these services and keep our neighborhoods clean for all."As part of the City's new five-year trash contract with Capitol Waste, the City will implement a new citywide trash, recycling and yard waste collection time of 6 a.m. beginning on July 1.With an earlier start time, workers will be able to get a jumpstart on their day-long collection efforts, removing curbside trash at an earlier time. Crews will also be able to complete all collection services more efficiently, reducing congestion on city streets during peak hours. The current citywide time for collection is 7 a.m.In an effort to address the ongoing need for trash collection in the North End, starting on July 1, recycling and trash collection in the North End will be changed to Mondays and Thursdays. Thursday day street sweeping operation will be moved to Friday. These changes will allow the Public Works Department to make sure the streets in one of the busiest downtown neighborhoods will be clean for residents and visitors, and will make it easier for small businesses to receive deliveries in advance of the weekend. Previously, weekly North End trash collection was scheduled for Monday and Friday.Over the last several years, the City has taken several proactive steps to ensure high-quality services for residents, including:The City of Boston encourages residents to utilize tools like the City's free"Trash Day"app. The app enables Boston residents to search a directory of hundreds of household items to find out the right way to dispose of them while on the go or at home. App users can also view a calendar for their home's collection dates, set reminders and get notifications of schedule changes.The Boston Public Works Department (PWD) provides core services essential to neighborhood quality of life. We direct general construction, maintenance, and cleaning of approximately 802 miles of roadways throughout the City. PWD operates two major drawbridges, maintain 68,055 street lights, and supervise contracts for the removal and disposal of approximately 190.000 tons of solid waste. We also operate Boston's recycling program with an annual diversion of approximately 45,000 tons. Follow them on Twitter@BostonPWD.
Building on his commitment to make public spaces welcoming, accessible and equitable for all, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the renovation concept design of Boston City Hall Plaza. The renovation will transform the Plaza into a civic space for all residents, with universal accessibility, new civic spaces for all to use, increased environmental sustainability, and critical infrastructure improvements that will ensure the Plaza is safe and accessible for all for generations to come."Boston's City Hall Plaza is a space visited by thousands of Boston residents each and every day," said Mayor Walsh. "This renovation will turn our seven-acre space into a welcoming, accessible space for all, featuring new civic spaces for events to areas for families to enjoy together. Creating a new People's Plaza will help us achieve our goals of making one of Boston's most-used public spaces better for all residents."The seven-acre plaza is one of the City's largest civic spaces and for the last 50 years it has hosted events ranging from sports celebrations and rallies, to seasonal cultural festivals. The Plaza's sustainable and forward-thinking renovation will bring Boston's City Hall Plaza up to 21st-century standards, and create a Plaza that is welcoming and accessible for all residents and visitors. The Plaza design is created by Sasaki, a global design firm specializing in urban design.Phase 1 of the project will deliver updated civic spaces and programming capabilities, as well as add infrastructure that will make the Plaza more sustainable, including connecting Congress and Cambridge Streets with an accessible sloped Promenade activated by 21stcentury civic amenities like shady seating and gathering areas, a destination play space, public art space and an iconic water feature.City Hall Plaza's redesign includes a focus on:With Boston's renovated City Hall Plaza, this community space will become universally accessible for residents of all abilities. Opening up the Plaza for all will include re-opening the second floor of City Hall Plaza to the public, allowing easier access to the building. This public-facing entrance was closed in 2001, and will open again under the new renovation plan.The renovation also includes 3,000 new welcoming spaces for residents to sit, 12,000 square feet of playscapes for children and families, and 11,000 square feet of terraces for pop-up play and interactive public art.Boston City Hall Plaza renovation will right-size one of Boston's largest event spaces, and create civic event spaces that can be used by all Boston residents. The renovation includes creating seven new "plug and play" locations for community groups to utilize, with space for 10,000 - 12,0000 visitors on the main Plaza, and room for a 20,000 - 25,000 person gathering on the entire Plaza.The new design will also include three smaller event and gathering places, and a new civic building on Congress Street, equipped with a bathroom and other facilities to support public gatherings.Creating a sustainable City Hall Plaza that meets the City's environmental goals is one of the key parts of the Plaza renovation, and this renovation will make City Hall Plaza one of Boston's signature civic spaces environmentally sustainable, meeting Boston's resilience standards.The renovation includes an increase in permeable surfaces that will soak up stormwater, planning ahead for severe weather in downtown Boston. The design also includes 100 new trees, improving the shade, scale and air quality of the Plaza. Fifty lights will be replaced with efficient LED technology, and 22,500 feet of granite and brick paving will be reused or recycled.As part of the master planning process beginning in early 2015, Mayor Walsh engaged the community through dozens of public meetings and across social media to help crowdsource ideas on how to reimagine the Plaza. As the project has proceeded it has engaged, and will continue to engage, many stakeholders and impacted abutters and neighbors, including the MBTA and the U.S. General Services Administration, which concurrently has been masterplanning their own modern-era structures and neighboring and sites.Funding for Phase 1 of the Plaza is included in Boston's Capital Budget, announced earlier this year. Of this budget, $70 million in total project costs is designated to complete Phase 1 of the Boston City Hall Plaza renovation.The$2.78 billion FY20-24 Capital Planis how the City makes critical investments in the City's capital assets, including schools, roads, bridges, bike lanes, libraries, and more. This year's plan includes renewed public housing in Charlestown, revitalized parks in Dorchester, transportation improvements in Allston-Brighton, school improvements across the city, and fulfills Mayor Walsh's commitment to dedicating over 10 percent of new city funding toward climate resilient projects. This plan ensures the municipal, civic and open space assets that residents cherish in their neighborhoods will remain active and vibrant parts of the community for years to come.The Plaza design and implementation is led by global design firm Sasaki. The project is managed through the City's Operations Cabinet by the Public Facilities Department in partnership with the Property Management Department and is assisted by owners project manager Skanska USA."Boston City Hall Plaza has long been Boston's place to gather, celebrate and make residents' voices heard," said Isabel Zempel, Sasaki landscape principal. "This historic Plaza recently celebrated its 50th anniversary and these updates will bring the Plaza into the modern century with improved infrastructure, sustainability, and public spaces. The Plaza's renovation will honor its original intentions and history, while making it a more accessible place for all."The current renovation project builds off the foundations of the Boston City Hall and Plaza Master Planning Study: Rethink City Hall. Released by Mayor Walsh in October 2017, the study was led by the City's Public Facilities Department and design teams of Utile and Reed Hilderbrand. The study resulted in a 30-year master plan to address required repairs and to transform the 50-year-old City Hall and Plaza into an innovative, healthy, efficient and civic facility designed to better serve current and future generations of Bostonians and visitors.Over 600 residents visit Boston City Hall on a daily basis, while 19,500 residents live within a half-mile of the Plaza, in addition to its 18 million annual tourist visitors. This renovation supports Mayor Walsh's commitment to investing in civic spaces throughout Boston, and creating a City Hall that is accessible for all residents.Previous work by the City to enhance the Plazainclude seasonal eventslike The Patios: presented by Berkshire Bank along with the Boston Garden Development Corp., whichreopened on Thursday, May 2and Boston's free summer lunch program for students on the Plaza, or Boston's now-annual summer "lawn" popup piloted in partnership with the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics.More information about the City Hall Plaza renovation isavailable on boston.gov. Apublic community meetingwill be held at Boston City Hall Plaza on Wednesday, June 5,at 6 p.m. for a design presentation and discussion about the Plaza renovation.Part of the City of Boston's Operations Cabinet, the Public Facilities Department supports all City departments in their efforts to improve customer services to Boston's constituencies. The Public Facilities Department oversees all major projects at City-owned buildings and is responsible for managing the programming, planning, design and construction for new buildings and major renovations across all neighborhoods in Boston..For over sixty years,Sasakihas brought together the best of landscape architecture, planning, urban design, architecture, interior design, civil engineering, graphic design, place branding, and data science to shape the places in which we live. Out of our Boston and Shanghai offices we are defining the contours of place and redefining what's possible along the way. Today, we are a diverse practice of 300 professionals who share a singular passion for creating spaces and places around the world that prove human potential.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the 11 Dana Avenue in Hyde Park, MA 02136.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 23, 2019.
The four-month-long series offers 30 free classes per week from June 3 to September 28 in 19 neighborhoods across the city. Additional support is provided by KIND Snacks and Polar Beverages.The official launch took place in Copley Square with free Zumba and Qigong classes. The event introduced all that the series has to offer Bostonians this summer including yoga, walking group, Tai Chi, Carnival Fit, strength training, Salsa dancing, family fitness, Cardio Dance, and Afrobeat Bootcamp with new classes featuring POUND Fitness and Qigong. The program is tailored to the interests of residents and participants, including age-friendly classes for kids and older adults as well as those new to fitness classes.We are proud to partner with the Boston Public Health Commission and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department on the Parks Summer Fitness Series again this year, said Jeff Bellows, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts vice president of corporate citizenship and public affairs. This series puts a spotlight on the abundance of public green spaces in Boston, while reminding us all that we can enjoy our citys parks and safely exercise outside. Participants will learn the value of exercising outdoors, helping to build healthy habits that extend year-round.According toresearch conducted and analyzed by the Boston Public Health Commission, in 2017, 25 percent of adult residents and 15 percent of public high school studentswereobese. These rates were even higher among communities of color where 37 percent of black adults and 34 percent of Latino adultswereobese, compared to 18 percent of white adult residents. Only 16 percent of Boston adult residents reported to exercise regularly.By engaging in a citywide effort to increase opportunities for physical activity, BPHC and the Parks Department aim to further reduce barriers to active living and achieve the goal of ensuring that Bostonians have ample opportunities to be active.For a full schedule please visit the Parks summer fitness website. For updates, follow @HealthyBoston and @BostonParksDept on Twitter, or call 617-534-2355.
Many are aware of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, a mental health condition that affects three to fourpercent of all people in the United States, and more than 10 percent of U.S. military veterans. It is a condition many experience following a significant traumatic event,in this context defined as being a victim of or witness to a life-threatening event, serious injury, or sexual assault.Following a traumatic event, if you or someone you care aboutis experiencing severe nightmares or intrusive waking flashbacks, constant anxiety or fear, persistent feelings of low self-worth, and detachment from others, you may be experiencing PTSD symptoms. You would benefit from looking into building supports and professional treatment to improve your quality of life. We listed information below and support-based resources for PTSD survivors.As always, feel free to reach out to the Employee Assistance Programfor further resources and support for all mental health matters.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the David A. Ellis Elementary School in Roxbury has been selected by the Massachusetts Department of Transportation (MassDOT) as one of 14 schools in Massachusetts to receive improvements through the Massachusetts Safe Routes to School (SRTS) Infrastructure Project Funding Program. These improvements will strengthen Boston's work through its long-term transportation plan,Go Boston 2030, which is focused on ensuring transportation in Boston is safe, accessible and equitable for all. The Ellis School selection was awarded through a City of Boston request for funding to implement a comprehensive traffic calming project in the area. The Ellis School community, as well as the Roxbury Slow Streets-Safe Schools Coalition, has worked closely with the City of Boston to address safety concerns at this location and to plan upcoming improvements. Construction funds will be available starting fall 2021."I'm delighted that upgrades will soon be made to significantly improve safety for students and their families who walk and ride bikes to the Ellis Elementary School each day," said Mayor Walsh. "Boston is committed to ensuring all students can get to school safely and securely, and I look forward to this grant improving the experiences of all at the Ellis Elementary School."The City of Boston's estimated $980,000 traffic calming project will use a variety of tools to slow vehicle speeds, provide safer crossings, and expand Boston's growing bike network near Ellis Elementary. The Safe Routes to School grant will fund a comprehensive suite of traffic calming interventions along Walnut Avenue, Humboldt Avenue, and several side streets. MassDOT will work with City agencies on the project's design and construction. This effort is a continuation of rapid-response safety improvements completed in 2018 as part of Vision Zero Boston's Focus on Schools initiative, which resulted in pedestrian safety improvements along Walnut Avenue in response to speeding concerns."In the Boston Public Schools, there is nothing more important than the safety of our students," said BPS Interim Superintendent Laura Perille. "This collaboration with MassDOT will help provide a safer environment for our students as they arrive and leave school everyday.""Boston's Transportation and Public Works Departments are committed to Vision Zero and to working to ensure the safety of everyone who travels on our roadways," said Chris Osgood, Boston's Chief of Streets. "I'd like to thank the Ellis School community, the Roxbury Slow Streets-Safe Schools Coalition, and the Garrison Trotter, Sugar Hill, and Hutchings Street Neighborhood Associations for partnering with Boston's Transportation, Public Works and School Departments, as well as the Boston Public Health Commission, on this effort. I'd also like to thank MassDOT for their support of the City's application."In partnership with the Boston Public Health Commission, Boston Public Schools launched Safe Routes to School Boston in 2015, and Ellis Elementary has been participating in the program since its inception. Students receive annual bicycle and pedestrian safety education and participate in multiple Walk to School Days each year. More than one-third of Ellis Elementary students already walk or bike to school and nearly 60 percent of students live within walking distance of the school. Safe Routes to School Boston, a citywide effort to make walking or biking to school safe, convenient and fun. Safe Routes to Schools Boston is funded in part by the Bloomberg Philanthropies Partnership for Healthy Cities, a global network of cities committed to saving lives by preventing noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) and injuries.Mayor Walsh also announced this year's Boston Public School's largest-ever budget, and announced Boston's investment in free M7 bus passes for public, private and charter school students throughout Boston.More information on this program is available at:https://www.bostonpublicschools.org/saferoutes.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 665 Beech Street in Roslindale, MA 02131.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 9, 2019.
The workshops welcome artists of all skill levels to create their own greenspace-inspired masterpieces with instruction and materials provided. Juleen Jones returns as this summers featured instructor. Ms. Jones has a BFA in Fine Art from Montserrat College of Art, as well as a custom painting business called The Artist Touch where she transforms rooms with faux and specialty painting, murals, hand painted furniture, refinishing, and more.The series of free workshops is just one of the many offerings of the annual ParkARTS program sponsored by Holly Bruce.All classes are held from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m. (noon), weather permitting. Dates and locations for the workshops are as follows:Jamaica Pond Boathouse, 507 Jamaicaway, Jamaica PlainAllendale Woods, 75 VFW Parkway, West RoxburyChristopher Columbus Park, 110 Atlantic Avenue, North End (meet at Rose Garden)Savin Hill Park, 25 Caspian Way, DorchesterChandler Pond, 95 Lake Shore Road, BrightonFor further information on the workshops and other ParkARTS programs, please call 617-635-4505, visit the ParkARTS website, or check out the Parks Facebook page.
The Aids Walk and 5K Run, the Dorchester Day Parade and other special events taking place between Saturday, June 1,and Monday, June 3, will impact traffic and parking in Boston. People coming into the City to attend are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Saturday, June 1Colins Joy 5K will begin at 8 AM at 866 East Broadway at the South Boston Catholic Academy in South Boston. An estimated 350 participants will proceed east on East Broadway, turn left onto Day Boulevard, run around the outer walkway of Castle Island, proceed to Head Island, run around Head Island Causeway, to Day Boulevard, left onto Lovers Lane, left onto Farragut Road, right onto East Broadway. Brief traffic delays should be anticipated.The Darlene Tiffany Moore and Jermaine Goffigan Community Peace Celebration will take place from 12 PM to 5 PM on Martin Luther King Boulevard in Roxbury. Martin Luther King Boulevard, between Walnut Avenue and Washington Street, will be closed to vehicles from 12 PM to 5 PM for this event.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 11 AM to 5 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Good Shepard School Street Fair will take place from 11 AM to 6 PM on Soley Street in Charlestown. Soley Street, between Monument Square and Warren Street, will be closed to vehicles from 11 AM to 6 PM for this event.Sunday, June 2Aids Walk Boston/5K Run will begin at 10 AM on the DCR Memorial Hatch Shell on the Esplanade. Up to 7,000 participants are expected to walk from the Hatch Shell, crossing over Storrow Drive to Arlington Street, right onto Commonwealth Avenue, under Massachusetts Avenue, through Kenmore Square, right over the BU Bridge, into the City of Cambridge, returning to the City of Boston via the Massachusetts Avenue Bridge, entering DCR Esplanade pathways, ending at the Hatch Shell. Traffic delays along the route should be anticipated through approximately 12:30 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 5 AM to 1 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Dorchester Day ParadeThe Dorchester Day Parade will take place from 1 PM until approximately 4 PM on Dorchester Avenue, between Adams Street in Lower Mills to Columbia Road. The parade route will be closed to traffic for the duration of the event.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows:Dorchester Avenue, both sides, Pierce Square (Adams Street, Washington Street, DorchesterAvenue) to Columbia RoadAdams Street, both sides, Pierce Square (Adams Street, Washington Street, Dorchester Avenue)south to the Milton LineRichmond Street, both sides, Washington Street to Adams StreetButler Street, both sides, Adams Street to Richmond StreetWashington Street, both sides, from Gallivan Boulevard to Morton Street / Richmond StreetD.E.E.P. 5 K Road RaceThe Project D.E.E.P. 5 K Road Race will begin at 12 PM at the Blarney Stone at #1509 Dorchester Avenue. An estimated 300 runners will proceed on Dorchester Avenue outbound to Lower Mills, turn around just before Mother Julia Road in Lower Mills, and return to the Blarney Stone. Traffic will be delayed at intersections as the runners pass through.Corrib Classic 5K Road RaceThe Corrib Classic 5K Road Race will begin at 12 PM at Billings Field, at the intersection of Lagrange and Centre Streets in West Roxbury. An estimated 2,300 runners will proceed from Lagrange Street, right onto West Roxbury Parkway, right onto Corey Street, left onto Weld Street, right onto Maple Street, right onto Centre Street, left onto Bellevue Street, right onto Howitt Street, right onto Lagrange Street, back to Billings Fields. Streets along the route will be closed to traffic from approximately 11:30 AM to 12:30 PM.Monday, June 3The Ancient and Honorable Artillery Company of Massachusetts Parade will begin at 12:30 PM on North Street at Faneuil Hall. An estimated 300 marchers will proceed from North Street, left onto Congress Street, right onto State Street, straight onto Court Street, left onto Tremont Street, right onto Boylston Street, to Charles Street and enter the Boston Common for a ceremony scheduled at 1:30 PM. At 2:30 PM, the marchers will continue from the Boston Common to Charles Street, to Park Plaza, to Columbus Avenue, to Saint James Avenue, and arrive at Copley Square by 3 PM. Traffic delays should be anticipated as the parade proceeds along the route.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structureat 115 Leyden Street inEast Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 5, 2019.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch of the Fund for the Boston Public Library, a new philanthropic endeavor created to support, sustain, and strengthen the Boston Public Library system across all 26 branches. At the event, Mayor Walsh announced a founding investment of investment of $2.8 million to build the Fund, generously provided by the Bank of America Charitable Foundation, Barr Foundation, The Boston Foundation, Liberty Mutual Foundation, State Street Foundation, Inc. and more."Carved in stone on the Library's faade, it says that the Boston Public Library was built by the people of Boston to improve the public good through knowledge and education," said Mayor Walsh. "The Fund for the Boston Public Library will generate the resources needed to ensure that the entire library system operates at the highest level possible, meets the needs of every person and community in Boston, and remains free to all."Mayor Walsh also announced that Jeff Hawkins,Deputy Managing Partner of Bain Capital Credit and recently appointed as one of the newest Trustees of the Library, willserve as chair of the Fund's newly formed board of directors and that Mary Flynn Myers, with 35 years of development experience in Greater Boston, including at the University of Massachusetts Medical School, Brigham and Women's Hospital, and the Campaign for Catholic Schools, will serve as the Fund's executive director. In that capacity, Myers will also serve as a member of Library President David Leonard's leadership team."With the great fortune of having one of the leading public libraries in the country also comes a great responsibility," said Ronald P. O'Hanley, president & CEO of State Street and co-chair of the upcoming inaugural gala event for the Fund. "It is imperative that both the public and private sectors provide the resources needed to continue - and improve - the important educational, civic, and cultural services the Boston Public Library makes available to the people of Boston and the Commonwealth. The Fund for the Boston Public Library builds on the tradition established at the very founding of the Boston Public Library and creates the opportunity for all of us - the private sector, corporate and foundation support, and individuals alike - to contribute to the Boston Public Library's mission."The City of Boston provides significant resources to the Library - including a $127 million investment from Mayor Walsh'sFY20-24 Capital Planwhich includes funding for the construction of a new Adams Street Branch of the Boston Public Library, the renovation of the Roslindale branch, and programming studies for the West End and Codman Square branches. It also includes funding for the completion of the renovation of the Dudley branch and the programming study for a new Fields Corner branch, and a renovation project at the Central Library to enhance preservation of historic special collections of rare books and manuscripts.Mayor Walsh noted that additional resources are needed to operate the Library at the highest level possible to benefit the public. To raise the needed resources, Mayor Walsh and the Boston Public Library's Board of Trustees have charged the Fund with focusing on four strategic areas:"As we look to bridge the equity gaps and digital divides that challenge our city, the Boston Public Library system - from its majestic McKim and dynamic Johnson buildings to its 25 branches throughout Boston - serves as an important part of our civic infrastructure, increasing equity in each community as it provides high-quality educational, social, and cultural enrichment for free to the public," said Jeff Hawkins, the new Chair of the Fund, "The Fund will sustain and preserve for future generations the Library's role as one of Boston's major cultural and educational institutions."An inaugural fundraising gala event co-hosted by the Fund and the Norman B. Leventhal Map & Education Center will be held at the Library on June 7. At the gala, Mayor Walsh will receive the Bates Medal for his work and accomplishments in improving the public education of Boston's schoolchildren and making Boston a more equitable city.The Fund for the Boston Public Library serves as a successor to the Boston Library Foundation, which provided strategic and effective investments in the Library's major efforts that significantly improved the Library's ability to utilize its spaces, develop programing, and care for its special collections.
Building on his commitment to end homelessness in the City of Boston, Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Department of Neighborhood Development today announced that since the inception of theBoston's Way Homeplan to end chronic and veteran homelessness, the City of Boston has housed more than 1,000 homeless veterans. Over the past five years, the City has transformed its system so that every homeless veteran in Boston has access to shelter and a path to permanent housing. The City provides immediate shelter to any veteran sleeping on the street who wants it. As a result, Boston has the lowest rate of unsheltered homelessness of any major U.S. city, as well as one of the lowest rates of unsheltered veteran homelessness nationally."Our goal is to ensure that everyone in Boston has a place to call home," said Mayor Walsh. "We are proud of the work our teams have done in ending homelessness among chronically homeless veterans, but there is still work to be done. This milestone shows our continued dedication to housing all veterans in the City who are in need."In 2016, the City was certified as having ended chronic homelessness among veterans.People who are chronically homeless have experienced homelessness for at least a year - or repeatedly - while struggling with a condition such as a serious mental illness, substance use disorder, or physical disability.The City is continuing to work towards ending all veteran homelessness in the City of Boston."Housing over 1,000 veterans is a huge accomplishment," said Boston's Commissioner of Veterans Services, Robert Santiago. "This milestone shows that the Mayor's commitment to end homelessness among veterans continues to be a top priority. We strive to ensure all veterans experiencing homelessness in Boston have a path to permanent housing. Our office works to ensure veterans in the City of Boston are always supported -- whether that's mental health services, job opportunities, or vital housing supports."The Boston's Way Home plan has resulted in a complete redesign of the way Boston offers services to homeless individuals. As part of Boston's plan, the City is committed to a "Housing First" approach to homelessness. This approach is founded on the idea that everyone should have access to permanent housing without conditions such as sobriety, treatment, or participation in services. In this model, an individual's entrance into the shelter system is also their entrance to a path toward permanent, stable housing."The New England Center and Home for Veterans is honored to be part of the Boston Homes for the Brave Team," said Andrew McCawley, President and CEO of The New England Center and Home for Veterans. "Mayor Walsh's leadership and the City's close coordination of all the contributing organizations have made a real difference in the lives of veterans here in Boston. Over 1,000 veterans housed is a very impressive number, but what is most meaningful is the independence and dignity that this work returns to veterans."Veterans experiencing homelessness are on average 52 years old, and the majority are male. Many of these veterans served during the Vietnam War era, followed by Desert Storm and Operation Iraqi Freedom. The City serves veterans whose first year of service goes back to 1948, but have also seen veterans who have served as recently as 2013.Veterans experiencing homelessness are housed through the work of the Department of Neighborhood Development working with a number of different City agencies, partner agencies and nonprofits. These agencies work together to identify every homeless veteran by name, and work one-on-one with the veterans to help them find housing resources in the Greater Boston area. Once housed, the organizations follow up with the veterans to ensure that they are able to remain in their units safely and securely.Housing opportunities for veterans are made available from a number of different places, including through the Coordinated Access System, the City's automated method of connecting Continuum of Care resources, available to the veterans with the greatest need. These can take the form of mobile vouchers or opportunities to move into existing affordable units. Other veterans receive U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development-VA Supportive Housing (HUD-VASH) vouchers from the VA and the Boston Housing Authority which allow them to find their own apartments around Greater Boston. There are also some HUD-VASH programs that have existing units where resources are available to provide long term rental assistance and stabilization services. Veterans Welcome Home is another long term stabilization program that the City funds to provide both housing search and support services to the vets in greatest need. Many veterans also receive assistance from Supportive Services for Veterans Families (SSVF). SSVF assists veterans in shelters around the city with many services, including housing search, and provides them with short term rental assistance when they move into their new units.Creating new permanent supportive housing is an important component of the City's plan to end chronic homelessness, in that it combines subsidized rental housing with individualized support services so that people with complex health issues can receive the assistance they need to stay housed. The services are designed to build independent living skills and to connect people with services such as community-based health care, help with mental health issues, substance use counseling, and employment services.To aid in the effort to end homelessness in Boston, in 2018, Mayor Walsh announced the launch ofBoston's Way Home Fund,which has a goal of raising more than $10 million over a four year period to create 200 new units of supportive, sustainable, long-term housing for chronically homeless men and women. After one year, the fund has raised more than $6 million to support this effort.
Building on his commitment to build more affordable housing and end chronic homeslessness in the City of Boston, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Cardinal Sen Patrick O'Malley, Governor Charlie Baker, President of the Planning Office for Urban Affairs of the Archdiocese Lisa Alberghini, President and CEO of St. Francis House Karen LaFrazia, and residents to celebrate the ribbon cutting for The Union, a historic redevelopment in downtown Boston that creates 46 units of affordable supportive housing."The Union represents our belief that every single person in our City deserves compassion, support, and a safe place to call home," said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. "This project couldn't have been possible without the compassionate leadership of The St. Francis House and The Planning Office for Urban Affairs of the Archdiocese, as well as the City and State."Since 2016, there has been a 36 percent reduction in veteran homelessness. During that time there has been a 20 percent reduction in the chronically homelessness population and more than 770 chronically homeless individuals have been housed.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 64 Langley Road in Brighton, MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 5, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the structures at 521 E. 8th Street in South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 3, 2019.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined community members along with city, state, and federal officials for a ribbon cutting event celebrating the completion of Connect Historic Boston. The project was a joint collaboration between the City of Boston and the National Parks Service to create a pedestrian and bicycle network connecting historic sites in Boston."The Connect Historic Boston Project demonstrates how the City of Boston is making upgrades to our infrastructure for the 21stcentury, while still preserving the history and spirit of our neighborhoods," said Mayor Walsh. "This project helps modernize the way we travel around the City and enhance the health and quality of life - all while connecting our past, present, and future. We're excited to use this project as a model for how we can make these upgrades all across our neighborhoods."The City was awarded in 2013 a $15.5 million Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER) grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation for the design and construction of Connect Historic Boston. The project covered four volumes of construction work on Joy Street in Beacon Hill, Constitution Road in Charlestown, the Blackstone Block in Downtown, and the installation of a new, 2.5 mile family friendly bike trail."The Friends of the Charlestown Navy Yard applaud Connect Historic Boston's efforts to better connect some of the City's most treasured historic sites," said Michael Parker, chair of Friends of the Charlestown Navy Yard. "The improvements along the Freedom Trail and Constitution Road provide a more open and pleasant experience and promote the safe coexistence of pedestrians, cyclists and vehicles."In addition to the bike infrastructure created as part of the Connect Historic Boston project, the plannedRutherford Avenue/Sullivan Square road projectwill build bike lanes that will connect to the regional network, improve pedestrian and bike connections and safety between Charlestown and local MBTA stations, protect the neighborhood from cut-through traffic, and create open space. Furthermore, when completed, theNorthern Avenue Bridge projectwill offer bike lanes providing a direct link from Rutherford Avenue to the Connect Historic Boston bike network.Connect Historic Boston works toward the City'sGo Boston 2030goals to build a safe, reliable and equitable transportation network, and encourage more trips by other forms of active transportation that will reduce traffic congestion and emissions from motor vehicles. More than half of the 57 projects and policies detailed in the Action Plan are already on pace to be completed by 2030 or are in the design pipeline.The Boston Transportation and Public Works Departments have aligned their operating budgets and capital plans to accomplish the initiatives identified in the Go Boston 2030 plan which encourages travel by transit, bike and on foot. Mayor Walsh'sFY20 budget proposalincludes a total of $10.6 million for spending on bike infrastructure, including more than $1 million in new funding going towards accelerating the design and construction of major bike corridors.The City'sFY20-24 $2.78 billion Capital Plandedicates $1.15 billion to implement the core initiatives outlined in the Go Boston 2030 plan. Specific bike projects that will be advanced include the Southwest Corridor Extension, an on-street bike connection between the Southwest Corridor Path, Downtown and Beacon Hill and Massachusetts Avenue between Columbia Road and Harrison Avenue.About the Public Works DepartmentThe Boston Public Works Department (PWD) provides core services essential to neighborhood quality of life. We direct general construction, maintenance, and cleaning of approximately 802 miles of roadways throughout the City. PWD operates two major drawbridges, maintain 68,055 street lights, and supervise contracts for the removal and disposal of approximately 190.000 tons of solid waste. We also operate Boston's recycling program with an annual diversion of approximately 45,000 tons. Follow them on Twitter @BostonPWD.
The Run to Remember, Massachusetts Fallen Heroes Ceremony, Country 102.5 Street Party, and other special events taking place between Friday, May 24, and Sunday, May 26, will impact traffic and parking in Boston. People coming into the City to attend are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Friday, May 24The Massachusetts Fallen Heroes Ceremony will require the closing of Northern Avenue, from Fan Pier Boulevard to Pier Four Boulevard, from 8:00 AM to 3:00 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Thursday and Friday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Boston Architectural College Commencement Processional will take place from 12:15 PM until approximately 1:00 PM. Participants will march on sidewalks from #320 Newbury Street, turn right onto Clarendon Street, left onto Stuart Street, and left onto Berkeley Street.Friday, May 24, through Sunday, May 26The Boston Calling Music Festival will take place at the Harvard Athletic Complex. Allston, in the area of North Harvard Street, Western Avenue and Soldiers Field Road, is expected to experience traffic congestion throughout the weekend. Specific road closures are expected as follows from approximately 10:00 PM-12:00AM, nightly, May 24-26.Saturday, May 25The Country 102.5 Street Party will require the closing of Lansdowne Street, from Brookline Avenue to Ipswich Street, from approximately 6:00 AM to 11:00 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Sunday, May 26The Run to Remember Road Race will require the closing of streets along the route from approximately 7:00 AM to 11:00 AM. An estimated 10,000 runners will begin at 7 AM on Seaport Boulevard at the World Trade Center. They will proceed from Seaport Boulevard, right onto Atlantic Avenue, left onto State Street, right onto Congress Street, left onto New Chardon Street, right onto Cambridge Street, over the Longfellow Bridge, leaving the City of Boston into the City of Cambridge, returning to the City of Boston, via the Longfellow Bridge, right onto Charles Street, right onto Beacon Street, left onto Arlington Street, right onto Commonwealth Avenue Outbound, left onto Berkeley Street, left onto Commonwealth Avenue Inbound, right onto Arlington Street, left onto Boylston Street, left onto Washington Street, right onto State Street, right onto Congress Street, left onto Atlantic Avenue, right onto Seaport Boulevard.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 6 AM to 12 Noon parking restrictions will be in effect at the following locations.Saturday, May 25, and Sunday, May 26Work taking place in the Financial District will require Water Street, between Congress Street and Broad Street, and Kilby Street, between Milk Street and State Street, to be closed to traffic 24 hours.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday and Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Monday, May 27The Memorial Day Parade will begin at 10:00 AM at the McKeon Post, 4 Hilltop Street in Dorchester. An estimated 250 marchers will proceed from the McKeon Post, right onto St. Brendans Road, left onto Milton Street, right onto Granite Avenue, left onto Gallivan Boulevard, left onto Adams Street, to Cedar Grove Cemetery, returning from Milton Street, right onto Gallivan Boulevard, left onto Pope John Paul II Extension, to the McKeon Post. Traffic delays should be expected.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined members of Boston EMS and Massport for a ribbon cutting ceremony to officially open the newly renovated Boston EMS Station at Logan International Airport.Building on his commitment to improving emergency response times citywide, last year Mayor Walsh announced a second ambulance would be dedicated to East Boston, bringing additional capacity to serve the neighborhood's residents."This second ambulance will bring major benefits," said Mayor Walsh. "It will help EMTs move more quickly and efficiently throughout East Boston, increasing capacity if there is an emergency happening at Logan Airport. It will reduce response times for our residents who need immediate medical care, saving even more lives."Under Mayor Walsh, citywide response times for Priority 1 calls were 6.3 minutes in 2018, down from 6.4 minutes in 2017.Boston EMS responds to more than 125,000 calls all across the city each year, 7,700 of those incidents are in East Boston."Boston EMS is a national leader in emergency medical services. And this opportunity to add additional resources to serve residents and visitors to the city of Boston with this new facility is an important one," said EMS Chief James Hooley. "We are happy to be here in East Boston today with Mayor Walsh and Massport."Mayor Walsh, EMS and Massport collaborated on the expansion of the station at Logan to give EMS a permanent home which can serve not only the airport but the entire East Boston neighborhood."At Logan Airport, we work collaboratively with Boston EMS, and when the City wanted to add a second ambulance to service East Boston, it only made sense that we upgrade and expand the existing facility," said Massport Acting CEO John Pranckevicius. "It is part of Massport's mission to be a good neighbor to our surrounding communities. This new facility will provide dividends to the growing East Boston neighborhood and to Logan Airport for many years ahead."Mayor Walsh's FY20 budget includes additional resources to promote diversity in recruitment classes for the EMT City Academy program as well as resources for another Community Assistance Team, also known as Squad 80. Squad 80 is a two-person team that travels in an SUV and answers calls where patients have a low frequency of being transported to the emergency room. Squad 80 frees up city ambulances, making more ambulances available for priority calls that need to get patients to the hospital. It also connects people to our recovery or homeless services and other city programs.The FY20-24 Capital Plan allocates an additional $375,000 for design and construction of a new EMS garage with staff amenities in the Seaport district. Both investments will allow the City's services to transform and expand as the City's population does the same.Today's ribbon cutting falls in the middle of the 45th Annual National EMS week, a week designed to honor and celebrate the men & women who provide day-to-day lifesaving services.About Boston EMSBoston EMS is the primary provider of emergency medical services for the City of Boston and is a nationally recognized leader in the field of pre-hospital emergency medicine. The department leverages the latest advances in both medicine and technology to bring high-quality, compassionate care to the people of Boston. Boston EMS also plays a key role in the City's emergency preparedness efforts and provides community programming designed to educate the public about important health and safety topics.
This spring, the Mario Umana Academycelebrated My Way Cafe in the school by having the cafeteria open during an open house event. Alden Cadwell, Deputy Director of My Way Cafe at Food and Nutrition Services, said, We thought it was important to open up the cafeteria to our parents and families so they could see and taste what the students of the Umana get to eat every day. We are so happy that it was such a success and that so many families chose to dine with us!The freshly prepared food wafted into the school from the moment families and students entered the building. On the menu that night was BBQ chicken drumsticks, brown rice, black beans, baked plantains, and a full fresh fruit and salad bar to choose from. The My Way Cafe has been in the Umana cafeteria since the start of the 2018-2019 school year and this has added more choice for students in their meals and a fresh fruit and salad bar full of vegetables, like cucumbers and bell peppers, as well as cheese and orange slices.Two students in the sixth grade expressed that although it was a little strange to be in the school cafeteria at first with their parents, in the end they were glad to show their families what they eat everyday and ended up having a great time sharing a meal in a place so important to students and families. This type of event will hopefully spread to other schools year-after-year as the goal of BosFoodLove is to generate excitement about fresh, healthy school meals so that students want to eat those meals every day and families can rely on those meals everyday in Boston Public Schools.
City of Boston's Department of Youth Engagement & Employment sends out monthly newsletters that include civic engagement, career development, and employment opportunity for teens!There are three different newsletters you can sign up for:To select and sign up for which newslettersyou would like to receive, click the button below.Sign Up for the newsletters!
Building on his commitment to strengthen public safety in Boston, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Boston Police Commissioner William G. Gross, city officials, community organizations and clergy members to discuss plans and initiatives the City of Boston will implement in an effort to reduce violence throughout the summer months. Mayor Walsh today also announced Tracy Litthcut and Rufus J.Faulkas co-directors of theMayor's Office of Public Safety, which studies, develops, and puts in place violence intervention and prevention programs and policies."Our focus through our summer strategy is to ensure our residents feel safe in their community each and every day," said Mayor Walsh. "With our partners in the community, and throughout our neighborhoods, we're working hard to prevent crime in Boston by providing positive opportunities for people, and a path away from violence. Together with our community partners, we'll continue to use every tool we have to make sure all residents are safe and supported through our prevention, intervention, and response work." Under the leadership of Mayor Walsh and Commissioner Gross, the Boston Police Department continues to build on a strong foundation of community policing, prioritizing relationships with youth and the community as the key to solidifying trust and building relationships in Boston's neighborhoods. BPD's work starts with positive interactions in Boston's communities and in school classrooms, and includes proactive prevention and diversion for at-risk youth and their families, providing pathways away from violence for those who are ready to make a change.Overall crime is down in Boston by nine percent and total violent crime is down 12 percent, with property crime down eight percent, and non-fatal shootings down five percent. Year-do-date,292guns have been recovered from Boston's streets, which does not include fake guns or replicas."We work very closely with our city and community partners to prevent violence and provide opportunities for those in need," said Commissioner Gross. "While this is a year round effort, we are especially focused on the summer months. We will be running programs and activities for youth and children in every district, and connecting at-risk youth and families with resources and opportunities."The BPD has strong partnerships and collaborations with many agencies, non-profits, and community based programs, with more than 175 programs and services across seven city departments. Programs include:Boston's work is comprised of a multi-pronged approach:1.Prevention, as partners work to engage Boston's young people in positive activities and education.This includes Boston's Summer Youth Jobs Program, mentoring, after school programs, BCYF activities, and the BCYF streetworker program. Boston also supports the Safe and Successful Youth Initiative, which intervenes with teens likely to use firearms.2.Boston's public safety work also includes a strong focus onintervention, intervening with youth who are already involved in violence, or are at a high risk of being involved in violence.Boston's programs work directly with gang-involved youth. These include the BPHC Violence Intervention & Prevention Program, Peace Walks, National Night Out, Coffee with a Cop.3.Finally, Boston works torespondto trauma that has occurred, ending the cycle of violence by helping communities heal.Boston has dedicated Trauma Response Response Teams, six neighborhood-based teams and one citywide mobile team, in addition to a 24-hour trauma hotline."Our shared efforts continue to focus on preventing violence from happening in the community," said Chief of Health and Human Services Marty Martinez. "By engaging thousands of young people and their families year round and in the summer, the City works hard with our community partners to create opportunities for all youth to get on meaningful pathways to success."In addition to announcing Boston's summer safety strategy, Mayor Walsh today also announced Tracy Litthcut and RufusFaulkas co-directors of the Mayor's Office of Public Safety.The Mayor's Office of Public Safetystudies, develops, and puts in place violence intervention along with prevention programs and policies. The Office of Public Safety includes theOffice of Returning Citizens,which supports those who return to Boston after being released from state, federal, and county incarceration facilities each year, and works to help those who were previously incarcerated. The Office also includesMy Brother's Keeper,a national initiative that addresses persistent opportunity gaps faced by young men of color.Tracy Litthcut is the former Director of Youth Services and Deputy Director of Youth and Young Adult Development, and has over 25 years of executive level public and nonprofit management experience. He is a recognized national expert on juvenile justice and public safety policy, in addition to being a recipient of the Clinton Administration's Innovation in American Government Award and the Dr. Martin Luther King's Dreamer Award."I'm proud to be able to serve the residents of Boston, and use my national and local experience to help create safer lives for all our residents," said Litthcut.Rufus J.Faulk is the former director of victim services at the Massachusetts Department of Corrections, and was previously the program director at the Boston Ten Point Coalition, responsible for development and initiating of the Boston TenPoint Coalition's youth violence reduction plan, targeting some of Boston's most proven at risk adolescents and young adults. Faulk has over ten years of experience leading services for vulnerable populations, and will receive his doctorate in Law and Policy from Northeastern University this summer."I look forward to joining Mayor Walsh,Tracy Litthcut and Boston's public safety agencies as we work to provide more opportunities to Boston's young people, and end the cycle of violence and trauma," said Faulk. "I'm grateful for the opportunity to share my experience here in Boston, and work with all our partners to ensure a safe city for all."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 14-16 Alberta Street in West Roxbury, MA 02132.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on May 26, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish aresidential structure at 631 Saratoga Street in East Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on May 26, 2019.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced an additional 50 stations and 540 bikes will be added this year to Bluebikes, expanding the City's bike share infrastructure. Boston's Bluebikes expansion will take the total of bikes in the city to 2,400 and stations to 230 by the end of 2019, marking the highest number of publicly available bikes and stations in Boston's history. An additional $1 million of capital funding from the Mayor's proposed FY20 budget will bring bike share to parts of Boston for the first time with stations being added in Dorchester, Roslindale and West Roxbury. Tomorrow, Boston will celebrateNational Bike to Work Daywith an event at City Hall Plaza, which will mark the beginning of Boston's 2019 Bike Program Series, a full calendar of programming that spans from May to October."I am excited to be expanding our Bluebikes program to allow for even more of our residents and visitors to take advantage of our bike infrastructure, which we're continuing to prioritize by building new protected bike lanes throughout Downtown and our neighborhoods," said Mayor Walsh. "With our continued investments and the support of Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts, we will be able to continue to build out our Bluebikes network and provide more people with convenient access to bikes."Feedback from residents and community organizations has informed the locations of the stations. New stations this year will be installed near community health centers, with financial support from Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts. City investments have brought bike share to new neighborhoods as well as added necessary capacity in job centers, commercial corridors, and high-density residential neighborhoods. For the newly-announced expansion areas in southern Dorchester, east Roslindale, and West Roxbury, the Boston Transportation Department will be hosting the following public meetings:BTD is also meeting with neighborhood associations in the expansion areas of Dorchester and Roslindale. Information about the full planning process and proposed stations can be found atboston.gov/bike-share-expansion.Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts, through its Bluebikes title sponsorship, has supported the massive expansion of the public bike share program in Boston, Brookline, Cambridge, and Somerville. This year, as the health plan enters the second year of its six-year partnership, BCBSMA is making additional investment in Boston to ensure bike share access at Community Health Centers."We're proud to be contributing to bike share access expansion throughout Metro Boston, especially in communities where there is high demand for new transportation options," said Andrew Dreyfus, President and CEO of Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts. "We're especially thankful to be working with the City of Boston to identify opportunities to provide access to and from vital community health centers in pursuit of our shared goal to help residents lead healthier lives."Mayor Walsh'sFY20 budget proposalincludes a total of $10.6 million for spending on bike infrastructure, including more than $1 million in new funding going towards accelerating the design and construction of major bike corridors. The City'sFY20-24 $2.78 billion Capital Plandedicates $1.15 billion to implement the core initiatives outlined in Go Boston 2030, the City's transportation plan. Specific bike projects that will be advanced include the Southwest Corridor Extension, an on-street bike connection between the Southwest Corridor Path, Downtown and Beacon Hill and Massachusetts Avenue between Columbia Road and Harrison Avenue.Prior investments have advanced multiple bike lane projects that are now completed, under construction, or in design, including the South Bay Harbor Trail, Summer Street in Fort Point, Brookline Avenue in the Longwood Medical Center, and parts of Cambridge Street in Allston.For more information on Boston's bike programs, please visitboston.gov/departments/boston-bikes. Bluebikes monthly, daily, and single trip passes, are available atbluebikes.comAbout BluebikesBluebikes is public transportation by bike. Owned and jointly governed by the municipalities of Boston, Brookline, Cambridge, Everett, and Somerville, Bluebikes is a fast, fun, and affordable transportation option. Today, users can ride any of the 2,550 bikes to and from the 258 stations across the region. By the end of 2019, the municipalities will provide 3,300 bikes and 325 stations for their residents, workers, and visitors. Since launching in 2011, 8.5 million trips have been taken on bike share, including more than 1.7 million trips in 2018.
The Haitian-American Unity Parade, Harpoon Brewery Road Race, Boston University Commencement and other special events taking place between Thursday, May 16, and Sunday, May 19, will impact traffic and parking in Boston. People coming into the City to attend are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Saturday, May 18The Youth Pride Rally will begin will begin at City Hall Plaza at 11 AM with the Youth Pride March beginning at Noon. An estimated 1,000 participants will march from City Hall Plaza, to Cambridge Street, proceed onto Tremont Street, right onto Boylston Street, right onto Charles Street, right onto Beacon Street, left onto Bowdoin Street, right onto Cambridge Street, back to City Hall Plaza. Traffic will be detoured around the parade route until the conclusion of the parade at approximately 1 PM.Sunday, May 19The Haitian-American Unity Parade will begin at 1 PM in Mattapan Square. The route to be taken is Blue Hill Avenue from Babson Street, right onto Westview Street, entering Harambee Park, with floats continuing on Blue Hill Avenue to Talbot Avenue. Up to 7,000 people are anticipated to participate in the event.Blue Hill Avenue will be closed to traffic between River Street and Talbot Avenue from Noon to 4 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Harpoon Brewery 5 Miler Road Race will begin at 10 AM in the Seaport District and is expected to conclude at 11:15 AM. The route to be taken is FID Kennedy, Tide Street, left onto Drydock Avenue, right onto Black Falcon Avenue, right onto Design Center Way, left onto Dry Dock Avenue, left onto Summer Street, left onto East First Street, right onto Farragut Road, left onto East Broadway Extension, left onto Day Boulevard, left onto Shore Road, right onto East First Street, right onto Summer Street, right onto Dry Dock Avenue, right onto Black Falcon Avenue, left onto Dry Dock Avenue, right onto Tide Street. An estimated 4,500 runners are expected to participate in the event. Traffic will be delayed as runners make their way toward the finish line.The Saint James Marion Procession will begin at 11:30 AM at 125 Harrison Avenue in Chinatown and is expected to conclude at 12:45 PM. The route to be taken is Harrison Avenue, left onto Kneeland Street, left onto Surface Road, left onto Beach Street, left onto Harrison Avenue and ending at the church. An estimated 250 people are expected to participate in the procession.Work taking place in the Financial District will require Water Street, between Congress Street and Broad Street, and Kilby Street, between Milk Street and State Street, to be closed to traffic 24 hours.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Thursday, May 16, through Sunday, May 19Due to Boston University Commencement activities, the following parking restrictions will be in effect.Tow zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Thursday-SundayTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event FridaySundayTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Thursday & FridayTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event SaturdayTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Shanice Pimentel as the Back Bay, Beacon Hill, Fenway, Mission Hill Neighborhood Liaison within the Mayors Civic Engagement Cabinet.I am excited to announce Shanice as our new liaison to the Back Bay, Beacon Hill, Mission Hill and Fenway neighborhoods, said Mayor Walsh. Each of those neighborhoods is rich in activism and history, and I know Shanice will be an effective advocate for them.The Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services (ONS) encourages, facilitates and maximizes citizen input and participation through service requests, neighborhood meetings, mailings and emergency responses. To report non-emergency issues to the City, residents are encouraged to connect with BOS:311 by dialing 3-1-1 or by downloading the free BOS:311 app on iOS or Android platforms. Thank you to Mayor Walsh for this opportunity to serve these four dynamic neighborhoods, said Shanice Pimentel. I am very excited to continue the Mayors goal of providing excellent services to every constituent and also helping them access government services and helping those neighborhoods thrive.Capital investments by Mayor Walsh include $4 million for Beacon Hill parks and open space, $34 million for transportation improvements in the Back Bay, $2.68 million in upgrades to the Mission Hill playground, and the current construction of the new Boston Arts Academy in Fenway, which totals over $124 million. For all of the Citys capital budget investments, please visit our neighborhoods pageand click on the individual neighborhood.Born and raised in Boston, Shanice attended Roxbury Prep Charter School and Phillips Academy in Andover. She will be receiving her Bachelors Degree in Interdepartmental Science with a concentration in Biology from the University of Massachusetts Amherst.In her spare time, Shanice enjoys supporting local cultural and artist events. She is also passionate about the development of urban agriculture and volunteers with local urban farms.
In February 2016, Mayor Walsh signed City Ordinance 2016 Chapter 13 which established language and communications access in the City of Boston. This ordinance strengthens the Mayors vision to make Boston a more inclusive and equitable city. It ensures that people who use languages other than English (LOTE) and people with disabilities have meaningful access to City information and services.The ordinance is an advancement of an executive order from 2008. This order created the baseline practice of providing interpretation services for residents appearing before boards or commissions. Mayor Walshs ordinance extends this practice to include interpretation, translation, and assistive technology support for all City services and programs. Furthermore, the City strives to provide interpretation and translation requests in any language. These services are provided at no charge to the constituent.The ordinance also helped create the Office of Language and Communications Access (LCA). Our office works to build the capacity of all 48+ City departments around language and communications access. Our four main areas of responsibility are:So how can we help you? We are happy to answer your questions and assist in anyway we can. Whether you are a community member, organization, or city employee, we look forward to working together to make our city a welcoming place for all.The Office of Language and Communication Access works to strengthen the City of Boston so that services, programs and activities are meaningfully accessible to all constituents. To learn more, visit the Language and Communications Access website.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that applications for the 2019-2020 SPARK Boston Council are nowavailableonline. TheSPARK Boston Council is Mayor's Walsh's 20-35year old leadership and civic engagement council, charged with leading the City's efforts to engage Boston's young adult population. This is the first year that the age range for the Council will expand eligibility to include 35 year olds, in order to capture a wider range of experiences and opinions."The City of Boston has many opportunities through a number of diverse industries, making us an attractive home for young people from every neighborhood," said Mayor Walsh. "The SPARK Boston Council does incredible work to help build community for all Bostonians and connect them with our local government." Under the direction of the SPARK Boston Director, the 2019-2020 Council will spend the year leading programming and advising Boston's leaders to help our city grow as an inviting, connected, culturally rich and sustainable place for young adults. Past projects have included programming and projects on childcare access and affordability, immigrant advancement, economic development, equal pay, voter engagement, and neighborhood engagement. Throughout the SPARK Boston Council term, members hear from key members of the Mayor's staff, leaders within City Hall, and community organizations ranging from regional research to civic innovation."Each year, the SPARK Boston Council helps our City and community identify priorities and values of our emerging leaders and generation - their clear eyes and energy help envision how we can improve in service delivery, increasing equity, and communication," said Amy Mahler, Director of SPARK Boston. "Whether convening conversations about immigration or conferences on childcare accessibility, our Council seizes the opportunity to access City leaders and help educate and advocate for their peers. We expanded the council to include 35 year olds to help capture the experience of young adults who are more settled as residents and professionals, beginning their civic journey."Applicants can learn more about the Council and application process duringan Instagram Live on the@SparkBosInstagram page on Monday, May 20 where applicants can ask questions about the application and selection process. Applicants can also reach out with questions tosparkboston@boston.gov. Applications close on Monday, June 16 at 11:59 PM, after which a selection committee will review the applications and determine which candidates will partake in the group interviews. Once the group interviews conclude, the selection committee helps the Director select the final 2019-2020 SPARK Boston Council.The 2018-2019 SPARK Boston Council is comprised of 40 Boston residents, who live in 17 different neighborhoods across Boston. This group includes architects, entrepreneurs, teachers, undergraduate and graduate students, community organizers, restaurant professionals, lawyers, and representatives from other industries across the public and private sectors. Over a fourth of the Council are native Bostonians, while others grew up as far outside of Boston as El Salvador, Florida, France, Georgia, Mississippi, India and beyond.Last year, the SPARK Boston program received 165 applications for the Council, showing a robust interest for involvement and engagement. Projects for this Council cohort have included voter registration pop-ups at local breweries, hosting Boston's Creative Economy Mingle for the Chamber of Commerce's FUNinBOS Festival, the Council's first hackathon in the Future of Childcare Challenge, an event partnership with Suffolk University centered on professional development, and the continuation of the Chief Chat series. Notable alum of SPARK Boston and ONEin3 include State Representative Liz Miranda, Boston School Committee Member Michael Loconto, Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics' Chief of Staff Jaclyn Youngblood, and others."SPARK, for me, is an opportunity to push yourself to grow and evolve in community with your cohort in a way that we may not force ourselves to do on the daily," said Sam Montao of the 2018-2019 SPARK Boston Council."As the Mayor's Census Liaison and a SPARK Council member, I have seen how civic engagement creates strong connections between young adults and our city," said Sebastiana Zapata of the 2018-2019 SPARK Boston Council. "My time on the council further empowered me to be a leader and granted opportunities to create bonds with tomorrow's leaders."Applicants must be Boston residents and between the ages of 20 to 35 to apply for the Council.Applications for the Council can be found onlineand the submission deadline is Monday,June 17, 2019.For more information on the SPARK Boston Program, please visit the Spark Boston website.Boston is home to a large and diverse 20-35 year population. SPARK Boston (formerly ONEin3) is a City of Boston initiative that aims to empower Generation Z and millennial generation to play a greater role in planning for the future of our city.
The free series gives children ages 7 to 14 the opportunity to test their pitching accuracy, swing in a batting cage, and practice base stealing. Food and entertainment including virtual reality, a replica Green Monster, and Red Sox mascots Wally and Tessie will provide participants with an unforgettable field day. Participants will also have the opportunity to win Red Sox tickets.The Fenway Challenge will be held from 10:30 a.m. to 12 p.m. (noon). The dates are:Sponsored by the Boston Red Sox and Highland Street Foundation. For more information, contact Cheryl Brown at 617-961-3085 or cheryl.brown@boston.gov. To register please go to the Fenway Challenge website.
With Memorial Day quickly approaching, the Digital Teams focus has been shifting more and more each day to summer. And after an April where it felt like the rain wouldnt stop, were excited to finally leave City Hall and feel a little warmth during the day. With the shifting in seasons, we wanted to highlight some of the great late spring and summer content being produced by departments across the City.What would a summer highlights blog post be without plugging our Summer in Boston guide page? In our guide, you can find popular parks and playgrounds, as well as maps of pools, tot sprays, and public restrooms in the City.As part of our update for summer 2019, we went through and added all of the Parks Departments ParkARTS events to the site. This program brings culture and the arts to Bostons parks throughout the summer. ParkARTS has a little something for everyone. For families, we have puppet shows, artist workshops for kids, and even movie nights. If you like music, there are plenty of concerts to enjoy under the stars. Check out the ParkARTS page to learn more.Aside from arts events, the Parks Department is also overflowing with sports and activities for kids and teens ages 6 - 18, including:They even run a six-week, full-day program starting in July that teaches kids the fundamentals of sports. For more information and a full list of events, you can check out the Parks sports and activities page. For the majority of these activities, youll have to sign up through the Parks online activity portal.The warm weather definitely opens up our transit options in Boston. If youve ever wanted to try to bike in the City, you should consider a Boston By Bike Ride tour. The Transportation Department hosts this series of neighborhood bike rides. Each ride starts and ends at a Bluebikes station,so people who dont have a bike can join in on the fun. If you register ahead of time, you can even get a free helmet and BlueBike.Speaking of bikes, dont forget about the Bike to Work Festival on May 17. On Bike to Work Day, you can join a commuter convoy as it rides through dozens of locations throughout the Boston metro area. These convoys are guided by experienced ride leaders and follow a fixed schedule and route. Everyone finishes together at City Hall Plaza, where youll get a free breakfast and coffee. Dont forget to register!Nothing says spring at the City of Boston like the release of the Mayors recommended budget for the upcoming fiscal year, when we're all thinking about new projects with a fresh focus. Weve been hosting the budget on Boston.gov for a couple of years now, but previous iterations of the site took a lot of work to create. We were relying on data flowing in from outside of Drupal to populate tables, and the process of updating and creating pages through Markdown and GitHub was more complicated than it needed to be.With one of our talented product managers spearheading the project, we fully integrated the FY20 Budget website into Drupal. Taking advantage of an open-sourced tool called Vega, we were able to create interactive, easy-to-build graphics for the numbers behind the budget. And thanks to some user research performed by a talented group from General Assembly, we made changes to our content and layout to make it easier for users to digest the information.Another positive benefit to this project was that, after some Drupal training, Budget Department staff were able to jump in and create and edit pages on their own. With fewer, more organized pages about budget facts, figures, and highlights, it made their efforts to provide this information in plain language even easier.Each year in May for Preservation Month, the Landmarks Commission promotes events that encourage public awareness and appreciation of the City's historic resources. To help in their efforts, we added more than 100 events to the City calendar for this years celebration. Theres still plenty to do for the month of May. Make sure you check out the Preservation Month page.The City of Boston has been making a huge effort to create an inclusive, positive work environment for City employees. As part of that ongoing effort, the City has established Employee Resource Groups to connect coworkers around shared interests. Thanks to the work of the Citys Diversity Office, we now have dedicated pages on Boston.gov where you can learn more about these groups.Spark Boston  a City program aimed at 20- to 34-year-olds living in Boston  is now on Boston.gov. Working with the program director, we were able to successfully migrate and move all of the content from a micro-site to our official City site. This might seem like a minor success, but its just another example of us inching closer to having all City content live on Boston.gov. Plus, were really excited to now be the home of such an important City initiative.
Superintendent Cassellius, who is originally from Minnesota, sent a Tweet earlier this week, thanking Boston for their warm welcome, tweeting: "Good morning! Its official. So honored to join the incredible team @BostonSchools and begin transitioning and learning from @LPerille (Laura Perille, Interim Superintendent) who has been outstanding and steadfast in her leadership. Thank you to the entire @CityOfBoston for the warm welcome."
Every year families from across the state and region walk together toward peace. Join members of the City Council this Sunday as they put faith on their feet and walk for peace during the 23rd Annual Mothers Day Walk for Peace.For the course map and more information on this years walk, visit Mother's Day Walk for Peace.
Did you know that onein fivepeople will be affected by mental illness in their lifetime? Because of the stigma associated with mental illness, many people are too ashamed or embarrassed to seek the help they need for themselves or their loved ones.During this weeks Council meeting, the Council adopted a resolution offered by Councilor Essaibi-George, recognizing May as Mental Health Awareness Month in Boston.Since 1949, May has been recognized as Mental Health Awareness Month, with the intended purpose of raising awareness, fighting stigma, providing support, educating the public, and advocating for policies that support people with mental illness."Erasing stigma enables us to further educate one another and all our loved ones on warning signs and symptoms, and normalize seeking help," said Councilor Essaibi-George. "Mental Health Awareness Month is a time to work together to break through that stigma and express compassion for those who struggle with mental health issues, so that they can help change their lives for the better."
In the course "AR 410: Archaeological Research Design and Materials Analysis," taught by Professor Catherine West and Teaching Fellow Kathleen Forste, eleven BU students spent the semester analyzing artifacts spanning the 17th-19th centuries, such as ceramics, animal bones, smoking pipes, toys, buttons, and coins. The goal was to understand the identity, social and economic class, and everyday activities of inhabitants of the Pierce-Hichborn House.As part of their work, they were asked to write blog posts below to reflect on their analysis and interpretations of these objects that were once used by historic Bostonians. To see some of the artifacts and their interpretations, visit the Boston City Archaeologist Instagram page and search for hashtags #digPHH and #BUArchTakeOver.It's a rainy day in the mid-18thcentury. You're hosting your neighbors for tea time to show off the new tea set you just purchased. Its a complete Chinese porcelain set and it cost you a pretty penny. Youve just discarded your old Staffordshire slipware set into the privy in the back, and all of your neighbors are trying to hide their jealousyCeramic tea wares and tablewares were a way to express status and affluence in historic New England. Upper middle-class families took great pride in their service wares. There was significant importance in the material and completeness of tea sets, as it portrayed ones family as refined and sophisticated, showing the familys social standing. The Pierce-Hichborn House, located in the North End of Boston, was occupied by a number of varying income families from the 17th through the early 20th century. During an excavation in spring 2018, the Boston City Archaeologist discovered many sherds  or broken pieces  of ceramics similar to the ones described in the scene above. Some of the ceramics found included Chinese and English porcelain, stoneware, creamware, and many other types.This may seem strange, but in todays society we do the exact same thing, only we express it in different ways. Cell phones, for instance, are a sign of wealth  and are even disposable. People purchase the newest iPhone or Samsung Galaxy because it is a significant status symbol. It is not uncommon for wealthier people to invest their money in the newest most expensive phone, and yet there are still people that buy flip phones. What do you think archaeologists will study in 500 years as a sign of status and prestige?When you accidentally drop a pen cap on the ground and cant be bothered to pick it up, you might not realize that in the future this very pen cap could end up in an archaeological lab, analyzed for its purpose, and for your identity. Mundane things such as a pen cap, coins, or buttons are valuable clues for archaeologists who seek to understand broader cultural factors like economics, aesthetics, and identity.During research on artifacts found in the privy of the Pierce-Hichborn House in the North End, we developed a better understanding of who the inhabitants were and of the fascinating stories that make up their lives, such as how a soccer-ball sized piece of Caribbean coral ended up in a Boston privy. Although our modern day material culture differs from that of the past, one truth persists: we represent ourselves through the objects we collect and own, whether consciously or unconsciously.This research has led us to think deeply about what we own and how it reflects our identity. Look around you and take note of all the things you have come to call your own, even things like that well-used plastic water bottle you take everywhere with you, or that little gold earring youve owned for years. In 200 years, how will archaeologists interpret your stories through the things you leave behind?Feature 7 from the Pierce-Hichborn House in Bostons North End was made up of artifacts that were as fragmented and difficult to interpret as the stratigraphy of the feature itself. In looking at the artifacts from the feature, which ranged from the 17th to the 20th centuries, we were interested in those that specifically related to children, whose presence is sometimes invisible in the archaeological record.During our analysis, we found objects that are often associated with kids: toys, marbles, miniature tea sets, and slate pencils. But are these always just childrens toys, or could it be that adults were using or saving them too?Historically, marbles are known to have been used by children and adults for gaming. Like some adults and children today, some people may have also collected marbles for decorative objects. Miniature vessels, such as those found in doll tea sets, can also be connected to both children and adults. Often linked with girls and young women, the miniature tea-set lid and saucer could either be evidence of a young girl who threw tea-parties for her friends,or a woman holding on to a favorite childhood toy.Slate fragments and pencils are directly tied to learning, but whether that learning was being done by a child or an adult has most likely been lost to the archaeological record.Furthermore, these artifacts could either tell us that some of the residents at the Pierce-Hichborn House were children, that the toys found here were owned by adults as mementos or keepsakes, or both. Ultimately, the mysteries of this feature may never be resolved because of the confusing stratigraphy, weak association between the artifacts and the residents of Pierce-Hichborn House, and the fact that no one kept records of who was using these artifacts to begin with.The content for this blog postwas written by BU studentsMaggie Evans, Grady Gillett, Megan Gowen, Samantha Kelley, Estill Loyd,Cait Parker, Linda Seminario, Shannon Sutton, Yiyi Tang, Yarden Tsfoni, andElisha Valleley.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the commercial structure at 1403 Dorchester Avenue in Dorchester, 02122.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on May 17, 2019.
The Sports Centers offer free summer camp alternatives to Boston youth who might otherwise have no opportunity to attend such programming. Each location offers instruction in a number of popular sports from July 8 through August 16. All Sports Centers are offered free of charge to Boston residents and open to boys and girls ages 7 to 14.Register onlineParents may register their children for just one week or the entire summer. For more information about the White Stadium and South Boston Sports Centers, please call 617-961-3084 or email woodley.auguste@boston.gov. For more information about the East Boston Sports Center, please call 617-961-3085 or email cheryl.brown@boston.gov.Please note that lunch will be provided but participants must provide their own transportation and pre-registration is required for both groups and individuals. You can register through the Parks online system.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the Boston is seeking proposals for creative installations and events at three community gardens as part of theCommunity Grown program, a three year-partnership between the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, The Trustees, and TD Bank. Now in its second year, the program is seeking ideas for innovative design installations at the Joe Ciampa Community Garden in East Boston, the Berkeley Community Garden in the South End, and the Fenway Victory Gardens that support the gardens' role in strengthening social connections and creating welcoming spaces. Applicants are encouraged tosubmit their proposals by 9 a.m. on May 20, 2019."Community gardens bring families, friends and communities together, creating stronger connections in neighborhoods throughout our city," said Mayor Walsh. "Through this partnership, Boston's green spaces will continue to welcome visitors and provide a free, welcoming space to all across Boston.""We are honored to play a role in helping to enhance shared green spaces and serve as a catalyst for more inclusive, connected communities for Boston's residents through our partnership with The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics and The Trustees," said Joseph Doolan, Head of Environmental and Community Partnerships at TD. "The positive environmental and social impacts of Community Grown align with The Ready Commitment platform, TD's initiative to help prepare communities and people to succeed in a changing world. This partnership allows city residents to become more deeply connected to their communities.""After a successful launch last summer, we are looking forward to the second year of our Community Grown partnership with the Mayor's office and TD Bank," says Vidya Tikku, Director for The Trustees' Greater Boston region. "This year we hope to build community and creativity in three more of Boston's community gardens and offer even more ways for neighborhood residents to gather, learn, and play in community gardens citywide."In 2018, New Urban Mechanics and The Trustees unveiled three community-driven design installations at Nightingale Community Garden in Dorchester, Chilcott & Granada Community Garden in Jamaica Plain and the Fenway Victory Gardens. The installations supported storytelling, community conversations, dinners, performances, and play.In addition, The Trustees expanded theirSeed, Sow, & Grow programto increase interest in urban gardening and strengthen social connections between neighborhoods and community gardens.The work that the New Urban Mechanics and the Trustees are doing with community gardens complements other green space initiatives around the City. One of those programs, Grassroots, provides up to $100,000 in grant funds, as well as City-owned land and technical assistance to neighborhood groups and nonprofits that want to organize, develop, own, manage, and maintain community gardens and open space in the low and moderate income neighborhoods. This program, in addition to the others, highlight the Mayor's commitment to enhancing and providing green spaces and gardens to enhance neighborhoods and build communities.Expanding access to healthy and local food is one of the strategies within the City'sClimate Action Plan. Climate change is predicted to have a profound impact on the global food system, and a local food system is a critical component of climate preparedness planning. In addition to this work, the City is preparing Boston for the impacts of climate change through a series of coordinated resiliency measures and planning. The City is focused on building aResilient Boston Harborby strengthening its 47 miles of shorelines through enhanced and connected green space. Most recently, Mayor Walsh announced his commitment to assign 10 percent of all capital spending to resilience projects. The Trustees will also continue to expand their skill-building and community-building events throughout the city. Highlights for this year include youth-led climate justice workshops and community potlucks that will bring neighboring community gardens together to share resources and build relationships. The list of participating gardens includes:The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics serves as the City's innovation incubator, building partnerships between internal agencies and outside entrepreneurs to pilot projects that address resident needs. From community green spaces to Accessory Dwelling Units, their approach to innovation is human-centered, nimble and responsive to the changing needs of our growing City.A steward of distinctive and dynamic places of both historic and cultural value,The Trusteesis the nation's first and Massachusetts' largest preservation and conservation nonprofit. As the largest owner of community gardens in the city, The Trustees operates56 community gardenslocated throughout eight Boston neighborhoods. The organization holdsevents and programsthroughout the year designed to connect residents to the land, gardening, and community building, including the Annual Gardeners' Gathering and the Seed, Sow & Grow workshop series. Supported by members, friends, and donors, The Trustees' 117 statewide natural and cultural sites welcome millions of members, residents, and visitors each year.TD Bankis committed to driving positive change that enriches the lives of our customers, colleagues and communities. In support of our mission, TD launchedThe Ready Commitment, which targets $1 billion (CDN) by 2030 toward community giving, in order to maximize our impact in supporting financial security, elevating the quality of our environment, creating opportunities for everyone to participate in their communities, and supporting more equitable health outcomes for all.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh, co-developers The Boston Home and Affirmative Investments, local elected officials and members of the disability community came together today for a ribbon cutting ceremony at the Harmon Apartments in Dorchester. The $18.7 million project, combines 36 ADA accessible, mixed-income apartments with supportive services designed to promote independent living for adults with disabilities."Our goal in Boston is to create a city that works for everyone and these new affordable homes are accessible, and allow residents to live independently," said Mayor Walsh. "I thank all our partners who helped create this equitable housing development that will be a safe and comfortable home for residents for years to come. It takes a team to move our housing goals forward, and I'm proud of Boston's commitment to creating all the different types of housing that is needed to serve our residents.""Mayor Walsh cares deeply about the quality of life for all residents of the City of Boston," said Marva Serotkin, former CEO of The Boston Home. "He has promoted housing with supportive services for those among us who need just a little extra assistance to fully engage in this vibrant city. From his early days as State Representative, he has been a friend of the residents of The Boston Home. The extraordinary collaboration and leadership among City, State, private and philanthropic investors have been essential in making Harmon Apartments a reality here on this campus."The apartments, which are in close proximity to local businesses, two blocks from the accessible MBTA Red Line Ashmont Station, and adjacent to a bus stop provide a number of innovative features to help the residents live as independently as possible. Harmon residents have access to a variety of specialized programs overseen by a licensed social worker and "Accessible+Plus" physical environment, to enhance accessibility for people with disabilities. Some of the features include:"I am originally from Dorchester and am thrilled to be coming home. I love my new apartment and how easy it is to get around," said resident Janice Kennedy, who moved into Harmon Apartments from the Pine Street Inn.Today's grand opening builds on Mayor Walsh's commitment to preserving and expanding Boston's affordable housing, ensuring all families who wish to live in Boston are able to. Recently, Mayor Walsh announced more than$26 million in new fundingto create and preserve 515 units of housing in 10 developments across seven neighborhoods and contribute to affordable housing programming like the Acquisition Opportunity Program and the Boston Home Center. In 2018, Mayor Walsh increased the City's overall housing targets from53,000 to 69,000 new units by 2030, including 15,820 income-restricted units, to meet Boston's population growthCreating affordable housing for people with disabilities can be especially challenging. Recognizing the need to increase access to housing for persons with disabilities, in 2014 the City of Boston and its nonprofit partners created the Mayor's Disability Housing Task Force (DHTF) to ensure that housing is accessible for persons with disabilities. The DHTF works closely with the City's Disabilities Commission to address issues related to housing this community of people."Over the last five years, the Disability Housing Task Force has worked tirelessly to identify and address housing challenges for people with disabilities," said Kristen McCosh, Commissioner of the City of Boston Commission for Persons with Disabilities. "The housing that is being opened today is a milestone accomplishment of the task force, The Boston Home, its partners and the City of Boston as a whole. We thank Mayor Walsh for his continued commitment to people with disabilities and the ongoing work of the task force."The development for this new building was made possible in part by a $2.4 million investment by the City of Boston $1.2 million from the Massachusetts Department of Housing and Community Development $1.4 million from MassHousing $1.2 million in debt from Capital One Bank and $9.4 million in Federal and State LIHTC financing from Capital One Bank and National Equity Fund. In addition, the project received a $200,000 grant from Capital One Bank and a $3.5 million contribution from The Boston Home.Founded in 1881, The Boston Home serves adults with advanced Multiple Sclerosis and other progressive neurological diseases in a nursing home setting. Exceptional clinical care, compassion, and innovative programs have earned The Boston Home the designation "Center for Excellence in Long-term Care" from the National Multiple Sclerosis Society. The Boston Home is the only facility of its kind in New England and only one of a handful nationwide.Affirmative Investments is an affordable housing developer and financial consultant that partners with non-profits to support the development of high-quality housing for low-income individuals and families.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston is partnering with the MBTA to offer CharlieCards at Boston City Hall and several Boston Public Library branch locations. The partnership works toward the City'sGo Boston 2030goals to build a safe, reliable and equitable transportation network, and encourage more trips by transit and other forms of active transportation that will reduce traffic congestion and emissions from motor vehicles. The Boston Transportation Department's new Transit Team,a staff dedicated to working with the MBTA on improving service,worked closely with the MBTA's Customer Experience Team to implement this initiative."The majority of Boston residents walk, bike, or take the MBTA on their daily commute and it is important that we support their efforts to make smart, healthy, and climate-friendly transportation choices," said Mayor Walsh. "I am pleased that we're able to make it easier for Boston residents and others to pick up a CharlieCard and take advantage of the T to move around the City.""The MBTA wants to meet our customers where they are. By providing CharlieCards at new convenient locations, this allows our customers to pay fares at a lower rate than both cash and Charlie Tickets," said MBTA General Manager Steve Poftak. "I want to thank Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston for their partnership. We look forward to making it easier for customers to choose the T."CharlieCards provide easy transfers between buses and subways. They may be loaded at any MBTA station using cash, credit or debit cards, or on MBTA buses using cash. Through June 30, 2019, subway fares are 50 cents less per ride and bus fares are 30 cents less per ride on the MBTA system when paying with a CharlieCard rather than cash or a CharlieTicket. MBTA Transit Ambassadors and Customer Service Agents at Downtown Crossing and Back Bay Stations, as well as some of the other stations in Boston, have CharlieCards for distribution. CharlieTickets may be purchased at fare vending machines at all MBTA stations in the City."Mayor Walsh and I discussed this idea a few months ago, and I am thrilled he and the MBTA wanted to partner on it and quickly make it happen. By making Charlie Cards available for pickup at City buildings in every neighborhood, we are making an affordable rate more accessible for MBTA riders, which is especially important to do before the MBTA moves to a fully automated system, at which point we want riders to be comfortable using Charlie Cards and know where to go to get one," said City Council President Andrea Campbell. "I hope our next step will be to engage our business community in this effort, so that Charlie Cards are available for pickup or purchase where residents routinely shop, creating even more access to this affordable option." CharlieCards are now available in the first and third floor lobbies of Boston City Hall as well as in the reception area in the Mayor's Office on the fifth floor. CharlieCards are also now available at the following Boston Public Library branches and are expected to be available at additional branch locations soon:
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Transportation Department today announced the 2019 Bike Program Series, a full calendar of programming that spans from May - October 2019. The City will kick off its event series with Boston's National Bike to Work Day Festival on Friday, May 17, from 7 a.m. to 9 a.m. on City Hall Plaza. Fun, on-bike opportunities will continue through mid-October, including the 15th Annual Hub On Wheels Boston Bike Ride in September."It's great to see so many people enjoying a healthy bike ride to get to their destinations in the City," said Mayor Walsh. "With our continued investments to establish a safe and connected network of bike lanes, the expansion of our Bluebikes bike share program, and the organization of clinics, public rides and events, we are working to ensure that Boston's streets are safe and welcoming to the City's cyclists."Mayor Walsh'sFY20 budget proposalincludes a total of $10.6 million for spending on bike infrastructure, including more than $1 million in new funding going towards accelerating the design and construction of major bike corridors. The City'sFY20-24 $2.78 billion Capital Planearmarks $1.15 billion to implement the core initiatives outlined inGo Boston 2030,the City's transportation plan. Specific bike projects that will be advanced include the Southwest Corridor Extension, an on-street bike connection between the Southwest Corridor Path, Downtown and Beacon Hill and Massachusetts Avenue between Columbia Road and Harrison Avenue.Prior investments have advanced multiple bike lane projects that are now completed, under construction, or in design, including the South Bay Harbor Trail, Summer Street in Fort Point, Brookline Avenue in the Longwood Medical Center, and parts of Cambridge Street in Allston.Boston's 2019 Bike Program Series includes the following events:Boston's National Bike to Work Day Festival is the City's annual springtime celebration of bicycling. People on their way to the festival can join one of a dozen bike convoys at stops all across the Boston area, or ride over on their own. Registration, a map of the convoy routes, and other event details can be found atboston.gov/bike-to-work-day.The "Basic Skills" clinics are for people who have never ridden a bike before, haven't been on a bike for years, or can ride a little but need to build basic skills like starting, stopping, turning and hand signaling. "Intro to Street Skills" clinics are for people who have the basics down but want to build their confidence riding on the street.Pre-registration is required for all clinics. Bikes and helmets are provided upon request.The Boston Transportation Department is planning a series of neighborhood bike rides this summer, starting and ending at Bluebikes stations so people who don't have a bike can join in the fun. Helmets and a free Bluebikes trip will be provided to those who register in advance. More information about these rides will be posted onboston.gov/bikes.The15th Annual Hub On Wheels Boston Bike Ride, presented by EF Education First, will take place on Sunday, September 15, 2019. Two routes will be offered: a 12-mile tour of downtown and a 45-mile exploration of the Emerald Necklace and Boston's neighborhoods. This year's ride, benefiting Boston Children's Hospital, will be capped at 5,000 participants. Pre-registration is available now athubonwheels.com.For more information on Boston's bike programs, please visit the Boston Bikes website.
When a BCYF center closes for renovations, the staff move to other centers temporarily. When BCYF Vine Street was closed for renovations, Program Manager Louise Sowers moved to BCYF Nazzaro. While at BCYF Nazzaro, Louise spent time working with the Senior Program, including working on many art projects. The BCYF Nazzaro seniors were sad to see her go  but this is BCYF  so Louise promised them shedbe back to visit.In April, Louise headed back to BCYF Nazzaro with a fun spring-time art project  silk flower teacups. The BCYF Nazzaro seniors shared with us how much they appreciate her and all the kindness she has shown them. We would also like to thank Louise for all her great work at both BCYF Nazzaro and BCYF Vine Street.Learn more about BCYF NazzaroLearn more about BCYF Vine Street
For the month of May, the Inspectional Services Department will celebrate the 39th annual Building Safety Month with an informational table regarding building codes. Building codes and the officials who enforce them ensure Boston residents and visitors are safe. Homes and buildings built in compliance with building safety codes result in resilient structures that minimize the risks of death, injury, and property damage. Building safety affects everyone, and modern, updated building codes save lives.First observed in 1980, Building Safety Month raises awareness about critical safety issues, from structural to fire prevention, plumbing and mechanical systems, and energy efficiency. Building codes have protected the public for thousands of years. The earliest known code of law  the Code of Hammurabi, King of the Babylonian Empire, written circa 2200 B.C.  assessed severe penalties, including death, if a building was not constructed safely. The regulation of building construction in the United States dates back to the 1700s. In the early 1900s, the insurance industry and others with similar concerns developed the first model building code.Today, the International Codes are the most widely used and adopted set of building safety codes in the U.S. and around the world.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 27 Ward Street in South Boston.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on May 13, 2019.
After wintering at the Franklin Park Zoo, Romeo and Juliet will reside during the summer months in the Public Garden. The swans will be returned to the lagoon following a parade that begins at the Beacon and Charles Street corner of the park near the Make Way for Ducklings statue. Carts beautifully decorated by Bostons Winston Flowers will help usher the swans to the release site.Led by a brass band, the parade will continue to the George Washington Statue at the Commonwealth Avenue/Arlington Street entrance, over the pedestrian bridge, and end on the Boylston Street side of the lagoon for the officialReturn of the Swans ceremony.The accompanying entertainment program, sponsored in part by the Friends of the Public Garden, begins at 10:15 a.m. The celebration will include a brass band, face painters, a reading of Make Way for Ducklings led by the Boston Park Rangers, and childrens activities presented bythe Four Seasons Hotel Boston. In-kind sponsors HP Hood LLC and the Four Seasons Hotel Boston will provide refreshments.
Building on the popularity of Bubble Guy Jim Dichters presentations at previous Parks Department childrens events, the Boston Bubble Festival will offer free outdoor activities in and around the historic Parkman Bandstand at 167 Tremont Street.The celebration will include giant floating bubble demonstrations from various bubble performers, a DJ, live entertainment, giveaways, and more.The Boston Bubble Festival is presented by the Boston Parks and Recreation Department with sponsors Uncle Bubble, HP Hood LLC, A Dogs Journey in theaters May 17th, Spirit Riding Free and She-Ra and the Princesses Of Power now streaming on Netflix, and partners Country 102.5, Ameriprise Financial, KIND Snacks, Polar Beverages, Power Crunch nutrition bars and Bubble Guy Jim Dichter.This event is weather permitting. For more information, please call the Boston Parks and Recreation Department at 617-635-4505, visit the Parks website, or go to our Facebook page.
In 1996, Inspectional Services and the Boston Public Health Commission partnered with health care providers throughout the city to form a web-based referral system known as The Breathe Easy program. The program allows agencies to combine efforts to help residents with asthma by:The program serves as a national model to show how Bostons City agencies work together to remove asthma triggers from the household. Boston's approach is to help tenants, property owners, and health care providers eliminate asthma triggers from the home to ensure the health and safety of the occupants.Here are some commonly found asthma triggers in the home:Heres how a housing inspector checks a home for violations.
The annual Walk for Hunger and 5K, as well as the Polish Constitution Day Festival, will be held on Sunday, May 5, 2019. The Wake Up the Earth Day Celebration will be held on Saturday, May 4, 2019. These events will result in street closures and reduce on-street parking availability. People coming into the City to attend are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Walk for Hunger and 5K, Sunday, May 5thAn estimated 3,000 people will participate in the 5K with another 15,000 participating in the walk. The walk is expected to conclude at 8 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect for this event as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday and Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect for this event as follows.Polish Constitution Day Festival, Sunday, May 5thPolish Constitution Day will be celebrated at the Polish American Citizens Club, 82 Boston Street, South Boston, from 11 AM to 6 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 9 AM to 6 PM parking restrictions will be in effect for this event as follows.Wake Up the Earth Day, Saturday, May 4thWake Up the Earth Day will be celebrated in Jamaica Plain.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
As it stands, there are only 12 permanent locations that provide safe and free needle collection in the entire City of Boston. Due to the insufficient number of safe drop-off sites, a great volume of residents who use sharps, syringes, or needles legally for medical treatment or illegally for illicit drug use are improperly disposing of sharps in household trash, parks, and public spaces.During this weeks Council meeting, Councilor Essaibi-George recognized volunteers and health center representatives who participated in the Citys first Needle Take Back Day held on April 25, 2019. Seventeen health centers offered temporary collection hours and provided residents with information about the permanent collection centers throughout Boston.Needle exposure is a critical public safety threat for residents that affects the entire City of Boston. The success of our Needle Take Back Day shows the importance of consistent access to safe needle disposal sites across our City. I look forward to continuing this work with our community health centers [and] our pharmacies across the City, said Councilor Essaibi-George, who also filed legislation during this week's meeting to provide safe disposal of sharps through the establishment of a Product Stewardship Program.
The Asian American population is the fastest growing racial or ethnic group in the country. Boston has the largest number of AAPI residents in the state, the third largest Chinatown in the United States, a vibrant Vietnamese community in Dorchester, as well as other AAPI communities throughout the City.AAPIs are an integral part of our society, as they are our neighbors, business owners, educators, policymakers, military members, first responders, and youth sports coaches, among many other roles.Councilor Flynn, who represents a large AAPI community in his district said, It is important that we recognize the contributions of our AAPI residents, and recognize that their experiences and diversity make our City stronger, he continued, The AAPI community faced discrimination and racism in the past, and there are still challenges facing the community in the present. We have to continue to advocate and stand up for our AAPI community, especially at a time when the rights of immigrants are being violated.May is officially designated as Asian Pacific American Heritage Month in the United States.
Councilor OMalley said, This could be something that is absolutely transformative for our Commonwealth. You talk about some of the issues we are dealing with as Bostonians housing, affordability, congestion, traffic [...]. This is a way that we could absolutely address [those issues]."He described improved regional transit as an ideal yet under-explored element of the solution to Bostons housing cost and congestion challenges, because providing easier public transit from areas outside of Boston into the regions economic center would take pressure off of the Boston housing market and commuters off of Bostons roads. He also stated that an East-West Rail could also form a key part of Bostons and the Commonwealths carbon reduction goals.The Council has previously discussed other important regional transit improvements, such as the North-South Rail Link.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined representatives fromMassachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company(MassMutual) in announcing the company is providing $1 million of support to theBoston's Way Home Fundto further the city's efforts in ending chronic homelessness in the City of Boston. Since the Mayor first announced the fund, more than $6.2 million has been raised to date, including the $1 million announced today.The gift from MassMutual was announced at the annual Home Remedy breakfast for Pine Street Inn, a partner of the Boston's Way Home Fund. First announced by Mayor Walsh in January 2018, Boston's Way Home Fundhas a set goal of raising $10 million over four years, with funds being used to create 200 new units of supportive, sustainable, long-term housing for chronically homeless men and women."I thank MassMutual for their generous contribution and for helping Boston get even closer towards our goal of ending chronic homelessness in our city," said Mayor Walsh. "We are committed to making sure that every person in our City has a place to call their home and build a better life, and the Boston's Way Home Fund is helping do just that.""We applaud the efforts of Mayor Walsh, the City, Pine Street Inn and all of the Boston's Way Home Fund partners in driving forward efforts to provide housing for every homeless individual in Boston," said Roger Crandall, MassMutual's Chairman, President and CEO. "At MassMutual, we are committed to supporting those who share our vision for a better future and we are honored to contribute to realizing the Mayor's goal of ending homelessness in Boston.""Pine Street Inn is extremely grateful to MassMutual for their generous support of the Boston's Way Home Fund, and we appreciate their leadership," said Lyndia Downie, President and Executive Director, Pine Street Inn. "This gift will make a significant difference in our ability to create additional housing for those moving out of homelessness, helping to provide a safe, stable environment for men and women to begin rebuilding their lives."Creating new permanent supportive housing, such as the affordable housing complex Pine Street Inn plans to build in Jamaica Plain, is an important component ofBoston's Way Home. Permanent supportive housing combines subsidized rental housing with individualized support services so that people receive the assistance they need to stay housed. The housing is designed to build independent living skills and connect people with services such as community-based medical and mental health care, job training and employment services.Pine Street Inn, which partners with homeless individuals to help them move from the streets and shelters to permanent homes, operates more than 850 units of permanent and supportive housing around Boston and Brookline, Mass. The new complex in Jamaica Plain, funded byBoston's Way Home, will help Pine Street Inn meet the growing need for safe, secure and affordable long-term housing solutions.In his January 2016 State of the City address, Mayor Walsh announced Boston had ended chronic veteran homelessness to date, nearly 915 homeless veterans have been housed. In 2016, the City scaled up its efforts to end chronic homelessness since January of 2016, 721 chronically homeless individuals have been housed, representing more than 4,000 years of homelessness ended. Since its implementation, Boston's Way Home has resulted in a complete redesign of the way Boston offers services to homeless individuals. Rather than counting on shelter as the solution to the issue, Boston has moved toward a housing-first model, where an individual's entrance into the shelter system is also their entrance on a path toward permanent, stable housing.The $10 million raised from the fund is expected to leverage a significant public and private investment. MassMutual joins leading businesses throughout the city in contributing to funding the Boston's Way Home Fund. For more information about the Boston's Way Home Fund,click here.Last year, MassMutual announced a multi-year plan to reinvest in its home state of Massachusetts, including an increased presence in both Springfield, the company's headquarters since its founding in 1851, and Boston. This summer, the company will break ground on its new building on Boston's Fan Pier. As MassMutual expands its operations in Boston, the company is committed to strengthening its community involvement through business, civic, cultural and corporate responsibility initiatives.MassMutual is a leading mutual life insurance company that is run for the benefit of its members and participating policyowners. MassMutual offers a wide range of financial products and services, including life insurance, disability income insurance, long term care insurance, annuities, retirement plans and other employee benefits. For more information, visitwww.massmutual.com.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, in collaboration with the Boston Art Commission, today announced aCall to Artistsfor a piece of permanent public artwork to complement a $1.8 million renovation of Dewitt Playground, at the corner of Ruggles Street and Dewitt Drive and adjacent to the Madison Park High School Athletic Field Complex in Roxbury. The renovation of the playground includes creating additional activity areas and amenities for all ages, improving lighting, and utilizing the elevation change to incorporate a stage that can be used for activities such as movie nights and farmers' markets.The renovation is part of a larger project called theWhittier Choice Neighborhood Transformation Plan, and the Call to Artists is for the Percent for Art project the City of Boston is commissioning as part of the construction project. The Percent for Art program sets aside one percent of the City's annual capital borrowing budget for the commission of public art. $1.8 million has been allocated to the program this current fiscal year, and Mayor Walsh in his FY20-FY24 capital plan recently announced a historic $13.4 million investment in the program over the next five years."This is an exciting opportunity to beautify an area that is so active and heavily utilized by community members of all ages," said Mayor Walsh. "I'm eager to see how visitors will be able to interact with this new piece of art in a way that generates more community engagement and conversations."Plan view of current design for renovations of Dewitt Playground.This public art project has a budget of $250,000. The City has identified several potential locations for the artwork, including the basketball courts, the barrier between the full and half basketball courts, fencing along Dewitt Street, and walkways and other surfaces. There are three qualities of the Ruggles Corridor area that the artists may wish to take into consideration when applying: health and wellness, intergenerational engagement, and play."The Boston Parks and Recreation Department looks forward to the addition of public art at Dewitt Playground," said Parks Commissioner, Chris Cook. "This new artwork will transform the park and make it a more welcoming community space for all Boston's residents and visitors to enjoy."The Call to Artists is open to all artists, artisans, architects, landscape architects, or teamswith experience in public art, site responsive design, project management, and constructionadministration. An Artist Selection Committee comprised of representatives from theBoston Art Commission, stakeholder groups, community members, and local arts professionals will review applications and determine the final artist/team."Projects like this one that integrate art into the public realm are so impactful, because they act as a foundation for creative expression within a community," said Kara Elliott-Ortega, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. "I'm excited to see how this artwork enhances the various activities and programming that community members participate in at the playground."The deadline to submit questions about the project tobac@boston.govis May 22, 2019, and applications are due by May 30, 2019. The application can be found online.OtherPercent for Art projectscurrently underway include public art for the new police station in East Boston, the Engine 42 fire station in Roxbury, the Dudley Branch of the Boston Public Library, the Jamaica Plain Branch of the Boston Public Library, and the Vine Street BCYF Community Center in Roxbury.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include implementing the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates commissioning public art, managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester.The Boston Art Commission (BAC), an independent board of arts leaders charged with the care and custody of all artworks on City of Boston property, advocates for the creation of innovative and transformative art and promotes its accessibility to enrich the lives of Boston's diverse citizens and visitors. The Art Commission advises, supports, and consults with artists and communities, City departments, and others. It commissions, approves, and conserves the City of Boston's collection of art and historical artifacts.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, the Boston Transportation Department, in partnership with The National Safety Council, Liberty Mutual Insurance, and Cambridge Mobile Telematics (CMT), yesterday announced the launch of theBoston's Safest Driver Competition, a competition to encourage better driving habits. This competition supports the work ofVision Zero, Boston's commitment to focus its resources onproven strategies to eliminate fatal and serious traffic crashes in the City by 2030.An effort of the City's Vision Zero Task Force, this competition uses asmartphone-based appto score drivers on their behaviors and enable moments of self-reflection. Drivers from the Boston metro area are invited to compete for over $25,000 in prizes by downloading the app and practicing safe driving on the roads.Participants can download the app today and begin to compete for the grand prizes of $5,000 each before the July 28th conclusion."To achieve our Vision Zero goals, we need to work together as a community to change the culture of our streets," said Mayor Walsh. "Boston's Safest Driver competition helps us have this conversation in a fun, innovative way. I invite all drivers in the Boston area to join this competition, and be part of the solution to make our streets safer for all." In 2016, the City launched the Boston's Safest Driver competition, the first of its kind in the nation.For the most active users of the app, the competition resulted in phone distraction scores improved by 47 percent, hard braking scores by 37 percent, and speeding scores by 35 percent.Since 2016, the program has been replicated in Seattle, San Antonio, Rhode Island, and Oregon. This is one tool the City of Boston has used to deliver on safer roadways for residents, a core goal ofGo Boston 2030, Boston's long-term transportation plan. Since 2016 the City has lowered the default speed limit to 25 miles per hour, initiated 12 neighborhood slow streets projects, and implemented street redesigns to slow speeding vehicles and improve safety. This year's competition is supported with aRoad to Zerogrant from the National Safety Council and prizes are furnished by Liberty Mutual Insurance."Liberty Mutual is proud to partner with the City of Boston to help reduce dangers on our roads," said Nicholas Grant, vice president, product management Global Retail Markets at Liberty Mutual Insurance. "Even a quick glance away from the road while using your phone or multi-tasking can result in a dangerous situation. Raising awareness about the dangers of distracted driving and providing incentives to be safer can play a key role in helping to change driver behavior."During the Boston's Safest Driver competition, participants can challenge friends, see how they rank in their community, and win prizes in a wide variety of categories on a biweekly basis. The person crowned City of Boston's Safest Driver will win an overall grand prize of $5,000. An additional $5,000 Safest Driver grand prize will be awarded to a Metro Boston winner, grand prizes for Least Distracted and "Slow & Steady" driver will also be awarded. In addition to the general competition, open to all Metro Boston residents, the City is partnering with local Transportation Management Associations (TMAs) including A Better City TMA, MASCO, and Seaport TMA for a corporate challenge. The competition will be administered by Promosis, a Boston area based promotion marketing firm and independent judging organization."We strongly believe that traffic injuries and deaths can be drastically reduced if drivers simply paid attention to the road and slowed down. We need to bring empathy and respect back to the road, and understand that our cars are not our offices or our safe spaces, but a large piece of machinery." said Emily Stein, President of the Safe Roads Alliance. "We love the Boston's Safest Driver app, and think it's a great tool to make drivers more aware of the number of times they might check their phone while driving, and where they tend to speed on their commute home."The Boston's Safest Driver app, developed by Cambridge Mobile Telematics (CMT), provides helpful feedback on the participant's driving based upon five metrics: speed, acceleration, braking, cornering, and phone distraction.The app logs trips while in the background on the user's phone, and the driver is alerted afterwards of their score for that trip, told how they did on the different factors, and provided with helpful tips to improve in the future. A goal of the competition is to allow participants to reflect on their driving behaviors and develop new safety habits."CMT is proud to continue working with the city of Boston and Liberty Mutual to make Boston's roads safer," said William Powers, CMT's co-founder and chief executive officer. "We have seen how a reduction in behaviors like distracted driving can protect drivers, cyclists and pedestrians. The CMT team is motivated to make our city safer."About MONUMThe Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics serves as the City's innovation incubator, building partnerships between internal agencies and outside entrepreneurs to pilot projects that address resident needs. Autonomous Vehicles to Accessory Dwelling Units, their approach to innovation is human-centered, nimble and responsive to the changing needs of our growing City.About Liberty Mutual InsuranceLiberty Mutual'spurpose is to help people embrace today and confidently pursue tomorrow. The promise we make to our customers throughout the world is to provide protection for the unexpected, delivered with care. In business since 1912, and headquartered in Boston, Mass., today Liberty Mutual is a leading global insurer with operations in 30 countries and economies around the world. We are the third largest property and casualty insurer in the U.S. based on 2017 direct written premium data as reported by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners.About Cambridge Mobile TelematicsCambridge Mobile Telematics(CMT) mission is to make the world's roads safer. CMT's DriveWell platform measures driving quality, scores driving performance, incentivizes safer driving, and provides crash and claims services for insurers, rideshares, and fleets.About PromosisPromosisis a motivational marketing agency and promotion innovator that works in development and application of cross-channel sweepstakes, skill contests, and instant-win games headquartered in Marblehead, MA.
The Massachusetts Legislature recently voted to lift the cap on kids, a major piece of Mayor Walshs Legislative Agenda, led by bill sponsors State Representative Marjorie Decker and State Senator Sal DiDomenico. We thank the House and Senate for passing it, as well as the coalitions that led the effort to make this a reality.Simply put, lifting the cap provides vital resources for Bostons most vulnerable families. It repeals a policy that denies resources for children conceived while, or soon after, a family receives benefits. It will provide a clearer path to economic stability for thousands of residents. It should also mark the beginning of a broader set of policy changes that build a social safety net rooted in dignity and support upward economic mobility and wealth-building.Lifting the Cap on Kids was one of several Economic Mobility bills on the Mayors Legislative Agenda that would represent significant progress towards that goal. Here, we will highlight three that focus on core elements of the social safety net:As changes to federal policy have made it more difficult for families to get ahead, Massachusetts has the opportunity to take the lead in building a system that provides solid pathways to economic security and the middle class.This opportunity is especially important to us at the Economic Mobility Lab. Were a team of social entrepreneurs in Mayor Walshs Office of Policy that researches and tests promising ideas that can move the needle on economic mobility. The Lab focuses on implementing programs at the City level--from work on child care, to childrens savings accounts, to emergency savings. We know, however, that the city operates in a broader policy context. We see it as our responsibility to advocate and build momentum for policy changes at all levels of government and in the private sector. We believe that the blueprint for building a better system starts by centering action on the perspectives of the people who will actually be affected by the policies. Then, it requires an assessment of existing policies and taking actions that: The following bills, key parts of the Mayors Legislative Agenda, both eliminate some of what holds families back and expand what works for families with low incomes. We look forward to working with our partners in the Legislature to pass them as essential first steps towards creating a more equitable and resilient City and Commonwealth.As part of our initial research for the Lab, including in-depth interviews with residents, we identified the welfare system as a crucial starting point for improvement. Thats why we led with Lifting the Cap on Kids. The process of working towards a better system begins by rooting out policies that harm children and families.Rooting out those policies has a ripple effect for families and across the economy. Lifting the Cap, for example, supports families in several ways, including providing resources to caregivers. Massachusetts, and Boston in particular, has one of the highest average child care costs in the country. For families, lack of access to child care means that parents may have to turn down a job offer or the chance to accept a higher paying job. Any policies that make it easier for families to access high quality, affordable child care should be a major focus moving forward.For these reasons, one of the Labs focus areas, in partnership with the Mayors Office of Womens Advancement, is child care. We are moving forward with projects that will support providers operate child care businesses.An important next step is S.38, An Act to Promote Asset Building for Low-income Residents, sponsored by Senator Sal DiDomenico, which would eliminate the cap on assets for families receiving temporary cash assistance. The current cap acts as a disincentive for low-income families to even think about saving if they believe they may need to access cash assistance.Working with the Legislature, Massachusetts recently raised the asset cap from $2500 to $5000. While this is a positive start, we must continue to make progress. Lifting the asset limit will simplify the application process for the state and eliminate the bad incentive this creates and the message it gives to families that they are not allowed to build assets. Lifting barriers to economic mobility is crucial, but is not sufficient for creating a system that creates pathways to the middle class. We also need to expand what works.When the parents who were receiving cash benefits move off of them, we want to ensure they have the resources they need to achieve economic security. Thats why Mayor Walsh supports H.2434/S.1646 An Act Improving the Earned Income Credit for Working Families, filed by Representative Marjorie Decker and Senator James Eldridge, which would raise the Massachusetts Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) to 50% of the federal credit, returning money directly to low- and moderate-income families. The EITC provides tax relief to more than 400,000 working individuals and families across the Commonwealth annually.The EITC is widely considered one of the most effective anti-poverty measures for working families. An increase of the state EITC would offer a significant economic boost for low-income workers. The Mayors proposal would increase the federal EITC return to more than $420 million for Massachusetts households, up from $126 million in 2014.The City of Boston and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts are in unique positions to lead on creating policies thatsupportupward economic mobility and asset building.Lifting the Cap on Kids is a great start. Passing the other bills on the Mayors legislative agenda would build on this progress in creating a system that works better for families.To learn more, visitthe Mayors legislative agenda page and the Economic Mobility Lab.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the commercial structure at 820 Cummins Highway in Mattapan, MA 02126.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on May 10, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the autobody structureat 30-32 Regis Roadin Mattapan, MA 02126.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on May 10, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 72 Oakland Street in Brighton, MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on May 10, 2019.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Robert Santiago as Commissioner ofVeterans' Services for the City of Boston. Santiago will be the first Puerto Rican and LGBTQ Veterans' Commissioner in the City's history."I am proud to name Robert as the next Commissioner of Veterans' Services, taking on an important role by making sure veterans in our city are well-supported and know that their service to our country will always be appreciated," said Mayor Walsh. "Robert has proudly served our nation, and has shown through his work over the last three years that his commitment to serving our veterans in Boston is unwavering."In 2016, Santiago joined the City of Boston as Deputy Commissioner at the Mayor's Office of Veterans' Services. Prior to joining the Mayor's Office of Veterans' Services, Santiago served 20 years in the Navy in diverse duty stations including sea duty on four warships and overseas tours in Belgium, Puerto Rico, Panama, and Japan. Santiago participated in Desert Shield/Desert Storm, Eastern Exit, Enduring Freedom, and Iraqi Freedom. His final duty station was in Boston onboard America's Ship of State, the USS CONSTITUTION which is the oldest commissioned warship afloat in the world. He retired from military service in 2008 while onboard USS CONSTITUTION."I am grateful to Mayor Walsh for this opportunity to serve the veterans of Boston," said Santiago. "I remain dedicated to promoting the Mayor's agenda to serving all veterans no matter the zip code, status, or orientation."Santiago is on the Executive Board of the Massachusetts Veterans Services Officer Association and is a life member of the Veterans of Foreign Wars and the American Legion. Santiago is also a member of the leadership team for the Homes for the Brave initiative which is part of the Mayors' Challenge to end Veterans' homelessness. He currently resides in Jamaica Plain with his husband, Robert Torres.Formerly led by Commissioner Giselle Sterling, the Mayor's Office of Veterans' Services strives to recognize and engage our veterans and their families advocate for assistance in their time of need, and connect them with the services they've earned.The primary program of OVS is known as Massachusetts General Law (MGL) Chapter 115 and facilitated through the local Veteran Service Officer. Chapter 115 acts as financial help for veterans experiencing homelessness and low-income Veterans and their families. These benefits also include military burial assistance, subsidies on medical expenses and the decoration of veterans' graves and hero squares for Memorial Day. OVS also hosts Operation Thank a Vet, a program forvolunteers to canvass identified Boston Veterans to thank them for their service and share information about critical resources that are available to them from the city, state and federal government.To date, an average of 10,000 veterans receives financial assistance each month from the Department of Veterans' Services in Massachusetts with approximately 450 from OVS, the most in the Commonwealth. Through the Operation Thank a Vet program, the City has spoken to over 1,500 veterans and thanked them for their service as well as informing them of critical City services and resources.
High Blood Pressure, or hypertension, is a chronic condition that exists independently from day-to-day stress. Generally, individual moments of tension only temporarily spike blood pressure, and on their own do not contribute to chronic high blood pressure. According to many studies, however, a mix of high blood pressure, sleep deprivation, and a consistently stressful work environment can weaken the circulatory system and increase the risk of heart disease.This month, we wanted to take a look at different resources that offer tips on maintaining lower stress in the workplace as a means of reducing spikes of high blood pressure.As always, reach out to the Employee Assistance Programif you need more resources or strategies to improve your mental health on the job or at home.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the three buildings at 75-85 Liverpool Street in East Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on May 9, 2019.
To support individual artists is a stunningly beautiful act of trust as a city. After being selected as an inaugural City of Boston Artist Fellow in 2017, I felt inspired to take risks and make works to match the profound generosity shown to me by the City of Boston.The Artist Fellowship Award was the Citys first-ever pilot program designed to invest in the advancement of artists living in Boston. Five artists across various disciplines, including myself, were awarded $10,000 each in the form of an unrestricted grant. The only requirement was that each artist had to collaborate with the City of Boston on a public event that showcased our individual work.Im a conceptual artist from Roxbury, trained as an architect, who uses architecture as a medium to explore how sensations and emotions may be affected through explorations in material. I form ideas in ink and concrete, exploring artful mistakes made within architectural standards of practice, eliciting unexpected results and poetic experiences from banal aspects of conventional construction.An artist can make work in a place, but an artist alone cannot contextualize their work. The Artist Fellowship Award gave me the opportunity to produce a piece of performance art at the Erich Lindemann Mental Health Center at Government Service Center, which was designed by brutalist architect Paul Rudolph.Artist Fellow Michelle Fornabaiduring a performance at the Erich Lindemann Mental Health Center at Government Service Center.(Courtesy of Anne Piessens)The simple fact that Boston's most vulnerable are placed at the center of government service  quite literally at Government Service Center, which houses the Departments of Labor and Mental Health, as well as 150 resident patients in the health center  to me, demonstrates the beauty of Boston. Brutalist buildings like Rudolph's building and City Hall spoke to me as an artist exploring fragility in concrete  perhaps like many Bostonians, these buildings are known for their bristly exteriors, yet they weather the elements to protect secret, generous and imaginative interiors.At the Erich Lindemann Mental Health Center in Government Service Center, I think my "conceptual act of architecture in concrete" was constructing a room called the "Boston Room" as an art space  for artists, but more importantly for the practitioners and patients who do such truly important and difficult work. Boston's strength is its people and for this performance they were my heart, especially so when I needed to take heart.Artist Michelle Fornabai during performance atErich Lindemann Mental Health Center at Government Service Center, courtesy of Anne PiessensTo speak across the history of concrete in Boston  of bton brut, Brutalist buildings and labors of love  was truly poetic and contextualized my work in an inimitable way. To place my concrete poem in dialogue with what was once described as an essay in concrete at Government Service Center was a once in a lifetime opportunity as an artist. It was a profound privilege to have the support of the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture and assistance at the Erich Lindemann Mental Health Center  coordinating with both the city and state  to realize such a work simply would not have been possible as an individual artist.As an individual artist, and an inaugural fellow, I thought a lot about what one artist can do for a city. Upon reflection, I thought to use the placing of my works here in Boston as a kind of foundation, something upon which something else is firmly placed. Artists make possibilities for other artists.In the future, I hope more art and artists will continue to inhabit the "Boston Room" and the Chapel  certainly, the most beautiful, secret space to share in Boston. And City Hall's monumental yet minimalist spaces are there to inspire and support the everyday, the every person  to provide an immense space in support of the "little guy." These often overlooked interiors and the Bostonians within them inspired me to be brave in thinking about possibilities for the city and its artists.Working with the City of Boston as an artist, extraordinary things can happen in everyday life.The City of Boston is currently accepting applications for its second round of the Artist Fellowship Award. You can learn more online.
StudentCam encourages students to think critically about issues that affect our communities and our nation. This year, students in grades six through 12 were asked to create a short (five to six minutes) video documentary on a topic related to the new 2019 competition theme, "What does it mean to be American? The students had to choose a constitutional right, national characteristic or historic event and explain how it defines the American experience.Anne and Ashley discussed freedom of the press in their documentary, how important it is to democracy and how it defines part of the American experience. The two winners interviewed local officials and members of Congress. Anne and Ashley won $1,500for their 2nd place prize.With cash prizes totaling $100,000, C-SPAN awards prizes to 150 student documentaries, and over 50 teacher advisors.
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh welcomed Daisaku Kadokawa, Mayor of Kyoto, Japan, and Kazuhiro Terada, Chair of the Kyoto City Assembly, to celebrate 60 years of the two cities' Sister City partnership with a signing ceremony to renew the agreement, reflect on the partnership, and look forward to a creative and collaborative future together. First signed in 1959, Kyoto became Boston's first Sister City and set forth a partnership focused on diplomacy to expand education, culture, commerce, and community synergies."I am proud to welcome Mayor Kadokawa and Chairman Terada to the City of Boston, and am grateful to them and the City of Kyoto for this strong, collaborative partnership," said Mayor Walsh. "Boston and Kyoto are both leaders in the life sciences, are hubs for education, and celebrate strong neighborhood identities. Through cultural exchanges like these, our Sister Cities program promotes Boston as an open and welcoming city in our global economy."In Japan, 60 is a significant number. According to tradition, a person turning 60 has gone through the years of the Chinese zodiac five times and returned to his or her birth zodiac. This is seen as a rebirth (kanreki/). Therefore, Boston and Kyoto have planned a series of events throughout 2019 in order to signify this rebirth of partnership and collaboration. Just this week, the Mayor's Office of Economic Development and the City of Kyoto delegation hosted a life sciences forum featuring both Kyoto and Boston companies to explore growth in both regions. The Kyoto delegation visited the Japanese House, a gift from Kyoto, at the Boston Children's Museum. Rotary Clubs from Boston and Kyoto, along with the Japan Society of Boston, will host a tree planting ceremony at the Boston Public Garden on Saturday the tree, a gift from the Rotary Club of Kyoto South, is a Japanese Stewartia (summer camellia). Lastly the annual Japan Festival Boston April 27-28 will focus its theme on the City of Kyoto with workshops and performances."Kyoto and Boston share a rich history of cultural and business collaboration, and have a bright future working together, learning, and bolstering our shared economies and communities," said Mayor Daisaku Kadokawa, City of Kyoto. "I thank Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston for hosting this celebration and look forward to our renewed partnership."Boston's Sister City programs operate as non-profit, independent organizations, and are heavily dependent on voluntary support and contributions. During the 1950s, residents and government officials recognized the importance of developing closer international relations. To date, Boston has formed eleven Sister City partnerships: Kyoto, Japan (1959) Strasbourg, France (1960) Barcelona, Spain (1980) Hangzhou, China (1982) Padua, Italy (1983) Melbourne, Australia (1985) Taipei, Taiwan (1996) Sekondi-Takoradi, Ghana (2001) Belfast, United Kingdom (2014) and Praia, Cape Verde (2015).The Sister Cities Programbegan as a national concept in 1956, when President Dwight D. Eisenhower called for massive exchanges between Americans and people of other countries to create international understanding and goodwill. A Sister City agreement is formalized when two communities from different nations join together to develop a friendly and meaningful relationship. The two cities exchange people, ideas, culture, education, and technology. Citizens from both communities learn about each other's culture and become directly involved in developing unique solutions to common problems. The Sister Cities Program promotes world peace on an individual level and encourages citizens to better understand community, by contrasting their way of life with another culture.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh together with the Boston Housing Authority and local shelter providers yesterday gathered in Roxbury to announce the release of 1,000 new rental housing vouchers for chronically homeless residents and families in Boston. The vouchers are funded through the federal Housing Choice Voucher Program through the US Department of Housing and Urban Development, and will increase the BHA's portfolio of vouchers to 13,500."I am incredibly proud that through these 1,000 rental housing vouchers we'll be able to provide more residents and families with a home," said Mayor Walsh. "These vouchers are more than a rent subsidy -- they represent a foundation for stability, support and self-sufficiency. We will continue working together to create these homes for our residents and be a city where every single person matters and every single person is cared for."Through partnerships with DHD and DHCD and the network of shelter providers and service providers, voucher holders will receive housing search assistance, funds for relocation, and stabilization services for at least six months."These vouchers not only help homeless residents and families find permanent affordable housing, they offer them the stability they need to pursue new opportunities and better their lives," said BHA Administrator Bill McGonagle.The BHA will issue the 1,000 new vouchers through the Coordinated Access System referral program, the Rapid Rehousing program, the Moving On program, and the Leading the Way Home Program.Rapid Rehousing is a form of supported housing designed to rehouse families who have recently become homeless. Moving On is a program that will assist formerly chronically homeless tenants who currently occupy traditional housing that has supportive services, and are no longer in need of those services, transition to independent housing. TheCoordinated Access Systemwas developed under theMayor's Action Plan to End Veteran and Chronic Homelessnessand prioritizes matching the most vulnerable homeless individuals, including veterans, youth and young adults and long-term chronically homelessness individuals to housing opportunities. Leading the Way Home is a form of supported housing designed to help families transition out of emergency shelters by offering 18 months of supportive services focused on stabilization and self-sufficiency, along with Section 8 rental assistance.In addition to the tenant-based Housing Choice Vouchers, the BHA will offer up to 150 project-based vouchers to preserve affordability in developments subsidized through the expiring Mass Housing 13A mortgage program. 13A developments may use these vouchers to help tenants remain in their homes and prevent any risk of homelessness.BHA was able to secure approximately $28 million in additional funding for vouchers this year after they initiated a rent survey and appealed HUD estimates for Fair Market Rent (FMR) in the Boston area last fall. The survey demonstrated the need for a higher FMR, which sets the payment standard housing authorities can set for voucher-subsidized rents, and determines subsidy levels for voucher holders. The previous HUD FMR rate lagged significantly behind the Boston region's rising rental market. The new rate and additional funding will allow BHA to issue at least 1000 new housing vouchers. The BHA last issued new vouchers in late 2017."The Section 8 voucher provided me with the ability to find a place for my children and I to call home. With this new stability, I have been able to maintain a decently paying job along with childcare for my children." said Paulina Morillo, a voucher holder from Dorchester. "These vouchers will do the same for many families like mine."In addition to today's announcement, Mayor Walsh last week announced his FY20 recommended budget, which includes $4 million to support the creation of approximately 50 new units of permanent supportive housing each year. Creating new permanent supportive housing is a critical component ofBoston's Way Home, the City's action plan to end veteran and chronic homelessness in Boston.In addition, the FY20 recommended budget includes $1 million to provide connections to employment, rental assistance and supportive services for youth, building on the City's action plan to support young Bostonians experiencing homelessness. These funds will help support early identification and outreach, increase access to effective supports, and develop a collaborative system to create pathways to opportunity for those experiencing homelessness. This investment is in addition to a $4.9 million Youth Homelessness Demonstration Program grant from the US Department of Housing and Urban Development.The FY20 budget proposal also includes a $300,000 investment that will fund four formerly homeless individuals to work as peer navigators across Boston shelters to connect individuals currently experiencing chronic homelessness with permanent housing pathways. Peer housing navigators will help clients with their housing applications, gathering documentation needed for housing, and mentoring others as they transition from homelessness to housing.Earlier this week, Mayor Walsh celebrated a $30 millioncapital investment to revitalize Boston Housing Authority's Bunker Hill Housing developmentin Charlestown, the first time in the City's history that City bond dollars have been invested directly into a BHA project.
Boston girls ages 10-18 are invited to BCYFs Citywide Girls Leadership Summit on Saturday, May 11, at Simmons College, Linda K. Paresky Conference Center, 300 The Fenway.The theme of the summit is Working On Me. Workshops will discuss self care and self esteem, introduce yoga, and share health and wellness practices for girls. The workshops will also address ways to cope with everyday life and achieving peace of mind.The Summit is free and will run from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. and include lunch. To register, visit the BCYF G.I.R.L.S. website, or contact Erika Butler at erika.butler@boston.gov. For updated information follow @BCYFCenters.Partners and supporters of the BCYF Girls Summit include: Boston Police Athletic League, Lingzi Lu Foundation, Shannon Grant, Foundation for BCYF, Simmons Community Engagement, the Mayors Office of Women's Advancement, theMayors Office of Health and Human Services, and Women in Blue.
BOSTON - Saturday, April 20, 2019 - Building on his commitment to supporting Boston'simmigrantcommunities, Mayor Martin J. Walshtoday announced his FY20 Budget proposalincludes $50,000 in Cityfundsdedicated to the Greater BostonImmigrantDefenseFund, a public-private partnership that works to increase education and access to legal services to defend its manyimmigrant communities, refugees, and temporary status holders."The Greater BostonImmigrantDefenseFundis a statement of our values as a City: thatimmigrantsdeserve to have access to information about their rights and to legal services," said Mayor Walsh. "I am proud to include Cityfundsin the FY20 Budget to further the success demonstrated during the early stages of the program, and I thank those who have invested in our City's wellbeing by participating as funders, conveners, advisors, and service providers."The Greater BostonImmigrantDefenseFundwas launched in 2017 by Mayor Walsh, Massachusetts Legal Assistance Corporation (MLAC), and the Massachusetts Law Reform Institute (MLRI), as a pilot program originally expected to conclude in December 2019. The two-year pilot has shown that Boston residents make up the largest percentage of the cases opened among the 27 cities and towns served by theDefenseFund. Cityfundsincluded in the FY20 Budget will jumpstart the third year of theFundand are estimated to pay counsel for approximately 30 cases."We are grateful for the Mayor's leadership and for being an ardent supporter ofimmigrantcommunities in Boston and beyond," said Jocelyn V. Sargent, Executive Director of the Hyams Foundation. "The Walsh Administration's generous contribution to thefundwill further support efforts to strengthen and defendimmigrantsrights especially with increasingly uncertain times ahead. The Hyams Foundation is proud to support the Mayor's efforts in creating an inclusive and welcoming city for all."Through theDefenseFund, $1 million was awarded in December 2017 to five legal services providers and six non-profit community partners to further build the capacity to support and defendimmigrantsrights in the Greater Boston area. In many detention proceedings, having an attorney is critical. Detained people who have a lawyer are 10.5 times more likely to be granted some form of relief, according to the National Study of Access to Counsel. Appropriation offundsin the City's Budget is a step towards addressing this need for representation amongst those facing deportation, especially those in detention.Through their contributions to the cultural, social and economic landscape of the city,immigrantsplay an essential role in Boston's unique civic life. Foreign-born Bostonians account for 28 percent of City's population.Immigrants generate nearly a quarter of the economic output of Suffolk County. In 2014,immigrantscontributed $2.3 billion to the regional economy, generating more than $116.1 million in state and local tax revenues and approximately 15,000 jobs. Additionally, a high proportion of foreign-born Bostonians are self-employed, which has helped revitalize and reinvigorate many of Boston's neighborhoods.TheDefenseFundis made possible by Grantmakers Concerned withImmigrantsand Refugees (GCIR), a national network of foundations working on issues related toimmigrantintegration, as well as by contributions from local philanthropic, corporate and legal partners. Local foundations and corporate partners contributing to thefundinclude The Barr Foundation, The Boston Foundation, The Fish Family Foundation, Foley Hoag LLP, The Herman and Frieda L. Miller Foundation, The Hyams Foundation, and The Klarman Family Foundation.To learn more about the Greater BostonImmigrantDefenseFundand participate, pleaseclick here.
BOSTON - Wednesday, April 24, 2019 -Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the second phase of expansion of the Boston Public Schools (BPS) My Way Cafe food and nutrition program to 25-30 additional schools in Dorchester and South Boston thanks to a $7.9 million investment in theFiscal Year 2020 - 2024 Capital Planannounced by Mayor Walsh yesterday. Today's announcement was made alongside students, teachers, faculty and staff at the Kenny School, which will have a new kitchen built over the summer.My Way Cafe began as a pilot program at four schools in East Boston in the spring of 2017, and since then has expanded to29schools in East Boston, Roxbury, and Mattapan. The neighborhoods were selected based on data showing areas of the city with the highest need for better access to nutritious food. The program has been launched and operated in collaboration with the Shah Family Foundation."All young people in Boston deserve access to fresh, and delicious food to make sure they're healthy and able to do well in school," said Mayor Walsh. "My Way Cafe is a program that promotes students making healthy choices and receiving the nutrition they need to help them focus on their education. I am proud that this public-private partnership is making a big difference in the health and food habits of our students across the city."Schools are being retrofitted with new kitchens to become My Way Cafes, which provides the ability to cook and serve food on-site for students.With two-thirds of Boston's public schools constructed before World War II at a time when students often walked home for lunch, many school buildings do not currently cook food on-site and instead provide prepackaged meals."As we begin to modernize our school buildings across the district, the expansion of My Way Cafe provides us a strong investment in our future," said Boston School Committee Chairperson Michael Loconto. "It's important that we continue to plan to support our students in all facets of their school experience, which includes taking care of their basic needs."One of the hallmarks of My Way Cafe is that all students have a choice in what type of meal they would like to eat. My Way Cafe offers deconstructed meals, meaning the main ingredients of the meal are separated and students choose which food items they would like on their plate. There are also various options to better reflect students' cultures and nutritional requirements.My Way Cafe menu items are tailored to meet the taste buds of young students while using clean labels and natural ingredients. Somemenu itemsthis month include beef and black bean tacos, egg frittata with turkey sausage, and pulled barbecue chicken along with daily offerings of entree-sized salads, turkey and cheese sandwiches, and Sunbutter and jelly sandwiches. "So many of our students rely on school lunch as their only well-rounded meal of the day," said BPS Interim Superintendent Laura Perille. "It's crucial that we are not only providing students the best nutrition possible, but building in healthy eating habits by providing an element of choice."Since 2014, BPS has provided meals to all students free of charge. The BPS Food and Nutrition Services Department, which has about 500 employees, provides about 21,000 breakfast meals, 35,000 lunch meals, and 5,000 after-school meals per day, serving nearly 11 million meals per year."The Shah Family Foundation is thrilled that My Way Cafe is continuing to expand to more BPS schools," said Jill Shah, president of the Shah Family Foundation. "As My Way Cafe provides more and more students access to fresh and delicious food, it is helping students make lifetime healthy habits and ensure that they're successful in school."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the garage at 25 Doris Street in Dorchester, MA 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on May 4, 2019.
In partnership with Mayor Walsh's SPARK council and Bostons Office For Womens Advancement, The Future of Childcare Challenge brings together individuals from a variety of professional sectors to discuss the crisis around the high cost of childcare. The event takes place on April 27in the form of a panel of speakers and Challenge/Hackathon", where participants propose ideas and prizes are awarded at the end for the most effective solutions to the childcare crisis. This Challenge invites community members, creative thinkers, entrepreneurs, students, businesses  anyone  to submit an Entry to address the childcare affordability and access crisis in Boston. Propose an idea drawing on at least one of the five pillars: Your Entry must relate to the childcare affordability andaccessibility crisis, and must fall within at least one of the five pillars: Childcare Affordability, Childcare Accessibility, Supporting Childcare Provider Professional Development, Employers Best Practices for Parents/Guardians, and Legislation Impacting Childcare. Your solution should be accessible to diverse populations (different economic means, rural/urban/suburban, race, culture, gender, etc.). Your novel ideas, resources, and technologies should encourage collaboration between policymakers, employers and parents and guardians. Entries are non-confidential and must introduce Entrants solution and expertise. Entry attachments may be submitted in .pdf, .xls, .xlsx, .doc, docx, .ppt, or .pptx formats. Links to publicly available online videos (e.g., YouTube) can be included in your Entry. Entries must be submitted to sparkboston@boston.gov by May 27, 2019 at 11:59 p.m.A description of proposed solution or technology, including:
Nearly three years after launching Boston.gov, were still working to bring over some of our old, legacy systems. One of those is our My Neighborhood Resources tool. While its a bit old and outdated, the app is still very useful, serving up info for residents based on their addresses. And, its well overdue for a Boston.gov makeover.With the help of one of our summer fellows, we were able to do some research into the application and the type of users interested in it. While we had some initial prototypes, we werent able to test them as much as we wouldve liked with our users. Before we dove into the technical side of things, we wanted to make sure we were building an application that was easy to use and understand.We decided to leverage our relationship with General Assembly to work with a user experience cohort on prototyping new designs for the app. The blog post below was written by the students about how they prototyped designs for a new version of the app.At our kickoff meeting, the Digital Team asked us to redesign an address search application called My Neighborhood Resources. This application is hosted on the Citys old website, cityofboston.gov. Before the team migrated the tool to the new City website, they wanted to make sure they were creating a user-focused application. The app gives residents information based on a property or location of interest in the City. We felt inspired by the idea of helping thousands of City residents quickly find nearby resources and services on Boston.gov.Our task was to build upon research and testing previously done by a former summer fellow at the City of Boston, and provide some closer-to-final designs. We were specifically asked to think through what information  and how much of that information  should be displayed after an address search.At first, we reviewed the initial research done on the app. To better understand the existing design work and get a baseline for our work, we also analyzed the original My Neighborhood tool. We noticed several areas that needed improvement:Now that we had a better understanding of the common issues users run into with the app, it was time to brainstorm and ideate. At General Assembly, we learned about Design Studio, a method of trying out many design ideas in a very short amount of time. We decided to take that approach with this project.During Design Studio, a team chooses one piece of the design  such as the search bar  and each member of the team has one or two minutes to sketch as many versions of it as they can. Then, one by one, the other members say what they like and do not like (in a nice way!) about each sketch, casting votes for their preferences. The elements with the highest totals are kept, and the others are discarded.For our Design Studio, we considered how two elements should look:To make sure we always keep our users needs in focus, we work by the mantra, I am not my user. Testing apps with users is essential. We want to make sure they are able to find what they need and receive information when they need it. We never want to assume that our design solution is the right one until we have plenty of users confirm our product is, in fact, easy-to-use.In that spirit, we transferred our designs to InVision. This software is used by designers to create an interactive environment for testers. We may not have all the intricacies of a full-fledged application. But, we can get an idea of how users will engage with that application. In the end, we did six total rounds of user testing with 29 participants.With the test app ready, we hit the streets with our phones to find people who were willing to try it out.On the landing page  where users would need to enter an address  we placed icons for different search categories. We thought these icons would inspire confidence by giving users a sense of what to expect after they entered an address.Users, over and over, tapped the icons instead of entering an address. Since the main action required of users was to enter their address, we needed to more directly lead them to do this. In other words, we had to simplify the design and not create a situation where they needed to think.To make the search field more visible, we decided to delete the icons. After identifying and removing the main obstacle to use the app, we added color to make the app look more like a finished product. By aligning our design with the City of Bostons brand, we thought users would feel even more willing to use the app.For the next round of testing, we set up ourselves up at City Hall near the Registry and Parking Clerk offices. We waited until residents finished whatever they came to City Hall to do before asking if they would be willing to give us some feedback.If I have low eyesight, italicized text would be a little hard to read.Comment from a userDuring this round of testing, some initial feedback we heard was around folks having trouble reading the text. Obviously, we want this app to be used by as many residents as possible, so accessibility issues were a top priority. To make the text easier to read, we increased the width of the category tab to add space, and changed the type from italics to regular.With our last round of edits made, we went out back out into the community again, this time to the Boston Public Librarys Chinatown branch. We received great feedback from residents dropping off books, or just hanging out on their lunch break.Would be nice if it links to Google Maps or a map in general.Comment from user during testingThroughout our testing, users told us that they expected to see and use maps in the app. At this point, the use of GPS and navigation has become ubiquitous with modern applications. With that in mind, we decided to mark where map links would appear in the search results by highlighting the text in blue.Up to this point, wed taken a mobile-first approach to our designs. Its a lot easier to work on the kinks on mobile and then transfer that experience to larger screens than vice versa. With many rounds of testing on mobile under our belts, we felt comfortable working on new designs for laptop and desktop screens.The major difference, of course, is that laptop and desktop screens allow more space to be creative with different features. In one sense, this is can be liberating. However, the reflexive decision to just add more can also be dangerous. Too much noise prevents users from getting things done.I want to jump around the page.Comment from user during testingWe returned to City Hall one last time for an intensive afternoon of testing. When testing our designs on desktop screens, we noticed users getting stuck. When they ended up on a part of the page where they needed to backtrack by scrolling, they often felt trapped. To address this, we added a sticky navigation bar at the top of the page. This feature gives users the option to jump from one section to another no matter where they are on the page.Helping to redesign the My Neighborhood app for the City of Boston was an absolute pleasure and privilege for our team. We hope our work helps to make Boston.gov a little easier for its users to navigate, and a little more delightful, too.General Assembly offers accelerated courses for in-demand skills in tech. The students we worked with were part of the Winter 2019 User Experience Design Immersive. Their work on the neighborhood resources application was a final project that they completed over three weeks. We are incredibly grateful for their participation with us, professionalism, and actionable findings. The students who took part in the project were Matt Weston, Elle Troeger, Weinan Li, and Rick Aborn.
Boston residents and visitors will soon find it even easier to recycle right, thanks to a new public education campaign and efforts to expand recycling in city parks, households and in public spaces. Boston was recently selected as one of seven U.S. communities to receive a $250,000 grant for a community recycling pilot program from The Coca-Cola Foundation. This grant will support the Fund for Parks and Recreation in Boston and build on the City's ongoing efforts to improve access to recycling and encourage better recycling behaviors through how-to guides, informational materials and signage in multiple languages, website resources and mobile apps."When we look at the opportunities we have to reduce waste in Boston, increasingeducation and awareness about trash reduction and proper recycling is a top priority," saidMayor Martin J. Walsh. "We are proud to partner with The Coca-Cola Foundation on aprogram that encourages residents and visitors to recycle right and furthers Boston's zero-waste goals.The pilot program will bring recycling bins, signage and collection services to City parks to further expand the reach of recycling services in areas with high foot traffic.The City will soon receive 75 new recycling bins through the Keep America Beautiful/Coca-Cola Public Spaces Recycling Bin Grant Program and will start collecting recyclable items in parks in the Dorchester and Mattapan neighborhoods this summer. Harambee Park and Franklin Park will be among the first parks that benefit from new recycling infrastructure."Our goal is to make it easier for people to recycle when they are out enjoying theCity's natural resources," said Chris Cook, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Spaces. "In addition to increasing access to recycling in parks, we are introducing recycling at all special events and creating new Zero Waste guidance for park permit holders. Through this pilot program we're striving to collect at least 50,000 pounds of recyclable material, and in theprocess gather best practices for measurably improving recycling that can be scaled across the City."Another goal of the program is to test and learn how to improve recycling in Boston HousingAuthority properties, in the pilot communities of Dorchester and Mattapan through educationalefforts and incentives. Focusing on these neighborhoods for new public space and householdrecycling initiatives will enable the City to evaluate techniques and determine the rightcombination of recycling access and education, public space bin placement and other infrastructure improvements that can serve as a model for the rest of the city."We hope this recycling pilot in Boston serves as a catalyst to drive increased recycling ratesand help Boston achieve its ambitious objective of becoming a Zero-Waste city," said HelenSmith Price, president of The Coca-Cola Foundation. "The Coca-Cola Foundation places apriority on helping communities become more sustainable by supporting innovative recycling solutions at a local level."The City of Boston also encourages residents to utilize tools like the City's free "Trash Day" app. The app enables Boston residents to search a directory of hundreds of household items to find out the right way to dispose of them while on the go or at home. App users can also view a calendar for their home's collection dates, set reminders and get notifications of schedule changes.Most recently the City launched a new citywide education campaign to encourage residents torecycle right. New signage and online materials will help Boston residents better understand what items are acceptable and what cannot be recycled, what kind of containers can be used to recycle, and when events are held for disposing of items like paint and motor oil or hazardous waste. The new campaign builds on the success of the recent "Bring Your Own Bag" campaign, which encourages residents to bring reusable bags when shopping in Boston becauseplastic bags are no longer allowed in retail stores. Last year, the City commissioned an advisory committee to develop recommendations for a zero waste plan for Boston and expects that process to be completed soon. The City's progress to date is an important milestone in reducing citywide greenhouse gas emissions and becoming carbon neutral by 2050.
Building on his commitment to ensuring long-term prosperity and opportunity in all of Boston's neighborhoods, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced $2.78 billion in capital investments over the next five years. The$2.78 billion FY20-24 Capital Planis how the City makes critical investments in the City's capital assets, including schools, roads, bridges, bike lanes, libraries, and more. This year's plan includes renewed public housing in Charlestown, revitalized parks in Dorchester, transportation improvements in Allston-Brighton, school improvements across the city, and fulfills Mayor Walsh's commitment to dedicating over 10 percent of new city funding toward climate resilient projects. This plan ensures the municipal, civic and open space assets that residents cherish in their neighborhoods will remain active and vibrant parts of the community for years to come."This budget makes historic investments in public assets like schools, roads, bridges, parks, and libraries," said Mayor Walsh. "This is a budget with a big heart. It reflects our best values: our belief that every single person is worthy of dignity and hope and opportunity. It's going to improve quality of life in all our neighborhoods, and it will continue to generate opportunities for our residents for generations to come. I thank each and every person who helped to guide this vision through Imagine Boston 2030 that has led to these important investments."Mayor Walsh's $2.78 billion FY20-24 Capital Plan will make critical investments in the City's infrastructure in every Boston neighborhood, guided byImagine Boston 2030and related plans for schools, streets, arts, climate and resilience.This year, under the Imagine Boston 2030 umbrella, an estimated 86 percent of the investments in the FY20-24 Capital Plan are aligned with the City-wide planning efforts. More than 14,000 residents have shaped Imagine Boston 2030 by setting goals for the city by 2030, and generating ideas about policies and investments to help achieve these goals. Together, these initiatives support Boston's dynamic economy and improve the quality of life for residents by encouraging affordability, increasing access to opportunity, promoting a healthy environment, and guiding investment in the public realm.Highlights from Boston's FY20-24 Capital Plan include:EducationMayor Walsh has committed $1 billion over 10 years to bring Boston's school buildings into the 21st century. This capital plan supports that investment with funding for 21st century classrooms, Massachusetts School Building Authority (MSBA) Accelerated Repair Program (ARP) partnerships, completion of ongoing maintenance projects, school kitchen renovations that support the delivery of fresh, nutritious food, and reserves for future projects identified by BuildBPS community engagement. Through a dedication of City capital funds and a strong working relationship with the MSBA, the plan will more than double the capital spending on BPS facilities over the next decade. The FY20-24 Capital Plan will invest $543 million in BPS projects. Mayor Walsh's FY20-24 Capital Plan implements early action BuildBPS initiatives and reserves funding for projects identified by the BuildBPS engagement process.Boston has also successfully ramped up its efforts to leverage MSBA ARP dollars to provide much needed improvements to its schools. This summer, construction will be underway at five schools to replace boilers, roofs and windows. Altogether, these projects represent an investment totaling $14.9 million, with $9.3 million supported by a grant from the MSBA. The Mayor's Capital Plan sets aside an additional $33 million over five years to position Boston to further leverage MSBA ARP dollars in the future.This Capital Plan allows Boston to invest in BPS projects already in the pipeline:The $35.6 million renovation of the Eliot School at 585 Commercial Street will be completed by September.$1 million budgeted for the development of a building program and design for a grade 7-12 school at the McCormack School building.Feasibility studies will begin this year for the Josiah Quincy Upper School (JQUS) and the Carter School projects, in partnership with the MSBA.HousingThe City is investing heavily through a variety of resources in preserving and creating affordable housing. The City is already leveraging other resources like theCommunity Preservation Actto support new housing across the City, and Mayor Walsh's FY20-24 Capital Plan is filling the gap created by federal reductions in public housing support. This year's plan provides a $30 million investment to improve the quality of Boston Housing Authority's affordable public housing. This investment in the Boston Housing Authority Charlestown project will preserve and improve hundreds of deeply affordable units in the coming years.Boston is also building on its commitment to expand access to affordable housing opportunities and combating chronic homelessness in Boston. As part of the FY20 operating budget, earlier this month Mayor Walsh announced$20.6 million in City fundsto support housing efforts as part of the Mayor's Fiscal Year 2020 (FY20) operating budget proposal.The City investments to sustain and expand its housing goals represent an increase of approximately $6.4 million, or 45 percent, in the FY20 operating budget for housing over last year. Five million dollars of this investment will be generated by implementing the Commonwealth's new Room Occupancy Excise Law, in accordance with the City's local ordinances. The Department of Neighborhood Development's total budget also includes $64.9 million from external grants and $20.1 million in anticipated spending from the Inclusionary Development Program.Recovery ServicesOver the past six years, Mayor Walsh has consistently increased resources to those facing substance use disorders and in need of addiction supports, including creating the first municipal office dedicated to address addiction and recovery, the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services (ORS). Next year, the City will grow the Office of Recovery Services by 35 percent over its FY19 appropriation so that they can more effectively provide support to those in need of their services. This investment will include new staff, new technology and additional Mobile Sharp pickup improvements. The Mobile Sharps Team, expanded in an FY16 investment, picks up over 50,000 needles a year.The FY20-24 Capital Plan dedicates more than $80 million to rebuild theLong Island Bridge.The City has also allocated $2 million in funding over the past two years for planning the recovery campus that will be housed on the island.Opened in August 2017,Bostons Engagement Centerhas served as a vital service and lifeline for those suffering from addiction and homelessness. Since August 2017, over 400,000 guests have accessed the Engagement Center. In FY20, the City will continue its work to make the Engagement Center permanent with an investment of nearly $500,000.StreetsThe City has a plan to radically improve the ways, speed and safety of moving around the City. Go Boston 2030 plans a city with streets and sidewalks that are safer, travel that is more reliable and predictable, and quality transportation choices that improve access and interconnect neighborhoods for all modes of travel. To achieve this, the FY20-24 Capital Plan continues to mobilize transformational funding for transportation projects across the City, in addition to itssignificant operating budget investments.The FY20-24 Capital Plan makes large scale investments in roads, sidewalks, bike corridors, intersections, bridges, streetlights and other critical infrastructure. This plan embodies the City's commitment to achieve a state of good repair on all major city assets and create a safe, reliable and accessible transportation system for all residents.The plan includes a number of new projects and annual programs, like the reconstruction of the Commonwealth Avenue and Harvard Avenue intersection in Allston and additional funding for the citywide Green Links program. The Commonwealth Avenue intersection will feature plaza space, cycle tracks, and major safety enhancements, while the Green Links program will deliver on the Go Boston 2030 goal to create a connected network of pedestrian and bicycle paths that expand access to the City's green open spaces. Overall, the City will invest $1.2 billion in its capital budget to ensure Boston's streets are safe, accessible, and equitable.Public SafetyEmergency Services:The FY20 budget includes another Community Assistance Team and additional resources so that EMS can advance their efforts to hire a diverse workforce. The FY20-24 Capital Plan allocates an additional $375,000 for design and construction of a new EMS garage with staff amenities in the Seaport district. Both investments will allow the City's services to transform and expand as the City's population does the same.Fire:The FY20 budget includes a significant technology investment in new equipment, including the replacement of eight fire trucks for a total of 48 over five years, the replacement of bio packs for tunnel rescue and a brush truck which enables the Boston Fire Department (BFD) to respond to woodland fires. These investments will help ensure BFD has the tools it needs to respond when called upon. The budget provides another year of funding for a $500,000 program to enable industrial-level cleaning of firehouses. Reducing cancer risk for firefighters and supporting firefighter health and safety is one of the Mayor's priorities.The FY20-24 Capital Plan will include other health and safety improvements to firehouse projects as a result of recent programming. Starting in FY16, the Fire Department, in conjunction with the Public Facilities Department, studied best practices for firehouse design. Key design changes include defined zones within the firehouse to prevent contamination of living areas, along with improved personal and gear cleaning facilities. The results of this planning are reflected in the replacement of firehouses for Engine 42 in Roxbury and Engine 17 in Dorchester, at a total investment of $48 million.In FY20, the study and design phase will start for replacing Engine 3 in the South End and Engine 37 on Huntington Avenue.Environment and Open SpaceThe City is at the forefront of recognizing and addressing the risks of climate change. In 2015, the City created its first climate action plan and during the summer of 2019 will release a new, updated version of the climate action plan. In 2016, the City added a comprehensive climate vulnerability analysis called Climate Ready Boston. Inspired by the Paris Agreement, the City raised its goal to be carbon neutral by 2050 and announced a $2 million investment to protect the City from rising sea levels and $45 million to make municipal buildings more resilient and energy efficient through the Renew Boston Trust. Since 2013, Boston has retained its title as the most "efficient city in the United States" as named by the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy.As part of the FY20 operating and FY20-24 Capital Plan, the City plans to maintain a position of leadership in climate preparedness. In late 2018, Mayor Walsh pledged that 10 percent of new revenue in the capital budget would go toward climate resiliency. In the FY20-24 Capital Plan these include investments in Fort Point -- an investment of $20 million that includes the design and implementation of a signature, climate resilient waterfront park along the Fort Point Channel -- Moakley Park, Climate Ready Boston Harbor and climate resilient investments in parks, open spaces and infrastructure across the City.At Franklin Park, long considered the crown jewel of Frederick Law Olmsted's Emerald Necklace park system, current projects like the Pathways project are complete. Master planning is also underway on the $23 million Franklin Park and $23 million Boston Common revitalization projects.The Moakley Park Master Plan project has also begun and design work will be funded beginning in FY20. This multi-use park will be designed with climate resilience at the forefront so that the entire City will be able to enjoy the park for years to come. At Harambee Park, Phase 1 is complete, Phase 2 is underway and Phase 3 will start design during FY20.Overall, the City is investing $313 million in improving parks in 17 neighborhoods.Arts and CultureThrough the FY20-24 Capital Plan, the City will commit $13.4 million to the Percent for Arts program, as this funding will help create more permanent public art in places like the Dudley Branch Library and the new Area A-7 Police Station in East Boston.The FY20 operating budget and FY20-24 Capital Plan significantly invests in construction and capital investments as well as additional books, programming, and community outreach to ensure the strength of local branches throughout Boston.The Library's FY20-24 Capital Plan continues to invest in revitalizing community branches throughout Boston. A number of capital projects will begin in FY20. These include: construction of a new $18.3 million Adams Street Branch Library a $10.2 million renovation project at the Roslindale Branch Library and programming studies for the West End and Codman Square. Additionally, a comprehensive $17.2 million building renovation will be completed at the Dudley Branch Library, a programming study for a new Fields Corner Branch Library will be finalized and a $15.7 million renovation project at the Central Library in Copley Square is underway now, to enhance preservation of historic special collections of rare books and manuscripts.About Imagine Boston 2030Mayor Walsh's FY20 continues to invest in preserving and creating a strong middle class, and creating opportunities for all those who live in Boston. The FY20 budget supports Boston's long-term plan,Imagine Boston 2030.Imagine Boston 2030 is Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years aimed at guiding growth to support Boston's dynamic economy and expand opportunity for all residents. The plan prioritizes inclusionary growth and puts forth a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood across the City. Shaped by the input of 15,000 residents who contributed their thoughts to the plan, Imagine Boston 2030 identifies five action areas to guide Boston's growth, enhancement and preservation, and is paired with a set of metrics that will evaluate progress and successes.For more information on the FY20 budget proposal, please visitbudget.boston.gov.
BOSTON - Tuesday, April 23, 2019 - Yesterday, Mayor Martin J. Walsh joined advocates and residents at Memorial Hall in Charlestown to celebrate more than $11 millionin Community Preservation Act (CPA) funding awarded to 35 historic preservation projects. After Boston adopted the CPA in 2016, the City created a Community Preservation Fund, which funds affordable housing, historic preservation, and open space and public recreation projects."In Boston, we are proud to be a city of history. When people around the world read about American history, they read about Boston," said Mayor Walsh. "Preserving history is not shutting it away somewhere, it's investing in the heart of a community. The three components of the Community Preservation Act -- affordable housing, open space, and historic preservation -- connect the past, present, and future of a community. In every one of those projects, we see not only history restored, but communities strengthened."The Community Preservation Fund is capitalized primarily by a one percent property tax-based surcharge on residential and business property tax bills that began in July 2017. Mayor Walsh and the City's Community Preservation Committee (CPC)most recently recommended 56 projects from all three categories, totaling more than $34 million, for inclusion in the fall funding round for the Community Preservation Act (CPA). The projects were approved by the City Council last month."Through investment, policy, and collective will we can maintain the walkable, human-scaled streetscapes that define our neighborhoods, give us a sense of place and identity, and draw millions of visitors, residents, and businesses to our city," said Alison Frazee, assistant director of the Boston Preservation Alliance. "The Community Preservation Act makes this work possible. As the first and only major funding source for historic preservation in the city, we are thrilled to see money going in the door of transformational projects like Memorial Hall.""Thanks to Mayor Walsh and the Community Preservation Committee, we will be able to return Memorial Hall to its former glory and continue to serve the veterans of Charlestown and our community," said Joseph Zuffante, president, Abraham Lincoln Post 11 of the Grand Army of the Republic.Included in Mayor Walsh's 2019 legislative agenda is "An Act to Sustain Community Preservation Revenue (H. 2463/S.1618)," filed by Representative Ann-Margaret Ferrante and Senator Cynthia Stone Creem. The bill would adjust the surcharge on fees for recording deeds to increase the State CPA match, protecting the Act that more than 170 cities and towns depend on for the creation of affordable housing, open space, and historic preservation. When municipalities voted to enact CPA, they did so with the promise of a substantial state match. This year, the match was just 19 percent, meaning that the CPA bill people voted for is no longer the same bill. The Massachusetts House of Representatives' proposed FY20 budget includes a meaningful increase in the State's CPA match. Mayor Walsh will continue to advocate for this needed investment throughout the state budget process. The following is a complete list of historic preservations projects awarded funds from the Community Preservation Fund in its first year:BACK BAYBEACON HILL$500,000 to preserve The Vilna Shul's exterior and make the cultural center accessible.BOSTON HARBORBRIGHTON$200,000 for a restoration project that will turn the Charles River Speedway buildings into a gathering space with dining facilities, retail shops, an outdoor plaza, and historic features.CHARLESTOWN$500,000 to restore the exterior of Memorial Hall, a 1791 mansion serving veterans and the larger community, and the home of John Adams' Secretary of War.CHINATOWN$290,000 to repair the exterior and prevent water damage in the Chinatown Immigrant Heritage Center at the old Josiah Quincy School, as well as $71,733 to restore the front entrance, stairs, and accessibility for the building.DORCHESTERDOWNTOWNEAST BOSTON$575,000 to restore the Nantucket Lightship, Boston's only floating museum.FENWAY$200,000 to restore the Johnson Gates and Westland Ave entrance paths to the Back Bay FensHYDE PARK$350,000 to repair the roof and exterior masonry features to stop water damage for the First Congregational Church of Hyde Park, now the Hyde Park Seventh-day Adventist Church.MISSION HILL$850,000 to Sociedad Latina to restore exterior features, bay windows, masonry, and roof for 1912 townhouse serving thousands of Latino youth.ROXBURYSOUTH BOSTON$307,000 to restore the gates and fence of St. Augustine's Cemetery.SOUTH ENDWEST END
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 64 Baxter Street in South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 29, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 92 and 94 W. 8th Street in South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 29, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the house at 192 Gladstone Street in East Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 29, 2019.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) have announced the release of the2019 BCYF Summer Grants RFP, inviting nonprofit youth-serving groups toapply for a grant of up to $5,000 to support fun, safe, enriching youth programming this summer. These grants will increase both the number and variety of programs serving youth and will ensure that youth across the City have access to activities and opportunities this summer."I am pleased to be able to offer this grant to support the innovative and engaging programming provided by our non-profit partners during the summer months," said Mayor Walsh. "Thousands of Boston's young people will have a great summer thanks to the agencies the BCYF Summer Grant supports."The grants will support summer programs in Boston neighborhoods. Ages to must range from 6-18 and may include young adults up to age 21. Programs must operate between July 8 and August 31. Last year, of the 58 programs that were awarded funding, 60% were art-based, educational or community and civic engagement opportunities and the remaining 40% had a sports, recreation, fitness or health-related focus. Over 80% of grantees provided specialized programs that incorporated educational components to youth about substance abuse, provided a therapeutic approach to accommodate youth impacted by trauma and provided an opportunity for meaningful youth summer employment."Even though BCYF offers hundreds of summer programs, we rely on our non-profit partners to join us in keeping Boston's youth happy, healthy and safe during the summer," said William Morales, Commissioner of BCYF. "I can't wait to review the variety of applications we will receive from all across the City.""This grant is so meaningful to Learn 2 Teach, Teach 2 Learn." said Dr. Susan Klimczak, Education Organizer at Learn 2 Teach, Teach 2 Learn. "The funds help us to provide STEAM activities that require special and more expensive components. This year, we encountered a price increase in some of the supplies we need to offer our STEAM activities. The increase would have put popular activities like our Solar Bobble Activity out of the reach of L2TT2L, which provides all our STEAM camps free of charge to the children and community organizations we serve. Thanks to the support from BCYF through the BCYF Summer Grant, we were able to offer this popular activity without interruption."The deadline to apply is 5 p.m. on Friday, May 3. For more information including the RFP, please visitBoston.Gov/BCYF-Summer-Grant.AboutBoston Centers for Youth and FamiliesBoston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Boston's largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program, the GIRLS Initiative, Camp Joy special needs program and many aquatic offerings.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture today announced the City of Boston is accepting applications for a second round of theArtist Fellowship Awardand a newProject Partnership Grant.Photos fromMichelle Fornabai's project (CreditAnne Piessens)"These two grant programs will allow us to better recognize local artists and their meaningful contributions to the City, as well as provide a new level of support for some of the City's most impactful and important cultural events," said Mayor Walsh. "This is an exciting moment for the City of Boston and another step forward in Boston's role as a city that champions and supports the arts."The Artist Fellowship Award invests in the advancement of mid-career artists living in Boston. This direct, unrestricted award aims to recognize exceptional original artistic work throughout the City, with the goal of helping recipients advance their careers and continue their work in Boston with success. Applications are due by Friday, May 17 at 5 p.m."To support individual artists is a stunningly beautiful act of trust as a city," said Michelle Fornabai, who developed a project at the Erich Lindemann Mental Health Center in which she placed a concrete poem in dialogue with Paul Rudolph's essay in concrete. "As an inaugural Boston Artist Fellow, I felt inspired to take risks and make works to match the profound generosity shown to me by the City of Boston. Working with the city of Boston as an artist, extraordinary things can happen in everyday life."The Artist Fellowship Award is part of the City's $200,000 FY20 investment in sustaining key grant making programs for individual artists. In addition, the City is investing $250,000 for the Boston Artist in Residence Program, providing operating funds for two full-time staff positions in the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, and investing an additional $400,000 to enhance the Boston Public Library and its local branches. These investments and the new City-funded grants will create a permanent long-lasting home for arts funding.The City of Boston will distribute five Artist Fellowship Awards of $10,000 each in 2019. Individual artists who work professionally in art disciplines, including but not limited to dance, music, theater, visual arts, poetry/fiction writing, interdisciplinary/performance art, and media arts may apply for the award. Applicants must be City of Boston residents, and applications submitted on behalf of an artist are welcome.Applicants will be evaluated on whether their work conveys rigor in their artistic practice, how their work stands out within their artistic discipline, and how well they show potential for them to advance in their creative practice. This year, the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture has chosen to focus on mid-career artists, and is looking for applications from this population. To see examples of what a mid-career artist could look like,click here.The Project Partnership Grant aims to elevate recurring events and programs that create opportunities for artists in Boston. Eligible projects may include arts or cultural programs, activations, annual cultural traditions, and community arts events. The City of Boston will offer three Project Partnership Grants in 2019, with a maximum grant of $10,000 each. In addition to the financial award, the City of Boston may provide assistance with event or program production, navigating permitting/licensing processes, and press and marketing efforts.Prioritized projects include those that amplify the work of artists from under-represented communities, including communities of color, LGBTQ communities, immigrant communities, people with disabilities, and others, as well as projects that highlight art traditions and disciplines that currently lack visibility in Boston."These programs really help us to act on our goal of celebrating and support diverse cultural expression across the City," said Kara Elliott-Ortega. "They will also provide us with the opportunity to illustrate the impact and necessity of continued investment in the arts in enhancing the City of Boston as a whole."In addition to these grants, the City of Boston announced earlier this year that221 organizations received Boston Cultural Council grantstotaling $487,000, making it the largest ever amount of funding distributed through this program. The City of Boston also continues to support individual artists through the Opportunity Fund, which provided over$190,000 to 198 artists in 2018.The City is continuing to support public art, with severalPercent for Art projectsunderway in Jamaica Plain, Roxbury, and East Boston. In March, the City also announced 10 projects that will improve public spaces have beenawarded grants totaling $809,500through the Edward Ingersoll Browne Trust Fund.The Project Partnership Grant is open to individual artists, art collectives, non-profits, producers, and curators, and all artistic disciplines are welcome. The project must occur before July 1, 2020.The deadline to apply for both the Artist Fellowship Award and the Project Partnership Grant is Friday, May 17 at 5 p.m. To learn more about the Artist Fellowship award, visithere. To learn more about the Project Partnership Grant, visithere.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information,click here.
BNBL is the oldest municipal basketball league in the country serving young men and women in three divisions each for boys and girls: 13 and under 15 and under and 18 and under.Encompassing recreation, sports, and community engagement, BNBLs real value is in helping make Boston happier and safer in the summer months by providing a physical outlet for youngsters throughout the city. Over 1,500 players on 150 teams will participate in this years league at 20 sites throughout the city. BNBL is played at Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) community centers and selected city parks. The 2019 BNBL season ends with the championship games played in mid-August. You can register online for BNBL.BNBL also offers a free Pee Wee Developmental Program for boys and girls ages 6 to 11 offered at various locations across the city in Dorchester, Mattapan, Roslindale, South Boston, West Roxbury, and Roxbury. This program teaches young players the basics of basketball in a fun and non-competitive setting. Registration for Pee Wee BNBL is done on-site at the Pee Wee locations.For more information, please email Charlie Conners atCharles.Conners@boston.govor call 617-961-3093.
The City of Boston has launched a registration portal for lobbyists in Boston. Signed into law by Mayor Martin J. Walsh in September 2018, Boston's municipal lobbying ordinance aims to further promote good governance and transparency in the City of Boston, and requires lobbyists, lobbyist entities and lobbying clients to register with the Boston City Clerk's Office. Also in 2019, there will be two disclosure statement reporting requirements with: a statement due on or before July 20, 2019, and a statement due on or before October 20, 2019. Additional information and registration fees areavailable online.Starting April 16, lobbyists, lobbyist entities, and their clients must register with the City Clerk's Office each year. They also need to file disclosure statements four times each calendar year. Registration isavailable on boston.gov."After years of effort and negotiations from when I first filed these reforms, I am proud that the City Council has worked with my administration to pass an ordinance creating a system that brings transparency and accountability to municipal lobbying for the first time," said Mayor Walsh. "This ordinance will help the City of Boston continue to meet the high expectations of transparency and accountability that Boston's residents expect and deserve." The ordinance specifies that each person or entity that qualifies as a lobbyist, lobbying entity or lobbying client shall register within 10 days after so qualifying with the City Clerk. On or before the 20th day of January, April, July and October of each year, those who register under the municipal lobbying ordinance must also file a lobbying report.In addition to registration and filing deadlines, the ordinance also creates a City-level enforcement commission, to help ensure compliance with the ordinance. The Mayor's three appointees to the commission are attorneys Stephanie Everett of Mattapan and Sammy Nabulsi of Roxbury, and Vivien Li, former president of The Boston Harbor Association. The remainder of the commission is made up of the City Clerk or her designee, and the President of the City Council or her designee.This lobbying registration further supports Mayor Walsh's work to ensure open and transparent governance in the City of Boston. Work to ensure transparency includes Boston's open data set portal,Analyze Boston, which provides frequently-requested data sets and information to Boston residents. Earlier this month, Mayor Walsh released hisfiscal year 2020 budget, building on Boston's AAA bond rating and using Boston's economic success to create more opportunities for all neighborhoods and all residents.
Summer is coming and Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is pleased to announce that the City of Bostons two outdoor pools, the BCYF Clougherty Pool in Charlestown and the BCYF Mirabella Pool in the North End are opening for the season on Saturday, June 22. These pools, along with 16 pools open year round, are operated by BCYF, the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency.BCYF Clougherty Pool rates for the entire season: Adults (20 - 54): $15 Youth and teens ages 12 - 19 Free Adults (55 and older) and Active Military (with ID): Free. Children under age 8 must be accompanied by an adult in the water at all times. Memberships are available now at the BCYF Charlestown Community Center, 255 Medford Street, Charlestown or at the pool beginning June 22.BCYF Mirabella rates for the entire season: Adults (20-61): $20 Teens (13-19): $10 Youth and Seniors (ages 6-12, adults 62+): $5 Youth under 6 and Active Military (with ID): Free. The rates are double for non-Boston residents. There are no day or guest passes. Memberships will be available beginning on May 13 at the BCYF Nazzaro Community Center, 30 North Bennet Street in the North End or at the pool beginning June 22. Money orders are the only accepted method of payment.Also opening June 22 is the Citys Family Friendly Beach at the BCYF Curley Community Center in South Boston. The beach will also be open seven days a week and offers families access to an enclosed stretch of beach on Boston Harbor, restrooms with changing tables, picnic tables with umbrellas, outdoor showers, beach game equipment, and wifi. Membership for the beach for the entire season is $5 and are available June 1 at the K Street entrance of the center.The outdoor pools and beach will remain open seven days a week until Labor Day. All locations will have experienced, certified lifeguards on duty. BCYF Curley facilities are accessible for people with disabilities and both outdoor pools are equipped with lifts from the deck into the water. For programming information, the membership application, and hours of operation, visit Boston.Gov/BCYF.
Council President Campbell explained that the purpose of the ordinance is to be proactive by mandating a review of precincts. All municipalities in the state, except for Boston, are required to undertake reprecincting every 10 years, redrawing boundary lines to equalize the population within wards and precincts. Because of Bostons exemption, reprecincting has not happened in 90 years, and some precincts have several thousand voters, while others have just a few hundred.The committee would be required to examine certain factors as outlined in the proposal which include: population shifts, development in neighborhoods, impact of precinct size on polling locations, staffing, and election day operations.
Councilor Janey, who filed the resolution said, The City Council has been very active in advocating for workers As someone who has been a strong advocate for education in this City, I know how important it is to [listen to] the voices of educators who are trying to support our students.Unions have historically helped bring economic and social democracy to the City of Boston. Providing full-time faculty with greater freedom to form unions will allow them to better serve their students, with the added security of academic freedom and job protections.
"Were not going to have officers of the Boston Police Department working with ICE to pick someone up for a civil immigration violation when theres no other crime involved, said Councilor Zakim in regards to the 17F Information Request he filed to the Administration, requesting information regarding communications between the Boston Police Department (BPD) and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE).The information request allows Councilors to request written responses from the Mayor, and asks for:The Council voted to approve this request.
On November 23, 2018, the federal government issued a comprehensive climate study that made clear how urgent action over the next 12 years is needed by Congress to avert catastrophic damage to the planet.During this weeks Council meeting, the Council voted (9-3, one Councilor absent) to pass a resolution in support of H.Res 109 and S.Res 59 "A Resolution Recognizing the duty of the Federal Government to create a Green New Deal." A Green New Deal presents a 10-year plan to mobilize every aspect of American society to 100 percent clean and renewable energy by 2030, a guaranteed living-wage job for anybody who needs one, and a just transition for both workers and frontline communities.To achieve these goals, the plan calls for efforts such as providing funding for community-based solutions to climate change, removing pollution and greenhouse gas emissions from industry as much as is technologically feasible, maximizing water and energy efficiency in new buildings, retrofitting existing buildings, and more.
The Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA) Board of Directors has approved a citywide zoning text amendment that would allow owner occupants to carve out space within their homes to create smaller, independent rental units, known as Additional Dwelling Units (ADUs). In accordance with Mayor Martin J. Walsh'sHousing A Changing City, ADUs will increase affordable housing options, create safer living arrangements and support multigenerational family arrangements and opportunities for aging in place. ADUs provide an opportunity to use existing infrastructure to achieve the City of Boston's housing goals.Last week, Mayor Walsh announced funding for the expansion of the ADU program as part of his Fiscal Year (FY20) budget recommendations.This $650,000 investment will provide zero-interest loans for income-eligible homeowners.The approval of the zoning amendment follows a successful 18-month ADU pilot program in the Jamaica Plain, Greater Mattapan and East Boston Neighborhood Districts. As of February 2019, 55 applications have been filed with the Inspectional Services Department (ISD) for ADUs and 12 permits have been issued. The majority of applications - 88 percent - have been for basement conversions."We must be innovative and think creatively in order to accomplish our goals of providing more affordable housing options for those that want to live here," said Mayor Walsh. "Additional Dwelling Units are an important part of our efforts to create additional housing for our growing population while ensuring that our residents have the opportunity to stay in their homes."An ADU is one self-contained, non-transient residential living unit providing complete independent living facilities incorporated entirely within the footprint of the existing, owner occupied residential structure. The residential structure cannot contain more than three dwelling units. The program will not apply to the Downtown and Downtown Waterfront neighborhoods that fall within the Base Code Zoning.The City of Boston will provide homeowners interested in building an ADU with additional resources, including:"Boston's housing crisis cannot be solved through the creation of new units in bulk alone. The City must also find ways to evolve our 19th century residential fabric to meet the needs of its 21st century occupants," said Matthew Littell, Principal of Utile Inc and Northeastern lecturer whose class aided with initial research on ADUs. "ADUs can provide the flexibility to support not only a growing population, but a more diverse and vulnerable one. Allowing homeowners more freedom to adapt their existing homes to changing needs sets the stage for long term preservation of neighborhoods that continue to struggle with the pressures of Boston's unprecedented growth."Under the text amendment, an ADU shall be an allowed use where it may be otherwise conditional or forbidden, provided that it is the addition of no more than one dwelling unit to the existing structure. The additional unit must meet building and safety code requirements and be registered in accordance with Ch. 9-1.3 of the City of Boston Rental Registry Ordinance at the time of conversion.The approval of ADUs is a joint effort by the Mayor's Housing Innovation Lab at the Department of Neighborhood Development, the Inspectional Services Department (ISD) and the BPDA. The amendment also requires the approval of the Boston Zoning Commission.This approval continues Mayor Walsh's commitment to preserving and expanding Boston's affordable housing, ensuring all families who wish to live in Boston can. Last month, Mayor Walsh and the City's Community Preservation Committee recommended 56 projects, totaling more than $34 million, for inclusion in the fall funding round for the Community Preservation Act. In 2018, Mayor Walsh increased the City's overall housing targets from 53,000 to 69,000 new units by 2030, including 15,820 income-restricted units, to meet Boston's population growth. These income-restricted units will include purchasing 1,000 rental housing units from the speculative market and income-restricting them through an expanded Acquisition Opportunity Program.
The City owns and operates the William J. Devine Golf Course in Dorchester and the George Wright Golf Course in Hyde Park designed by Donald Ross. Both have received national accolades as must-play courses when golfing in the Boston area. Golfers can access information on rates, season permits, monthly specials and tournaments and book tee times online. For updates, the Citys golf courses can be followed on Twitter @FranklinParkGC and @GeorgeWrightGC.In 2018, the City of Boston courses were recognized with the 110th playing of the Massachusetts Amateur Championship contested over five days at both the George Wright and the William J. Devine and the Massachusetts Womens Amateur Championship and Presidents Cup held over four days at the George Wright. The unprecedented move was the first time in state history that either a mens or womens amateur golf championship was held at a public municipal course.Founded in 1938, the 18-hole par 70 Donald Ross-designed George Wright Golf Course is a hidden gem in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Boston open seven days a week through November. The clubhouse will continue their popular acoustic music series this summer on the outdoor patio. Contact PGA Professional Scott Allen at 617-364-2300 for more information.The second-oldest public golf course in America and part of the historic Emerald Necklace, the William J. Devine Golf Course at Franklin Park in Dorchester offers a pleasant golf experience only minutes from downtown Boston and is open year-round, weather permitting. A new patio overseeing the golf course and a new roof are two of this seasons enhancements. The new outdoor patio will also feature new chairs, tables, and umbrellas with seating for up to 100 people.Contact PGA Professional Kevin Frawley at 617-265-4084 for more information.
The Digital Team always advocates the importance of accessibility in design. Our goal is to meet AA compliance, based on the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines from the organization that sets web standards.While we strive to meet that mark  and thought we were  an email that the Citys Disabilities Commission received from a constituent alerted us to the fact that we were falling short when it came to our use of colors. Thanks to some minor tweaks to our pattern library, we were able to create a more accessible experience for our users.Weve always relied on input from the people who use our digital tools, and this case was no different. A subscriber to the Disabilities Commission newsletter reported having trouble reading links through our newsletter system. When a Disabilities staff member dug deeper, they found that the problem was stemming from our colors and styling. They were not meeting the color contrast ratio set for accessible text.Fortunately, we have our digital branding in a pattern library that guides the styling and colors across our digital tools and Boston.gov. With our design specifications housed in this central location, we knew we could review the necessary changes and consequences more easily. We decided to take a step back and revisit all of the colors used in our brand guidelines to make sure we were meeting our digital accessibility goals.The Digital Team has been fortunate to have a great partner in IDEO. Aside from designing Boston.gov, theyve also been there for us when we need someone to bounce ideas off of. We put together an impromptu brainstorming session with them to figure out the best way to move forward. We were excited to include industry experts as we worked to resolve this issue.On certain background colors, we just werent meeting the minimum standard for color contrast ratios. We found issues with two main colors on the site:They were problematic in certain uses of our secondary colors for text. For example, if we used an Optimistic Blue color on Pale Gray or our Charles River Blue background, it wouldnt actually provide the level of contrast required.Thanks to some initial research by one of our software engineers, we were able to create a baseline that nearly matched our original colors while meeting AA compliance. The basic idea we came up with was to create light and dark options for everything. Depending on the background-color, wed switch between the light and dark versions to make text more readable.Our IDEO colleagues helped us put together a color palette on the fly. They broke down all of our options for text color based on our background colors. If you check out our color palette, youll see whats acceptable.We tinkered with our initial new colors until we came up with the options you see above. With our new hex codes, we updated our pattern library to make the changes on Boston.gov. Were now in the process of updating the rest of our digital tools, including our newsletter system, to make sure theyre also as accessible as possible.One change you should be seeing soon on Boston.gov is an underline for all of our inline text links. Contrast is important, but underlines add another helpful distinguishing factor for those who struggle with colors. We want to make it clear what you can and cant click on the site. As always, well continue to pay attention to W3C updates and recommendations for web accessibility. If youre interested in web accessibility, Google has some great guides on best practices.We know were not perfect. Theres always going to be something we can make better. Thats true whether its design, content, or technology. The important thing is that we keep our eyes and ears open to potential opportunities for improvement and change. Boston.gov and all of our digital tools are an ongoing effort. Thats why your feedback is so critical to our process. If you see something you think is wrong, or have an idea for ways we can make our tools better, please email us at feedback@boston.gov.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today presented hisFiscal Year 2020 (FY20) budget proposal, a plan that prioritizes investments in innovative approaches to delivering high-quality and equitable services for residents, and upholds the City's strong record of proactive fiscal management. Guided by a commitment to ensure equity and opportunity for all Boston residents, the $3.48 billion plan supports the Walsh Administration's commitment to a responsible, balanced and bold budget, with increased investments in early childhood education, affordable housing, climate preparedness, recovery services, public safety and economic opportunity.The FY20 budget not only strives to improve the lives of residents next year, it also proposes bold long-term investments that will realize benefits for decades and ensures that Boston remains a City of opportunity for the future."Boston's budget sets forward a blueprint for the values that matter: creating opportunity, ensuring equity and working towards a better Boston for all residents," said Mayor Walsh. "I'm proud our strong fiscal management will continue to allow us to invest in the future of our city, and growing our middle class. By investing in our future, we'll strengthen our city for all who live here, and for our future generations to come." The FY20 budget represents a $166 million increase, or five percent, over FY19, and makes strategic investments in improving the quality of life for residents of Boston. This includes new investments of $6.4 million, or 45 percent increase in City-funded housing efforts -- overall, next year Boston will spend $125 million on housing. This also includes $15 million to achieve universal, high-quality pre-Kindergarten for all four-year-olds in Boston $4 million in walkable streets investments and over $500,000 in expanding economic pathways for all residents."Our FY20 budget turns policy into action, and planning into results," said Emme Handy, Boston's Chief Financial Officer. "Through Mayor Walsh's leadership, Boston has focused on disciplined fiscal management, controlling our liabilities, and creative revenue measures that will deliver new services this year. Boston's financial health is strong and will allow us to invest in Boston's long-term prosperity.""The operating budget and capital plan remain rooted in fiscal responsibility and ensure the City remains a good steward of public resources," said Justin Sterritt, Boston's Budget Director. "City departments continue to exhibit responsible spending, cost containment efforts, data-based decision making, proactive fiscal management and long-term planning. The City recently retained its AAA bond rating for the fifth year in a row, and this shared sense of fiscal responsibility will ensure the City maintains that rating into the future."While the City has a growing tax revenue base, the City continues to find efficiencies and prioritizes investing in innovative solutions to provide world-class City services. The FY20 budget includes over $24 million in savings from areas like Health Insurance, Energy efficiencies and other operational savings.High-Quality Education for All StudentsThere is no better reflection of Mayor Walsh's commitment to equal opportunity than the City's continued strong investment in public education. Over the past six years Boston has grown annual public education spending at the Boston Public Schools (BPS) and charter schools by over $300 million. Boston's most recentBPS budget includes $1.139 billionto support high-quality education for all BPS students, Boston's largest-ever school budget.This overall level of investment of $1.139 billion is not only at historic levels, but represents a 25 percent increase in per-student funding, up to over $20,000 per year. Next year alone, funding for public education will grow by more than $63 million over FY19. In addition, this investment has come at a time when state aid for public schools has fallen, and 97 percent of our public education investment has come from local revenue.This year, Mayor Walsh continues his strong commitment to creating quality public education for all with a$15 million investment in a quality pre-Kindergarten fund. The"Quality Pre-K Fund"will guarantee equitable access to free, high-quality pre-K for all 4-year-olds living in Boston within five years.Investments in education in Boston include:Creating and Preserving Affordable HousingThe FY20 budget includesinvestments towards the production of new housing, preservation of existing affordable housing, and protection of households most at risk. The budget includes funding for the expansion of theAdditional Dwelling Units (ADUs)program by allowing the City to provide no-interest loans for income-eligible homeowners who are interested in carving out space within their homes to create smaller, independent units to rent. This program develops more naturally occurring affordable housing options while creating rental income for homeowners.In an effort to preserve Boston's housing stock while providing economic opportunities for residents and temporary accommodations for visitors,Mayor Walsh signed an ordinance in 2018 establishing guidelines to better track and regulate short-term rentals in the City of Boston. In his FY20 budget proposal, Mayor Walsh is allocating new funds to the Boston's Inspectional Services Department for two additional staff members to regulate short-term rentals. These inspectors will assist with the enforcement of the regulations which went into effect on January 1, 2019.The FY20 budget includes funding to expand theIntergenerational Homeshare Program. Launched as a pilot in 2017 as a collaboration between the Age Strong Commission and the Mayor's Housing Innovation Lab, the program leverages technology to match older adults with an extra room with a responsible young person looking for affordable rent. In addition, the FY20 budget will fund a housing court navigator to greet and direct families and individuals facing eviction to appropriate onsite services. Ending Chronic and Youth HomelessnessMayor Walsh's FY20 budget includes $4 million to support the creation of approximately 50 new units of permanent supportive housing each year, which combines subsidized rental housing with individualized support services so that people can receive the assistance they need to stay housed. It also includes $1 million to provide connections to employment, rental assistance, and supportive services for youth, building on the City'saction plan to support young Bostonians experiencing homelessness.In addition, the FY20 budget includes an investment that will fund four formerly homeless individuals to work as peer navigators across shelters in Boston connecting individuals currently experiencing chronic homelessness with permanent housing pathways. Peer housing navigators will help clients with their housing applications, gathering documentation needed for housing, and mentoring others as they transition from homelessness to housing.The budget also includes an expansion in outreach services to provide assessment, crisis intervention, and intensive case management services to unsheltered individuals drawn to the spaces and resources of the Boston Public Library (BPL). The proposed new capacity will enable additional interactions at branch locations, which could include the South End, West End, Uphams Corner, and Dudley.Health, Safety and Wellness for a Growing CityMayor Walsh recognizes that a growing city needs to have robust, effective and accountable public safety services and a force reflective of the communities in which it serves. To that end, the FY20 budget includes funds to diversify recruitment efforts at the Boston Police Department (BPD), Boston Fire Department (BFD) and Boston Emergency Medical Services (EMS). The FY20 budget will further invest in BPD's ongoing work in strengthening community relations and prevention programs by supporting thenew Community Engagement Bureau, funding social workers previously funded by external grants, and growing the size of the police recruit class to 120, taking the City's police force to almost 2,230 officers. The FY20 budget will also continue to fund the police-worn body camera program, first introduced in the FY19 budget with staffing and equipment purchases.In addition, Mayor Walsh is committed to outfitting the Boston Fire Department (BFD) for the 21st century to protect the health and wellness of first responders, and ensure they have the tools they need to fight fires safely. In anticipation of mew authorization under state law, the FY20 budget will fund a new fire cadet class to improve diversity that has proven successful at the Police Department.The FY20 budget includes the addition of another EMS Community Assistance Team or Squad 80 which was first introduced two years ago to reduce ambulance response times. The Community Assistance Team is a non-transport squad who responds to incident call types with low frequency of transport. In its first year of operation, Squad 80 has positively impacted ambulance availability, responding to 2,048 clinical incidents that did not result in a transport and canceling BLS and/or ALS ambulances a total of 442 times, for incidents that did not require patient transport. In addition to freeing up ambulances for Priority 1 calls, the team assists individuals in connecting to city services, including shelters and recovery programs.Building on Mayor Walsh's commitment to providing services for those facing substance use disorder, in FY20 the City will grow the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services by 35 percent so that they can more effectively provide support to those in need of services. This investment will include new staff, new technology and enhanced citywide cleanup efforts. The FY20 budget will allow for the installment of 10 new sharp containers across the City where people can dispose of their used syringes safely.In response to an increase in new HIV diagnoses in the region, Boston will increase prevention and outreach efforts around HIV, hepatitis C, and sexually transmitted infections (STIs). Efforts include but are not limited to prevention, testing, and community engagement. This City funding is in addition to a $15 million grant the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) received to fund core medical and support services for people living with HIV/AIDS and their families.Protecting our EnvironmentMayor Walsh has been at the forefront of recognizing and addressing the risks of climate change, and protecting our environment. During Mayor Walsh's time in office, Boston has retained its title as the most "efficient city in the United States," as named by the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy.In 2018, Mayor Walsh pledged that 10 percent of new revenue in the capital budget would go towards climate resilience. In addition to the climate investments being presented in the Capital Plan in the coming weeks, Mayor Walsh in his FY20 budget proposal will invest in additional staff to support Boston's climate plans and goals, including a Climate Preparedness Manager, Building Energy & Resilience Consultant, Archaeology Lab Manager, and more. In addition, the FY20 budget will invest $460,000 to fund initial recommendations of the forthcoming Zero Waste Report that supports the goal of reducing, repairing and reusing all materials in the City. In an effort to increase and improve our tree canopy, the budget also sets aside $100,000 for urban forestry.These investments build on the Mayor's transformative plan,Resilient Boston Harbor, that lays out strategies along Boston's 47-mile shoreline to increase access and open space along the waterfront while better protecting the city during a major flooding event.Transforming the Future of MobilityOur economic strength is dependent on our ability to move people around our city to businesses, jobs and homes.Building on Boston's long-term transportation plan,Go Boston 2030, theFY20 budget utilizes new revenue to make targeted investments in public space and improved mobility, including:Expanding Opportunities for Prosperity and EquityThe citywide resilience strategy aims to ensure every resident can reach their full potential regardless of their background, and to remove the barriers that hinder Bostonians from having access to opportunities. To that end, the City is investing in areas of equity and prosperity.At the Office of Economic Development, the City is investing in $140,000 to support the Boston Economic Development Center, $135,000 to support mobile businesses, with an initial focus on food trucks, and $125,000 in additional resources for the office of Emerging Industries.In addition, the City is investing to promote the2020 U.S. Censusand ensure every Bostonian is counted. This investment will support Boston's outreach efforts by providing grants to community-based organizations and more support to City departments, in addition to a FY19 investment of dedicated staffing resources. The FY20 Budget for the first time includes funds dedicated for theGreater Boston Immigrant Defense Fund, a public-private partnership launched by Mayor Walsh in 2017 with the goal of strengthening the Boston's capacity to protect and defend its many immigrant communities, refugees, and temporary status holders, by increasing education and access to legal services. City funds in this years budget are estimated to pay counsel for approximately 30 cases.Investing in Arts and CultureThe City continues to introduce more art into the fabric of city life through groundbreaking investments highlighted inBoston Creates, the Mayor's cultural plan for the city. In FY20, the City will invest $200,000 in sustaining key grant making programs for individual artists through theOpportunity Fund, theArtist Fellowship Award, and an additional $250,000 for theBoston Artist in Residence Program, which infuses art into city departments and programs.To support a growing and robust Arts & Culture office, the City will invest operating funds to cover the cost of grants that had expired for the positions of Artist Resource Manager and Communications Director. These investments and the new City-funded grants will create a permanent long-lasting home for arts funding.Building on the robust capital work that has been underway at the Boston Public Library and its branches, the FY20 budget will invest an additional $400,000 to expand access to print and digital resources, expanding access to the material and reducing wait times. In addition to an increase in resources, the Library will increase youth and teen programs by adding additional librarians, and will increase funds for security across the branches.About Imagine Boston 2030Mayor Walsh's FY20 continues to invest in preserving and creating a strong middle class, and creating opportunities for all those who live in Boston. The FY20 budget supports Boston's long-term plan, Imagine Boston 2030.Imagine Boston 2030is Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years aimed at guiding growth to support our dynamic economy and expand opportunity for all residents. The plan prioritizes inclusionary growth and puts forth a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood across the City. Shaped by the input of 15,000 residents who contributed their thoughts to the plan, Imagine Boston 2030 identifies five action areas to guide Boston's growth, enhancement and preservation, and is paired with a set of metrics that will evaluate progress and successes. To learn more visit,imagine.boston.gov.For more information on the FY20 budget proposal, please visitbudget.boston.gov.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 49-51 Brown Avenue in Roslindale, MA 02131.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 19, 2019.
In Japan, 60 is a significant number. According to tradition, a person turning 60 has gone through the years of the Chinese zodiac five times and returned to his or her birth zodiac. This is seen as a rebirth (kanreki).Therefore, our two cities are planning a series of events throughout 2019 in order to signify this rebirth of partnership and collaboration.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structureat 22 Ansonia Road in West Roxbury, MA 02132.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 15, 2019.
Public Radio, New American Public Arts winning project from New Urban Mechanics Public Space Invitational, has made its debut at District Halls outdoor plaza. Public Radio is a larger-than-life, futuristic radio that allows anyone to change the station.The creation of Public Radio was made possible by a collaboration between New American Public Art and creative programmer, Andrew Ringler. The project was supported by Microsoft Technology and Civic Engagement,The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, Microsoft Garage, and the Artisans Asylum. Additionally, the project was sponsored in part by Vernier Software & Technology.In the words of the artists behind the project, modern audio experiences are mostly solitary...Public Radio is meant to reinvigorate the shared experience of listening, offering a public amenity at public scale, to play whatever happens to be on the airwaves. Public Radio will be on display through September 2019. For those interested, the design and technical details of Public Radio can be found on Github, where anyone can freely download the software code behind the project.The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics in Boston serves as the City's innovation incubator, building partnerships between internal agencies and outside entrepreneurs to pilot projects that address resident needs.New American Public Art is a Boston based multi-disciplinary studio that conceptualizes, designs, fabricates, and installs interactive projects.Microsofts Technology andCorporate Responsibility work aims to connect the city with Microsoft resources relevant to the top priorities in Boston, including the Microsoft Garage. The Microsoft Garage at NERD is built to optimize the connection between Microsoft and the broader community. With nearly 15,000 square feet of space, the new Garage at NERD provides room to congregate, a makerspace, an advanced makerspace and a reality room.
The Boston Marathon and the Patriots Day Parade will be held on Monday, April 15, 2019. The BAA 5K and the Invitational Mile will be held on Saturday, April 13, 2019. Street closures and parking restrictions will be in effect in the Back Bay, Beacon Hill, Brighton, Fenway-Kenmore, North End and Government Center. People coming into the City for the events are urged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebike rentals may be found online, and information on the MBTA may be found on the T's website. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Changes to the following traffic and parking plan may be made by the City of Bostons Police and Transportation Departments for the purpose of advancing public safety and traffic management. It is important to read all posted signs and variable message boards carefully.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the Boston Parks and Recreation Department has launched a new master plan for Franklin Park, Boston's largest park. With sale of Winthrop Square Garage, Mayor Walsh committed $28 million to revitalize Franklin Park, which was designed by Fredrick Law Olmsted and commissioned in the 1890s in response to the challenges associated with increasing urban density. In preparation for this $28 million investment, Boston Parks and Recreation Department is launching a new master plan for the park."I'm excited to celebrate the master plan of Franklin Park and the renovations that will help Franklin Park reach its full potential as Boston's largest park, and one of our cherished green spaces," said Mayor Walsh. "Thanks to the sale of the Winthrop Street Garage, we will have $28 million to invest in preserving and improving this park for our residents, and for future generations to come."The plan will provide a vision for the park, building on existing public and private investment and inform the priorities for expenditures from both Winthrop Square funds and future City of Boston Capital Plans. The funds will support capital investments as well as investments in the maintenance and activities of the park.The park is located at the geographic heart of the City, the meeting ground of the Roxbury, Dorchester, Mattapan, Roslindale and Jamaica Plain neighborhoods. Franklin Park draws visitors from throughout the region and around the world. It is the home of the William Devine Golf Course, the historic Bear Cages, Scarboro Pond, a renowned cross country running course, the Franklin Park Zoo, White Stadium, tot lots and playgrounds, miles of trails, and acres of woods and playing fields.The Parks Department recently completed a six-year, $7.25 million project to improve pathways and entrances in Franklin Park, the largest investment in the park since the golf clubhouse was opened in 1998. That work delivered on the long-term community goals of taking Parks Department maintenance traffic off internal park paths and reestablishing Scarborough Pond as a beautiful and restful feature of the Emerald Necklace.The Franklin Park Coalition has been working as the community voice of the park since the 1970s and hosts park events including the spring Kite & Bike Festival. The City and the Coalition worked together to select a unique and dynamic team to facilitate the master planning efforts."This is a generational opportunity to protect and enhance the public health benefits of our beloved park, while also developing creative new opportunities in partnership with the Parks and Recreation Department," said Franklin Park Coalition executive director Janna Cohen-Rosenthal. "We were impressed by the selected team's collaborative approach, dedication to the community process, and design expertise. We are very excited to begin work on this project."The team selected is Cambridge-based landscape architects Reed Hilderbrand working in collaboration with Agency Landscape + Planning of Cambridge and MASS Design Group of Boston. Supporting consultants include Nitsch Engineering, Applied Ecological Services, ETM Associates, and ARUP as well as subject matter specialists Stephen Gray, Ethan Carr, Julie Africa, and others."A master plan for Franklin Park is an exhilarating and humbling commission," said John Kett, principal and lead designer for Reed Hilderbrand. "We recognize the beauty of the landscape Olmsted found and carefully reshaped for public enjoyment, and we appreciate the important role it has played in the lives of city residents for past generations. We are eager to serve the communities who spend their mornings, afternoons, evenings, and weekends here. We are committed to envisioning a sustainable and equitable Franklin Park that contributes to a prosperous and vibrant Boston for future generations."About Reed HilderbrandReed Hilderbrand has led the design and planning for many culturally significant landscapes, such as The Clark Art Institute in Williamstown, Massachusetts, and award-winning public parks, such as Long Dock Park in Beacon, New York, and Repentance Park in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Locally, Reed Hilderbrand created the Leventritt Shrub and Vine Garden at the Arnold Arboretum as well as Seaport Common, site of District Hall and the Massachusetts Fallen Heroes Memorial.About Agency Landscape + PlanningAgency Landscape + Planning is a mission-driven, women-owned practice dedicated to addressing social equity, cultural vitality and environmental resilience through design excellence, strategic planning and community-engagement on projects across the country and at home in New England. MASS Design Group is an interdisciplinary collective that designs and builds transformative public projects ranging from medical facilities to public monuments. Their recent project, the National Memorial for Peace and Justice in Montgomery, Alabama, has reached international acclaim and was recently heralded by The Dallas Morning News as "the single greatest work of 21stcentury American architecture."
Despite Massachusetts' progressive history in leading health care, many Massachusetts residents still do not have health insurance, with recent reports finding that 20,000 children in the Commonwealth are uninsured. At this weeks Council meeting, the Council adopted a resolution filed by Councilors Zakim and O'Malley supporting Massachusetts Senate Bill No. 683, An Act Establishing Medicare for All in Massachusetts. State Senator James Eldridge sponsored the bill, which would establish a single payer healthcare system in Massachusetts.Establishing a single-payer health care system would allow doctors and patients to make healthcare decisions primarily based on the needs of the patients and also allows patients to access doctors and hospitals without paying premiums or co-pays. The many benefits of Medicare for All would include: affording everyone in the Commonwealth access to medical care, removing millions of dollars in overhead costs, and giving greater leverage to patients to take charge of their health and its care.
Boston youth ages 16 - 18 are invited to apply now for Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Snap Shot Teen Photography Program. This unique summer job program is made possible via a partnership between BCYF and the John Hancock MLK Summer Scholars Program. The BCYF Snap Shot program teaches youth about photography while they explore Bostons neighborhoods, museums and historic sites. The young people also photograph many BCYF community centers, programs and events. Youth receive a paycheck while participating in the program.This is a great summer employment opportunity for teens that are interested in learning photography while exploring our City and making new friends," said William Morales, Commissioner of BCYF. "I want to thank John Hancocks MLK Scholars Program for being a longtime supporter of this program.A professional photographer teaches the program. Participants learn about different techniques, equipment and concepts. They are also introduced to a variety of professional photographers through books, websites and exhibitions in art galleries and museums around Boston. The program also includes field trips to different neighborhoods in Boston. At the end of the summer, their work is showcased at an exhibition."Last summer she had an opportunity to work with the Snap Shot Program where got to go out into the city and photograph nature, landscapes, people and more depending on the project for the week, said Aurany Aquasvivas, age 16, from Hyde Park who participated last summer. Because of the program, I became a little less shy and made new friends and even reconnected with a childhood friend."The program will run from Monday, July 8 through Friday, August 16. Participants will work 20 hours each week. Interested young people can apply by visiting BCYFs website at Boston.Gov/BCYF. Deadline for applying is Friday, May 10. For more information, contact Donna.Reeves@Boston.Gov.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program, the GIRLS Initiative, Camp Joy special needs program and many aquatic offerings.
Currently, BSP officers are classified in Group 1, which consists of officials and general employees, including clerical and administrative workers. Group classification for retirement purposes is determined by the position, occupation, and duties of an employee. Classifying BSP officers as Group 2 would have minimal cost impact because of the membership size and the age of their officers.The BSP officers are working in schools and serve as the first responders for incidents that occur at the schools, including assaults, fights, drug-related incidents, and weapon recovery. The BSP officers play an important role in maintaining security at the schools and building trust with students, creating and maintaining a safe learning environment.Councilor Baker stated that the work of BSP officers is comparable to Boston Police Department (BPD) officers, as BSP officers are licensed by BPD as special police officers, and complete public safety and training programs through BPD.The legislation needs a signature from the Mayor and approval by the State Legislature to go into effect.
Who benefits from language and communications access? The short answer is that it is for any constituent who requires language or communications assistance when interacting with the City of Boston. This constituency includes Boston residents, business owners, visitors, students, community members, etc.More specifically, our program focuses on providing meaningful access to two main demographic groups: people who use languages other than English and people who have disabilities. Below is an overview of these demographic groups in Boston as of 2016. To explore City and neighborhood-specific data in more detail, check out our Demographic Data Reports for Language and for Disability.About 37% of Bostons population uses a language besides English at home. Some are fluent in multiple languages, including English. About 17% say they have some difficulty in speaking, reading, writing, or understanding English. Like any skill, there is a range of proficiencies when it comes to knowing a language. Some people may be in the beginning stages of learning. Others may be fluent but need additional support in specific contexts such as legal or medical situations. It is important to recognize these differences as being unique to the individual and circumstance.The City of Boston supports interpretation and translation for anyone who needs assistance in a language other than English. The top ten most commonly requested language accommodations in Boston are:Our goal is to reduce barriers for people with disabilities that may affect their hearing, speaking, reading, writing, and/or understanding. Increasing communications accessibility includes using supportive technology, adapting the way information is presented and providing services that help people express themselves and understand others.In Boston, there are more than 84,000 people who have a disability. About 22% self-identify as Deaf or have a hearing difficulty, and 21% self-identify as being blind or having a vision difficulty. It is important to recognize that people experience their disability in different ways. A disability can be visible and invisible. It can present several challenges or few challenges to a persons mobility, independent-living, or communications ability. Furthermore, one persons disability may have vastly different implications on their livelihood than another persons experience with the same disability.With this in mind, the City of Boston is working to adopt several standards to increase citywide accessibility for people with disabilities. Specifically, we:We understand that peoples experiences cannot always be simplified to a single label or category. There is a wide range of ways in which someone may experience a language or communication barrier. As such, we are in the midst of a citywide data collection effort to better understand the intersections of language, disability, age, and other details. Learn more about the Language, Disability, and Childcare Survey here (translations available).The best way for us to expand our efforts is to learn from people who would benefit from greater accessibility. Wed love to hear how we are doing, what we can do to improve, or how this kind of accessibility has changed your interactions with the City. You can write to us or submit an anonymous form.Know that your feedback will help shape what we do today and the future direction for years to come.The Office of Language and Communication Access works to strengthen the City of Boston so that services, programs and activities are meaningfully accessible to all constituents. To learn more, visit the Language and Communications Access website.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced his transportation investments in the City of Boston's proposed fiscal year 2020 (FY20) budget and capital plan, with a focus on improving safe, reliable and equitable transportation for all Boston residents. Building on Boston's long-term transportation plan,Go Boston 2030, the FY20 budget utilizes new revenue to make targeted investments in public space and improved mobility, including $2 million for bike infrastructure, $4 million to strengthen Boston's Walkable Streets programs, which equitably reconstructs sidewalks throughout Boston, and $8 million to improve the state of good repair on the City's bridges, roads, sidewalks and lane markings."Investing in transportation that works for everyone -- whether you walk, bike, take public transportation or drive -- is our key goal as we continue to improve transportation in Boston," said Mayor Walsh. "Creating an equitable city with opportunity for all means ensuring residents can move easily and safely around Boston, and these new investments, from bike lanes to reconstructed sidewalks, will go a long way towards ensuring Boston's streets and spaces safe, reliable and accessible for all."The City's investments also include updates to how it manages metered parking spaces and new investments in Boston's streets. The changes in parking management build from the successful two-yearpilot of performance parkingin Back Bay and the South Boston Waterfront. Through this pilot, the City adjusted parking meter rates to improve the availability of parking and reduce congestion. Expanding this approach across Boston will not only make parking easier, but also generate additional revenue to improve Boston's transportation network.Boston's performance parking pilot was launched in 2016 and focused on two areas with the highest parking demand in Boston -- the Back Bay and the South Boston Waterfront. Taking a different approach in each neighborhood, the City adjusted meter rates and observed the impact on parking availability. The pricing approach taken in the Back Bay, where the City applied a consistent price over a larger area, showed the most positive results, as double-parking decreased by 14 percent, and illegal parking decreased by an average of 22 percent. During this pilot, on average a parking space was available on every block.Building off of the learnings from this two-year pilot, the City is making a series of updates to its parking meter rates, including:These parking meter changes will go into effect on July 1, 2019. Even with these updates, Boston continues to have some of the lowest parking meter prices in the country, with other municipalities' hourly rates at up to $4/hour (Seattle), up to $6.50/hour (San Francisco and Chicago).Residential neighborhoods which do not have parking meters will not see a change.As a result of this improvement, the City expects that the benefits of smarter pricing will also reach these other areas -- it will be easier to find a parking space there will be less illegal parking there will be less double parking all leading to less congestion and lower emissions.With the additional revenue these parking changes bring, Boston will re-invest the funds -- estimated to reach $5 million -- back into creating equitable streets for all.In addition to increased parking meter revenue, Boston is now in its second year of collecting the 10 cent per ride revenue from Transportation Network Companies (TNCs), like Uber and Lyft, which will result in about $3 million in funding available for transportation projects in FY20. In hislegislative package, Mayor Walsh has alsoproposed further measuresto encourage shared TNC rides, and reduce congestion in Boston. This TNC revenue will contribute to funding anti-congestion efforts Citywide, as well as safety and public realm improvements.Together, these areas of new investment include:More Equitable Streets:The City will increase its investment in both spot repairs of broken sidewalks and the full reconstruction of sidewalks. Strengthening Boston's Walkable Streets Program with a $4 million investment, funding will repair sidewalks throughout the City, including reconstructing corridors near the Orchard Gardens school in Roxbury and the Mather School in Glover's Corner, among many others. This complements the City's additional $200,000 operating investment in an innovative sidewalk repair pilot, which aims to more equitably reduce the backlog and create safer and more walkable streets.$500,000 will be for the installation of four tactical plazas in the public realm that will help revitalize underutilized transportation infrastructure and make streets walkable spaces where people can convene, create, and experiment.Boston'sTactical Public Realm Guidelinesfocus on making "tactical" placemaking more accessible for all our neighborhoods, creating more nimble and standardized processes for the creation of plazas, parklets, outdoor cafes, and street murals along Boston's streets and sidewalks.More Reliable Commutes:The City will invest $2.65 million in a series of projects to improve people's commutes. Of this investment, $1 million will go towards accelerating the design and construction of Boston's major bike corridors, including extending bike lanes on Massachusetts Avenue to the Columbia Road and the Columbus Avenue bike lanes north to Downtown Boston. One million dollars will be used to accelerate the expansion of bike share infrastructure to outer neighborhoods in order to improve accessibility and reach the City's goal of 268 stations by 2022.These funds also include $200,000 in additional support for Boston's ongoing bus lane program, including repainting the Washington Street and Essex Street bus lane corridors that serve the Silver Line 4 & Silver Line 5, and investing in a plan for improvements to Blue Hill Avenue.$150,000 will be invested in the redesign of the Massachusetts Avenue intersection north of Melnea Cass Boulevard for safety and traffic improvements, including protected bike infrastructure.$300,000 will be invested in traffic signal prioritization services as part of developing BTD's larger data collection and evaluation strategy. This will help with the strategic utilization of curb space and prioritize traffic signal changes to maximize the movement of commuters throughout the city.Mayor Walsh has also focused the FY20 transportation investments on strengthening Boston's infrastructure, even at a time when federal support for infrastructure projects has weakened. This year's budget includes tripling bridge repair funds, doubling the Walkable Streets project, and expanding the roadway resurfacing work across the city. City-owned bridges are especially important. These vital connections allow people and commerce to move about the city, and replacing or upgrading them keeps Boston moving.Major bridge investments include:For roadway safety, the City will dedicate additional funding to the Vision Zero project as the City aims to construct 15 Neighborhood Slow Streets, complete 15 miles of better bike corridors and fix 15 of the most challenging intersections in the next three years. The City will also continue to increase the investment in a citywide, multi-year campaign to bring all painted crosswalks, lane markings, bike and bus lanes into a state of good repair. Well-marked roads with appropriate insignia help to reduce collisions and make roads safer for all residents.In his speech last month to the Boston Municipal Bureau, Mayor Walsh announcednew initiatives and investments being made in Boston's transportation infrastructurethat will help increase safety for all users of the road, ease congestion and provide more viable transportation options for residents, including reducing Boston's speed limit to 20 miles per hour, piloting ride-sharing pick-up/drop-off points, piloting new bus lanes, and providing MBTA passes to all students grades 7-12.These continued investments and initiatives all align with the City's commitment toGo Boston 2030, the City of Boston's comprehensive transportation plan to build a safe, equitable and reliable multi-modal transportation network for all users of Boston's streets. To date, action has been taken on more than half of the 58 projects and policies identified in the plan. The investments will further complement Go Boston 2030 efforts that have been achieved to date. 
Building on his commitment to expanding access to affordable housing opportunities and combating chronic homelessness in Boston, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced $20.6 million in City funds to support housing efforts as part of the Mayors Fiscal Year 2020 (FY20) operating budget proposal. The City investments to sustain and expand its housing goals represent an increase of approximately $6.4 million, or 45 percent, in the FY20 operating budget for housing over last year. Five million dollars of this investment will be generated as part of implementing the Commonwealths new Room Occupancy Excise Law and in accordance with the Citys local ordinances. The Department of Neighborhood Developments total budget also includes $64.9 million from external grants and $20.1 million in anticipated spending from the Inclusionary Development Program."Housing affordability remains one of our top priorities in Boston, and I am proud that through our proposed budget we are doubling down on our efforts to create and preserve more affordable housing for residents," said Mayor Walsh. Over the last four years, Boston has built more income-restricted housing than in any similar period on record. Through the new tools and funding in our budget, we will be able to further build upon the progress we have made, and expand our reach to offer more housing options to residents."As Boston continues to look for ways to address its housing needs, the City has identified an opportunity to increase its limited revenue and permanently target the funds to enhance housing and homelessness efforts. As part of implementing the Commonwealths new Room Occupancy Excise Law, $5 million will be generated through increasing Bostons Room Occupancy Local Excise Tax by 0.5 percentage points to 6.5 percent for all lodging establishments. In the first year, $4 million will be targeted towards creating 50 new units of permanent supportive housing and $1 million to create pathways for youth and young adults experiencing homelessness.This budget reflects the Walsh Administrations continued commitment to identifying additional resources for affordable housing, said Sheila Dillon, Bostons Chief of Housing. It also shows our willingness to explore and fund new ideas to increase the supply of affordable housing and programs that protect the most vulnerable members of our community.These new investments are in addition to the many other housing investments contained in the Mayors FY20 operating budget that target the full spectrum of housing needs in Boston. Departments across the entire City will implement new FY20 investments that will help address homelessness, create and preserve affordable housing, and support homeowners and renters.The following investments target the three priorities outlined in the Citys housing plan Housing a Changing City: production of new housing, preservation of existing affordable housing, and protection of those households most at risk. To accomplish these goals, Mayor Walsh has committed to help create 69,000 new units of housing at a variety of income levels across the City, including nearly 16,000 new units of income-restricted housing that will bring Bostons total number of income-restricted units to 70,000 by 2030.Ending Chronic and Youth Homelessness Mayor Walshs FY20 recommended budget includes $4 million to support the creation of approximately 50 new units of permanent supportive housing each year. Permanent supportive housing combines subsidized rental housing with individualized support services so that people can receive the assistance they need to stay housed. Creating new permanent supportive housing is a critical component of Boston's Way Home, the City's plan to end chronic homelessness. The services are designed to build independent living skills and to connect people with services such as community-based health care, help with mental health issues, substance use counseling, and employment services.By definition, chronically homeless individuals have barriers that create challenges to remaining housed. These barriers can include physical disabilities, substance use disorder, and mental health issues, among others. Without additional assistance, some chronically homeless men and women are not able to maintain their homes. Since the launch of Boston's Way Home, the City has:Pine Street Inn is extremely pleased to partner with Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston on its commitment to end chronic homelessness, said Lyndia Downie, president and executive director of Pine Street Inn. We know that having a home  a safe, stable place to go every day  can make all the difference in a persons life. We are very fortunate to have the kind of leadership in Boston that puts its resources behind solving a challenge that affects not just those who are homeless, but all of us who live or work in Boston. Providing housing with support services is not just the right thing to do  it is also cost-effective, saving over $10,000 per person/per year on emergency systems.The FY20 recommended budget also includes $1 million to provide connections to employment, rental assistance, and supportive services for youth, building on the Citys action plan to support young Bostonians experiencing homelessness. These funds will help support early identification and outreach, increase access to effective supports, and to develop a collaborative system to create pathways to opportunity for those experiencing homelessness. This investment is on top of a $4.9 million Youth Homelessness Demonstration Program grant from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).In addition, the FY20 budget includes a $300,000 investment that will fund four formerly homeless individuals to work as peer navigators across shelters in Boston connecting individuals currently experiencing chronic homelessness with permanent housing pathways. Peer housing navigators will help clients with their housing applications, gathering documentation needed for housing, and mentoring others as they transition from homelessness to housing.The budget also includes a $100,000 expansion in outreach services to provide assessment, crisis intervention, and intensive case management services to unsheltered individuals drawn to the spaces and resources of the Boston Public Library (BPL).Launched in 2017, the current program, in which a full-time outreach worker is embedded at the BPLs Central Library in Copley Square, comprises, on average, approximately 126 unique client interactions per month. These interactions, which include placements in housing and treatment programs, are expected to double with the additional capacity provided in the FY20 budget. The proposed new capacity will add social work interns to the program, enabling additional interactions at branch locations, which could include the South End, West End, Uphams Corner, and Dudley. Services will also be dispatched to additional locations as needed. Creating and Preserving Affordable Housing Building and preserving affordable housing continues to be a cornerstone of the Administrations efforts to address the Citys housing needs. To that end, the recommended FY20 budget includes funding for the expansion of the Additional Dwelling Units (ADUs) program. This $650,000 investment will provide zero-interest loans for income-eligible homeowners. The program allows owner-occupants to carve out space within their homes to create smaller, independent units in East Boston, Mattapan and Jamaica Plain, developing more naturally occurring affordable housing options while creating rental income for homeowners. Since the pilot launched in 2017, 12 ADU permits have been issued, and the City is planning to expand the program to all neighborhoods this spring. No-interest loans of up to $30,000 for income-eligible homeowners will help more owners across Boston create ADUs.Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh and the City's Community Preservation Committee (CPC) allocated more than $18 million from Community Preservation Act (CPA) funds to create and preserve hundreds of units of housing, and to contribute to affordable housing programming like the Acquisition Opportunity Program (AOP) and the Boston Home Center. The AOP provides funding to community development corporations and others to purchase rental housing units from the speculative market and income-restrict them.In an effort to preserve Bostons housing stock while providing economic opportunities for residents and temporary accommodations for visitors, Mayor Walsh signed an ordinance in 2018 establishing guidelines and regulations to better track and regulate short-term rentals in the City of Boston. The regulations, which went into effect on January 1, 2019, allow for the growth of the home-sharing industry, while including deterrents to prevent operators from monopolizing Boston's housing market with short-term rentals.In his FY20 budget proposal, Mayor Walsh is investing more than $105,000 in the Bostons Inspectional Services Department for two additional staff members to regulate short-term rentals. These inspectors will assist with the enforcement of the regulations, working to ensure that the owners are abiding by the regulations that classify short-term rental units: limited share unit, home share unit, and owner-adjacent unit.The regulations provide protection for the occupants of the short-term rental unit by prohibiting any property with outstanding housing, sanitary, building, fire or zoning-code violations from being listed. The regulations require the unit to register with the City of Boston each year to verify compliance with the provisions of the ordinance, and pay an annual license fee.Supporting Homeowners and RentersThe FY20 budget includes $100,000 to expand the Intergenerational Homeshare Program. Launched as a pilot in 2017 as a collaboration between the Age Strong Commission and the Mayors Housing Innovation Lab, the program leverages technology to match older adults with an extra room with a responsible young person looking for affordable rent. Some agreements even include exchanging basic help with daily living for lower rent. Funding will allow the program to pair 100 matches in FY20 by hiring a vendor to recruit and assist hosts, vet applicants, and provide ongoing support for participants.In addition, the FY20 budget will provide $25,000 to fund a housing court navigator. While there are nonprofit resources available at Housing Court, they are often hard to find and navigate. This effort will fund staff to greet and direct families and individuals facing eviction to appropriate onsite services. The City's FY20 budget will be formally released on Wednesday, April 10, 2019, and residents are encouraged to visit budget.boston.gov to find out more information about investments being made in their community.
Traffic and parking will be impacted and people coming into the City for the events are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.The Greek Independence Day Parade will begin forming at Noon on Boylston Street from Hereford Street to Fairfield Street on Hereford Street from Newbury Street to Boylston Street and on Gloucester Street from Newbury Street to Boylston Street. The parade will begin at 1 PM on Boylston Street at Fairfield Street with an estimated 5,000 marchers walking on Boylston Street to Charles Street, turning left on Charles Street, and entering the Boston Common for a celebration at the Parkman Bandstand that will end at 4 PM. The formation area is expected to close to traffic at Noon the parade route is expected to close to traffic shortly before 1 PM. During the parade, no traffic will be allowed toward Charles Street from the intersection of Boylston and Tremont Streets, and at the intersection of Charles and Boylston Streets all traffic will be directed toward Tremont Street.Doyles Road Race will begin at 11 AM on Circuit Drive. An estimated 2,000 runners will proceed to Playstead Road, to the traffic island near White Stadium, and return via Playstead Road, to Circuit Drive, to the footpath over Scarboro Pond, through the Elliot Arch, to Williams Street, ending at Doyles.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday temporary parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Walk MS will begin at 10 AM at Nickerson Field. An estimated 1,500 marchers will proceed to Harry Agganis Way, turn left onto Silber Way, to the Silber Way Overpass to the Charles River Esplanade, cross back over Storrow Drive by footbridge exiting onto Bay State Road, follow footpaths through Marsh Chapel, turn right onto Commonwealth Avenue, right onto Agganis Way, to Nickerson Field.
